
                              501 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 17, 2014 Friday

Utah: System of Care Expansion Implementation Cooperative Agreements

LENGTH: 473  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration
Deadlines  Mar 21, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Gwendolyn Simpson
Phone: 240.276.1408
Email: gwendolyn.simpson@samhsa.hhs.gov

For programmatic or technical assistance questions:
Diane Sondheimer
Deputy Branch Chief
Phone: 240.276.1922
Email: diane.sondheimer@samhsa.hhs.gov
Purpose

System of Care Expansion Implementation Cooperative Agreements support the
operation, expansion, and integration of Systems of Care intended to increase
the provision and availability of mental health services to children and youth
with emotional disturbances.

Applicants will be expected to include the following types of activities:

Provision of mental health services, including culturally and linguistically
diverse services that address mental health disparities
    Outreach activities
    Expansion of family and youth involvement
    Collaboration across child serving agencies and among critical providers,
and programs to build bridges among partners, including relationships between
community and residential treatment settings
    Integration between mental health and substance abuse services and systems
    Creation of outcome measurement strategies
    Coordination with Block Grants and other health care reform efforts
    Development and implementation of a strategic financing plan that
incorporates Medicaid and other third party payors, other child serving agencies
and systems, and Block Grants
    Establishment of policy, administrative and/or regulatory structures that
support ongoing SOC implementation efforts

Systems of Care focused on rural and tribal populations are eligible to apply.
Eligibility  Eligible entities include:

State governments
    Indian or tribal organizations
    Governmental units within political subdivisions of a state, such as a
county, city or town
    Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Northern Mariana Islands, Virgin Islands, Guam,
American Samoa, and Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands (now Palau,
Micronesia, and the Marshall Islands).

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $1,000,000

For the first, second, and third fiscal years of the cooperative agreement,
grantees must provide at least $1 for each $3 of federal funds. For the fourth
fiscal year of the cooperative agreement, grantees must provide at least $1 for
each $1 of federal funds.
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.

A pre-application webinar will be held January 13, 2014 from 2:30 - 4:30 p.m.
Registration link: http://bit.ly/1c7UMKO
Password: Abc123
Tagged as  Care coordination, Mental health

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            June 27, 2007 Wednesday

World Bank approves 600m-dollar loan for Indian farmers

LENGTH: 590 words


Text of report by Indian news agency PTI

Washington, 27 June: The World Bank Wednesday [27 June] approved one of its
largest support packages to India with a 600m-dollar loan and credit designed to
transform access to financial services for Indian farmers.

The Strengthening Rural Credit Cooperatives Project supports the Government of
India's programme to reform and revitalize the country's rural Credit
Cooperative Banks (CCBs).

These include some 31 state cooperative banks, 367 district central cooperative
banks and over 100,000 primary agricultural credit societies.

The goal is to transform them into efficient and commercially viable
institutions responsive to the financial service needs of India's poorer
farmers, including small and marginal farmers, the bank said in a statement.

"Since the early 1990s, India has introduced impressive financial sector reforms
that have resulted in increased competition, diversification, openness and
depth.

"Yet, India's rural population still has limited access to finance from formal
sources, relying instead on extortionate money lenders. The problem is
particularly severe for small and marginal farmers, who are among the poorest of
India's rural dwellers farming, respectively, less than one acre and between one
and four acres of land." the bank said.

The estimates suggest that some 87 per cent of marginal farmers and 70 per cent
of small farmers have no access to credit from a formal financial institution.

"Better access to finance for India's rural poor is absolutely critical for
higher rural growth, for reducing inequality, and ultimately, alleviating
poverty," said Isabel Guerrero, World Bank country director for India.

By providing small farmers with improved financial services, such as credit,
savings, remittances and insurance, this project will play a significant role in
helping India's rural poor benefit from growth opportunities, Guerrero said.

Twelve Indian states, Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Bihar, Gujarat,
Harayana, Madhya Pradesh,Maharashtra, Orissa, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh,
Uttarakhand and West Bengal,have signed the Memoranda of Understanding with the
Government of India and the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development
(NABARD) to the reform programme.

Potentially viable CCBs in those states will commit to a set of far-reaching
legal, regulatory, governance and institutional reformswhich will open the way
to financial and operational restructuring.

In the process the CCBs will be recapitalised with grants to wipe out the
accumulated losses, the value of members' capital will be restored, and a
minimum capital to risk weighted assets ratio (CRAR) of 7 per cent will be
achieved.

The project will also provide technical assistance throughout the process to
strengthen CCB governance, managerial and operational performance, and support
the computerisation for enhanced efficiency and transparency.

"The project will transform India's rural credit cooperative banks into
efficient and commercially viable institutions that can provide financial
services to the poorest farmers at affordable terms," said Priya Basu, World
Bank Lead Economist and project team leader.

The loan from the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD)
has 20 years maturity, including a five-year grace period. The credit is
provided by the International Development Association (IDA), the World Bank's
concessionary lending arm, and has 35 years to maturity and a 10-year grace
period.

Source: PTI news agency, New Delhi, in English 0506 gmt 27 Jun 07

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                    Sioux County Index-Reporter (Hull, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 1, 2014

USDA Rural Development Invests $498 million in Rural Iowa in 2013

BYLINE: Sioux County Index-Reporter staff

LENGTH: 936  words


During the past year a relatively small mission area within the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) has assisted thousands of rural lowans by helping bring
nearly half a billion dollars to rural Iowa to support community and economic
development projects throughout the state.

USDA Rural Development invested $498 million into rural Iowa in 2013 to develop
homeownership opportunities, as well as wide variety of job-creation and
community-improvement projects and activities.

For instance, USDA Rural Development funds were used to build a road in Warren
County to support an expanding small business, helped the City of Corwith plan
for a new fire station, developed an indoor farmers' market facility in Ot-tumwa
and will assist with the upcoming remodeling and expansion at Floyd Valley
Hospital in Le Mars.

"Our focus is on the viability of rural communities which are so vital to our
state and nation," said Bill Menner, USDA Rural Development State Director in
Iowa. "These are the places that help support American agriculture and foster an
ethic that impacts our workforce, our military and our economy. We are working
with communities to create jobs, expand opportunity, encourage innovation and
build a strong foundation for the future."

In 2013, USDA Rural Development funding, through 40 direct loan, guaranteed loan
and grant programs, helped 2,600 rural Iowa families purchase homes, created or
retained more than 1,000 jobs, and assisted 60 communities with improvements to
facilities, services and infrastructure.

This fail a groundbreaking ceremony was held at the future home of C& L
Companies' new warehouse and distribution and testing facility in rural Warren
County. USDA Rural Development provided a $1 million rural economic development
loan to assist with the expansion project.

Additionally, a $280,000 rural economic development grant helped make upgrades
to the roadway near the warehouse and distribution facility. C&L Companies is a
manufacturer of after-market motorcycle component parts. The project is
estimated to create 14 new jobs.

Access Energy Cooperative used nearly $800,000 in USDA rural economic
development grants and loans (REDLG) in 2013 to create a revolving loan fund
that the Henry County Health Center used to purchase health information
technology (HIT) equipment for the surgical and outpatient departments.

Many recipients of USDA Rural Development's 2013 rural business enterprise
grants (RBEG) are supporting local foods efforts. Cass County used an $11,554
technical assistance grant to help develop sustainable and economically
successful local foods systems that support farm-based businesses and
entrepreneurs in the county.

Ottumwa Progress Inc. received a $62,676 grant to assist with construction
costs, as well as the purchase of equipment for an educational and commercial
kitchen area in an indoor farmers' market facility helping small and emerging
businesses. Winneshiek County Agricultural Extension District received a $48,000
grant to help purchase a refrigerated delivery truck and provide technical
assistance to northeast Iowa food producers and processors through a food hub
delivery and marketing service.

In addition to generating jobs, USDA Rural Development investments are also
creating ongoing economic opportunities in rural America that will pay benefits
for years to come.

The City of Bloomfield received $2 million in loan and grant funds to help
establish an emergency connection to Rathbun Regional Water Association's newly
completed water treatment plant in case the city would need to access additional
water in the future. The plant was supported by $20 million in USDA Rural
Development loan funds and can treat six million gallons of water per day.

"We are very happy to be a partner with all the communities we serve as they
work hard to make investments that will impact many future generations," Menner
added. "We also enjoy working with communities on much smaller projects that
provide an outstanding opportunity for residents to work together and experience
success. Many times, this success leads to bigger community-improvement
initiatives."

This year USDA Rural Development awarded grants of $50,000 or less to 29
communities including the City of Blockton to help purchase a fire truck, the
City of Floris to assist with upgrades at their fire station and to Wayne County
Hospital to purchase a 3-D ultrasound machine and viewing station.

Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested nearly $3 billion in rural Iowa
on essential public facilities, small and emerging businesses, water and sewer
systems and housing opportunities for Iowa families.

Further information on programs available through USDA Rural Development is
available by calling (515) 284-4663 or by visiting the agency's web site at
www.rurdev.usda. gov/ia.

USDA Rural Development has 11 offices across the state to serve the 1.7 million
lowans living in rural communities and areas. Office locations include a State
Office in Des Moines, along with Area Offices in Albia, Atlantic, Humboldt,
Indianola, Iowa Falls, Le Mars, Mount Pleasant, Storm Lake, Tipton and Wa-verly.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SXC

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2014 Sioux County Index Reporter


                              504 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             May 21, 1997 Wednesday

BYLINE: Jennifer Olson

LENGTH: 244 words


After securing a $500,000 grant, Mercer Oliver Economic Development Inc. is
searching for a developer to grow tomatoes from the waste heat of an area power
plant.

John Phillips said the corporation is in the early stages of planning the
greenhouse, which would be located in the Mercer County Cooperative Energy Park,
12 miles north of Beulah. No developers have been secured, and the size of the
greenhouse is uncertain. It could take about a year before someone commits to
the project, Phillips said. Phillips said he believes tomatoes -- grown year
round -- would thrive in the proposed greenhouse. The facility would be heated
free by an underground pipeline filled with waste heat from Basin Electric Power
Cooperative's Antelope Valley Station, located across the road from the park.
""It's a great concept,'' Phillips said. ""It's just a matter of getting someone
on board who understands the process of waste heat. We don't have a lot of
people like that in the area.'' The developer would have to come up with an
estimated additional $250,000 to get the project off the ground. The corporation
would probably kick in the $500,000 as part of a low-interest loan. The
corporation has toured similar facilities in other states. In Colorado, members
visited a tomato greenhouse that covered 70 acres. ""The tomatoes, they were
beautiful,'' he said. The corporation recently received the grant from the
United States Department of Agriculture's Rural Development.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1997 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             May 11, 2011 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

ON THEIR OWN;
GRANTS CONNECTING LOCAL FOOD PRODUCERS, LOCAL BUYERS ARE ON CHOPPING BLOCK

BYLINE: MIKE IVEY

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; Biz Beat; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1023 words


Fifth Season Cooperative of Viroqua could well serve as a model for business
development in rural Wisconsin.

Ready to open for this spring's growing season, Fifth Season connects small
farmers and processors with large institutional customers like schools,
universities and hospitals. The idea is to directly tie producers to markets,
eliminating the middleman, to keep prices affordable for local meats, produce
and dairy.

"We're one of just a handful of multi-stakeholder cooperatives in the United
States," says Nicole Penick, coordinator for the co-op.

Members so far include organic and conventional farmers; processors Organic
Valley, Westby Co-op Creamery and Premier Meats; and purchasers Gundersen
Lutheran, Vernon Memorial Healthcare, UW-La Crosse, Western Technical College
and Viroqua Area School District.

After nearly two years of planning, Fifth Season was launched last August as a
for-profit venture. It was helped with a $40,000 business development grant, the
largest issued in 2010, through the state's Buy Local, Buy Wisconsin program.

The Buy Local, Buy Wisconsin grant program was part of former Gov. Jim Doyle's
2008 budget and was designed to connect local food producers with local buyers.
It has awarded about $220,000 annually in development grants over the past three
years. Recipients in 2010 included the Bayfield Apple Co., Perfect Pasture in
Ashland, the Madison Area Community Supported Agriculture Coalition and Green &
Green Distribution in Mineral Point.

But the grant program is on Gov. Scott Walker's budget chopping block and was
not included in his proposed 2011-2013 budget - a development that some are
calling short-sighted and contrary to Walker's goal of growing the
private-sector economy.

"These grant recipients have done fantastic things creating local food networks
and, in financial times like these, I think the program has proven its worth,"
says Bridget Holcomb, associate director of the Michael Fields Agricultural
Institute, an East Troy-based nonprofit group working to build a sustainable
food system.

Holcomb referenced a report from the Department of Agriculture, Trade and
Consumer Protection showing Buy Local, Buy Wisconsin generated 49 jobs, $4
million in sales and $190,000 in state and local tax revenues in its first two
years.

"There just aren't any other state resources like this out there to get local
food efforts up and running," she says.

But DATCP Secretary Ben Brancel begs to differ. He notes the department is
maintaining its Buy Local staff person and can still offer technical assistance
if not actual dollars.

"We've been able to gather good information on how some of these businesses have
continued on even after the grant monies were gone," he says. "That's expertise
we can now share."

Brancel adds there are hundreds of farmers, processors and others who've been
involved in Wisconsin's buy local movement without ever receiving a
taxpayer-funded grant.

Indeed. While Buy Local, Buy Wisconsin is a specific food program run through
DATCP, there are other buy local efforts going on around the state.

In Madison, for example, Dane Buy Local was founded in 2004 as a program of
Wisconsin Partners for Sustainability. Today, the organization has more than 440
members and works to educate both consumers and business on the value of
circulating their respective dollars locally.

The Wisconsin Department of Public Instruction has also been involved in the
Farm to School effort and has received $2 million in funding from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture for that program in 2011.

"I see an opportunity there to supplement our local foods in school programs,"
says Brancel.

Brandon Scholz, president of the Wisconsin Grocers Association, has floated the
idea of a private, nonprofit Wisconsin Food Council that could work with small
businesses while raising dollars from investors with an interest in helping
local economies.

"At some point we need to realize that government just doesn't have the
resources anymore," says Scholz, who sits on the DATCP Buy Local, Buy Wisconsin
advisory committee.

But Steve Deller, a professor of agricultural and applied economics at
UW-Madison, says government seed money is often needed to leverage private
funding sources. He says it's next to impossible to get a bank loan for a
start-up food business.

"I think the demand is there for 'buy local' and people are willing to pay for
it," he says. "But lots of farmers are having a hard time linking into the local
supply chain."

Deller says the unique structure of Fifth Season Cooperative is one reason the
organization has been attracting so much interest.

"You've got some real potential for local foods initiatives to get some footing
and actually grow outside of places like Madison or Green Bay," Deller says.

Fifth Season staffer Penick says landing the Buy Local, Buy Wisconsin grant
allowed the cooperative to land other funding sources.

"It gave us instant credibility," she says.

The co-op is now selling shares to individuals for a minimum investment of $500,
paying an annual dividend of 5 percent.

Long-range plans call for moving Fifth Season operations into the Western
Wisconsin Food Enterprise Center, a remodeled former manufacturing facility in
Viroqua. That project was helped by a $2 million grant from the U.S. Economic
Development Administration.

The idea for Fifth Season grew out of response to the large quantities of
organic food leaving the driftless region of southwest Wisconsin for larger
cities like Chicago or the Twin Cities - without generating economic benefits to
local communities. Vernon County counts the most organic farms in the state, in
part because of the steeps hills in the region, which are not suited for large
corporate farming operations.

That's one reason for the growth of businesses there like Organic Valley and
Westby Co-op Creamery, which have applied the small farm approach to dairy
processing.

Penick says there is a tremendous opportunity to build a local food delivery
system in Wisconsin.

"But it takes money," she says. "Even something like a new cooler can make a
huge difference to somebody who is trying to get off the ground."

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday

CARD Bank Staff Threaten Self-Immolation

LENGTH: 278 words

DATELINE: BHUBANESWAR


BHUBANESWAR, Aug. 6 -- Employees of Cooperative Agricultural and Rural
Development (CARD) bank have threatened to commit self-immolation on August 14
before Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik's residence if their demand for speedy
release of their salaries is not met soon.

As many as 76 employees of CARD bank, which has remained defunct due to stoppage
of line of credit by NABARD since 2003, have not been paid any remuneration for
the last six years.

This was announced at a meeting of CARD bank employees' union held here on
Wednesday. The union elected Jogendra Swain as its president during the meeting.
Earlier, Swain was the chief advisor to the union.

"Odisha State Cooperative Agricultural and Rural Development (OSCARD) bank has
sufficient funds which it had received in form of a grant for loan waiver. The
funds can be utilised to pay our salaries," secretary of the union GB Panda
said.

The employees also demanded vertical merger of CARD bank with its apex body, the
OSCARD bank, and a subsequent merger with Odisha State Cooperative Bank (OSCB).

Though Cooperation Minister Damodar Rout had directed the Registrar of
Cooperative Societies (RCS) to assess the feasibility of a vertical merger of
CARD bank with OSCARD bank, no steps have been initiated in this direction.

"In April, the Cooperation Department had assured us an early resolution. Since
the officials have been dilly-dallying over the issue, we are forced to adopt
the extreme step," the union said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                February 2, 2017

                           Duke Energy Kentucky, Inc.

                             139 East Fourth Street
                                Cincinnati 45202
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Duke Energy awards nearly $240,000 to kick-start 10 urban redevelopment projects
in Ohio and Kentucky

   Nov 04, 2016

   Ten projects across nine Greater Cincinnati urban hubs received a combined
$239,500 in catalyst grants through Duke Energy's Urban Revitalization
Initiative. The program aims to support urban redevelopment projects and
stimulate growth in our local communities.This year&#39s grants were awarded
earlier today during a program at Westwood Town Hall that featured each grant
recipient, as well as Cincinnati Mayor John Cranley, Middletown (Ohio) Mayor
Larry Mulligan Jr., and Covington (Kentucky) Mayor Sherry Carran."We&#39re
investing in our urban cores and partnering with other forward-looking groups to
transform old, dilapidated properties into valuable community assets," said Jim
Henning, president of Duke Energy Ohio and Kentucky. "The results speak for
themselves. Our past grant recipients are now catalysts in their neighborhoods,
attracting new businesses and jobs, and improving the vitality of these
communities." Since the Urban Revitalization program debuted in 2011, the Duke
Energy Foundation has awarded nearly $1.6 million in grants to 48 local
initiatives. Click here to view a short video featuring some recent Urban
Revitalization grant recipients &ndashand the impact their projects are having
on their communities. Here are briefs on the projects that will receive Duke
Energy Urban Revitalization grants in 2016: OHIO Westwood Community Urban
Redevelopment Corp. $45,000 for West Side Brewery development in Westwood
Something&#39s brewing in Westwood! The heart of the neighborhood&#39s business
district &ndashright across from Westwood Town Hall and Town Hall Park &ndashis
gearing up to welcome West Side Brewery. With the help of a $45,000 grant from
Duke Energy, this highly anticipated project meets an unmet need in the
neighborhood, will create the equivalent of nine full-time positions, attract
visitors, and spur additional revitalization and redevelopment along a major
thoroughfare. Downtown Middletown Inc. $20,000 for Torchlight Pass in Middletown
One of Middletown&#39s most recognizable buildings is undergoing a makeover, and
Duke Energy is helping the project move along through a $20,000 Urban
Revitalization grant. The 38,000-square-foot structure, which was originally
built in 1955 as a JCPenney, will eventually transform into Torchlight Pass
&ndasha local destination for dining, retail, family entertainment and more. The
project&#39s first phase will create 5-6 full-time positions, and up to 25
part-time jobs. Hamilton County Business Center $20,000 for small business
coaching in Silverton The Hamilton County Business Center is once again a
recipient of a Duke Energy Urban Revitalization grant. This is the fourth
consecutive year the business center has been recognized. The 2016 grant money
will go toward providing one-on-one mentoring and coaching to small businesses,
as well as efforts to attract, retain and expand small businesses in Silverton.
Since 2013, the program has proved successful among small businesses in
Cincinnati&#39s Price Hill, Northside, East Walnut Hills, Pleasant Ridge, North
College Hill, Mt. Healthy, Cheviot and Westwood communities. College Hill
Community Urban Redevelopment Corp. $14,000 for National City Bank renovations
in College Hill At the heart of the College Hill business district is a funky,
mid-century modern structure commonly referred to as the National City Bank
Building. The College Hill Community Urban Redevelopment Corp. will use its
grant toward renovating the structure for potential use as a restaurant or
high-end retail store. The location is ideal &ndashthe building is part of the
very walkable business district and directly across the street from 53
apartments currently under construction. Madisonville Community Urban
Redevelopment Corp. $5,500 for historic Metz building renovation in Madisonville
Duke Energy awarded an Urban Revitalization grant toward the renovation of the
historic Metz building in Madisonville. Once work is complete, the building will
house the neighborhood&#39s police substation &ndashincluding its four employees
&ndashand the community&#39s nonprofit development corporation. Both
organizations are in need of new space as a result of additional redevelopment
nearby. And they hope to send a signal to potential new businesses: Things are
moving along in Madisonville &ndashliterally, as progress continues reshaping
the Madison Road business corridor. KENTUCKY The Catalytic Fund $40,000 for
Marianne Theatre redevelopment in Bellevue Built in 1941, Bellevue&#39s Marianne
Theatre is preparing for its next act. The Catalytic Fund plans to use its grant
from Duke Energy to begin redeveloping the vacant property into more than 7,500
square feet of new commercial space and, effectively, create two new businesses:
a special events theater and a restaurant that focuses on craft beer and wine.
Once complete, developers envision the project will create four full-time and
four part-time jobs, and spur nearby redevelopment. Center for Great
Neighborhoods $30,000 for Homes for Makers in Covington The Center for Great
Neighborhoods&#39Homes for Makers is critical to the revitalization of
Covington&#39s MLK Corridor &ndashtaking some of the most blighted but
commercially-viable buildings in the area, and turning them into
neighborhood-serving assets. This project, which focuses on three properties on
W. 12th St., aims to restore the buildings to sell to small business owners who
want to live and work at the properties, contribute to a stronger community and
create jobs. The Catalytic Fund $25,000 for Holzhauser Drug Store rehab in
Newport At the corner of Monmouth and E. Tenth streets in Newport stands a
historic building that, like many others, needs some TLC. The Catalytic Fund
plans to use the Duke Energy grant money to begin rehabilitating the
property&#39s exterior to create an attractive and historically accurate facade
at a critical Newport intersection. The building, which has housed everything
from a drug store to a laundromat, is completely vacant, and large enough to be
home to potential businesses like a retail store or an office-based operation
with up to 20 employees. The Catalytic Fund is hopeful that once this building
is brought up to speed, neighboring property owners will see the opportunity to
invest in and update their own properties. The Catalytic Fund $20,000 for 801
Madison Avenue in Covington It&#39s a well-situated corner-lot building that
once housed a Frisch&#39s and other restaurants over the course of its history.
The property, at 801 Madison Ave. in Covington, has stood mostly vacant since
2009. But that will change as The Catalytic Fund continues to hold advanced
conversations with groups looking to move into the high-traffic space. The
Catalytic Fund $20,000 for Second Sight Spirits in Ludlow When the owners of
Second Sight Spirits opened shop in Ludlow, in early 2015, they strived to focus
on the future. Well, the future is here. The business will use its grant money
to begin expanding into the adjacent space on Ludlow&#39s main drag
&ndashallowing Second Sight Spirits to expand its offerings to include bourbon,
tap into the popular and heavily marketed Kentucky Bourbon Trail, and serve as a
gathering space for charity events and other community gatherings. Once the
expansion is complete, Second Sight Spirits will hire six new employees, two
full-time and four part-time.


In the Carolinas, Duke Energy meteorologists keeping a close eye on Hurricane
Matthew

   Oct 04, 2016

   Duke Energy meteorologists continue to monitor the movement of Hurricane
Matthew and are developing up-to-the minute forecasts to help the company plan
and prepare for potential impacts."The latest models show a shift to the west,
which puts the storm on a direct path with the North Carolina coast late Friday
into early Saturday," said Nick Keener, Duke Energy&#39s lead meteorologist.
"It&#39s still too early to determine the exact path of the storm, but based on
today&#39s information, we are asking our power restoration employees to prepare
to travel later this week."Duke Energy has a detailed storm response plan. As
part of our preparation for Hurricane Matthew, we are checking equipment,
supplies and inventories to ensure we have adequate materials to make repairs
and restore power outages. "Staffing plans are underway," said Bobby Simpson,
Duke Energy&#39s storm director for the Carolinas. "Crews across the Carolinas,
Midwest and Florida are preparing and are ready to move to wherever the storm
may affect our customers."&nbsp Important Reminders Prepare emergency kits --
Check your supplies and be sure to have the following items in an easy-to-find
location: Flashlights with extra batteries Portable radio with fresh batteries
First-aid kit Canned or packaged food that can be prepared without cooking or
refrigeration Several days&#39supply of drinking water Portable (and fully
charged) cell phone charger Prescription medication Charge all electronic
devices -- Charge cell phones, computers and other electronic devices in advance
of the storm to stay connected to important safety and response information.
Determine alternative plans -- Families who have special medical needs or
elderly members should closely monitor weather forecasts and make plans for
potential alternate arrangements should an extended outage occur.


Six Greater Cincinnati projects awarded more than $275,000 in Urban
Revitalization grants from Duke Energy

   Mar 02, 2016

   Add six projects to the growing list of grant recipients benefitting from
Duke Energy's Urban Revitalization program in Ohio and Kentucky.The company
today announced the 2015 winners and $275,900 in funding during a program at
Braxton Brewing Company - a 2014 Urban Revitalization grant recipient - in
Covington, Ky. The event also served as a kickoff for the program's 2016 grant
process."We launched Urban Revitalization as a pilot program in 2011," said Jim
Henning, president of Duke Energy Ohio and Kentucky. "We immediately saw the
positive impact it had on our neighborhoods and communities. There's significant
excitement around reinventing our region's urban cores. And we're thrilled to
partner with organizations who share our passion and vision for urban growth."
Since its founding in 2011, The Duke Energy Foundation has awarded $1.3 million
in Urban Revitalization grants to 35 local initiatives. Here are details of the
projects that were awarded grants today. The Catalytic Fund - $42,476 for
Carabello Coffee expansion The Catalytic Fund, a Northern Kentucky
revitalization agency, will use its grant money to spark the expansion of
Carabello Coffee in Newport, Ky., by purchasing and renovating an
1,800-square-foot vacant building on Monmouth St. Carabello will then be able to
expand onto Newport's main thoroughfare - and into the city's central business
district. The project will activate an entire corner of the block at Monmouth
Street and allow Carabello to create three permanent jobs. It will likely have a
ripple effect on other properties along Monmouth as the business currently
attracts more than 1,400 transactions per week. The Catalytic Fund - $30,000 to
restore buildings on E. Fifth Street in Covington, Ky. A $30,000 Urban
Revitalization grant will help The Catalytic Fund restore three buildings on E.
Fifth Street in Covington, Ky. The redevelopment of these structures will create
4,000 square feet of move-in-ready commercial space and five new market-rate
apartments. It will also accommodate local business The Risk Firm's rapid
expansion needs by providing 1,000 square feet of additional office space
adjacent to its existing building. As a result, the company will add four new
jobs to its payroll. Pleasant Ridge Development Corporation - $50,000 to restore
historic movie theater For years, the Pleasant Ridge (Ohio) Development
Corporation (PRDC) has targeted a 7,000-square-foot, historic movie theater on
Montgomery Road for redevelopment. Now, with a $50,000 grant from Duke Energy,
the group can begin restoring the property - removing the boarded-up faÃ§ade,
upgrading the HVAC and water systems, and more - into a boutique movie theater
and community gathering place. PRDC will partner with an established business
that has produced pop-up movie events around the region for the past two years,
and is ready to expand into a permanent location. The project will create 15
full-time jobs, and serve as a catalyst for additional development and job
creation in the surrounding neighborhood. Price Hill Will - $37,424 to restore
heart of Eighth Street corridor in Lower Price Hill The Lower Price Hill
community is on the cusp of redefining itself as a thriving inner city
neighborhood. Duke Energy is optimistic that a $37,424 grant to this nonprofit
development agency will contribute to the area's revitalization. Price Hill Will
will put the grant money toward renovating a building in the heart of the
neighborhood's Eighth Street Business Corridor. The 8th and Depot Project will
create new retail space, six mixed-income live-work units, five new jobs, and
redefine the building's faÃ§ade. This project is seen as the anchor project to
the entire corridor's redevelopment over the next 10-15 years. Walnut Hills
Redevelopment Foundation - $56,000 for redevelopment of the Century Theater and
Durner Building The Walnut Hills Development Foundation will use its $56,000
grant to stimulate the redevelopment of two nationally registered historic
buildings in the Walnut Hills neighborhood of Cincinnati. The buildings, which
have stood vacant for years, have fallen into significant disrepair. When
finished, this centerpiece of the Peebles' Corner historic district will create
a co-working space and 33 permanent jobs in the community. Hamilton County
Business Center - $60,000 for small business coaching and mentoring For the
third consecutive year, Hamilton County Business Center was awarded grant money
from Duke Energy's Urban Revitalization program. This year, the organization
will use its $60,000 grant to provide business coaching for small businesses in
Cincinnati's Mt. Healthy, Cheviot and Westwood communities. Since 2013, the
program has proved successful among small businesses in Price Hill, Northside,
College Hill, East Walnut Hills, Pleasant Ridge and North College Hill.


Kentucky PSC Opens Case To Look At Smart Grid And Smart Meters

   Oct 01, 2012

   The Kentucky Public Service Commission (PSC) initiated an administrative
proceeding to consider the implementation of 'Smart Grid' technologies,
including smart meters, and electric prices that are tied to the time of
usage.In an order issued, the PSC said the proceeding would examine 'all
aspects' of smart grid technologies, including implementation costs, technical
issues and societal impacts.All electric utilities in Kentucky have been made
parties to the case and have been directed to provide information to the PSC.
Kentucky's five major natural gas distribution companies are also participants,
but each has 30 days to request that the PSC remove them from the case. Any
other parties wishing to become an intervenor, or formal participant, in the
case must file a request with the PSC no later than October 30, 2012. David
Armstrong, chairman of PSC, said, "The purpose of this proceeding is to
determine the appropriate course for Kentucky to follow with respect to advanced
technologies collectively known as smart grid. These technologies enable
electric utilities to better manage their systems and may offer customers the
opportunity to closely monitor and adjust their electric consumption." In the
order, the PSC said it also will explore whether the use of smart grid
technologies can be combined with various pricing rate structures to encourage
greater energy conservation and efficiency. The PSC has twice before considered
implementation of smart grid standards or requirements in Kentucky. In 2006, the
PSC considered whether to adopt federal smart grid standards set forth in the
Energy Policy Act of 2005. Adoption of the standards would have required
utilities to offer optional rates that varied with the time of day, as well as
the necessary advanced meters. The PSC chose not to adopt the standards, but
required the five electric utilities with generating facilities in Kentucky to
offer time-based rates to their largest customers. The federal Energy
Independence and Security Act of 2007 required the PSC to again consider the
adoption of federal smart grid standards. In October 2011, the PSC decided to
adopt the federal standard requiring electric utilities to consider the use of
smart grid technologies whenever they invest in their transmission and
distribution systems. However, after considering further issues raised by
utility companies, the PSC, in September 2012, decided to defer a final decision
on the federal standard pending completion of the administrative proceeding it
opened on October 1, 2012. Documents from the earlier case will be incorporated
into the record of the new proceeding. Also included in the case record are two
documents produced jointly by researchers at the University of Kentucky and the
University of Louisville. They include the 'Kentucky Smart Grid Roadmap', which
summarizes their findings, and a lengthier document which presents the data
collected by the researchers. Utilities Included in the smart grid study
Investor-owned electric utilities Duke Energy Kentucky Kentucky Power Co.
(American Electric Power) Kentucky Utilities Co. Louisville Gas & Electric Co.
Electric generation and transmission cooperatives Big Rivers Electric Corp. East
Kentucky Power Cooperative Electric distribution cooperatives Big Sandy Rural
Electric Cooperative Corp. Blue Grass Energy Cooperative Corp. Clark Energy
Cooperative Cumberland Valley Electric Farmers Rural Electric Cooperative Corp.
Fleming-Mason Energy Cooperative Grayson Rural Electric Cooperative Corp.
Inter-County Energy Cooperative Jackson Energy Cooperative Jackson Purchase
Energy Corp. Kenergy Corp. Licking Valley Rural Electric Cooperative Corp. Meade
County Rural Electric Cooperative Corp. Nolin Rural Electric Cooperative Corp.
Owen Electric Cooperative Salt River Electric Cooperative Corp. Shelby Energy
Cooperative South Kentucky Rural Electric Cooperative Corp. Taylor County Rural
Electric Cooperative Corp. Major natural gas distribution companies (can choose
to opt out) Atmos Energy Corp. Columbia Gas of Kentucky Delta Natural Gas Co.
Duke Energy Kentucky Louisville Gas & Electric Co.


Kentucky PSC Approves Energy Conservation Plan For Duke Kentucky

   Jul 02, 2012

   The Kentucky Public Service Commission (PSC) approved the renewal of
residential and commercial energy conservation and efficiency programs for Duke
Energy Kentucky Inc. (Duke Kentucky).In an order issued on June 29, 2012, the
PSC authorized Duke Kentucky to consolidate 13 existing programs for residential
or commercial customers into 10 offerings and to add three new programs. The PSC
also allowed Duke Kentucky to test new small-scale programs without prior PSC
approval, subject to reporting requirements and limitations on cost.Duke
Kentucky's energy conservation and efficiency initiatives are included in the
companies' demand-side management (DSM) programs. In accordance with Kentucky
statutes, the DSM program is funded through a surcharge on customers' bills. The
Duke Kentucky programs meet those tests, the PSC said. Components of the
existing Duke Kentucky DSM programs that will be continued include: Providing
incentives to customers, builders and contractors to install high-efficiency air
conditioners and heat pumps and to improve home insulation. An energy audit
program available to all residential customers. Energy audit, energy efficiency
and weatherization programs specifically tailored to the needs of low-income
customers. Giving bill credits to residential customers who allow the utility to
remotely turn off air conditioners for brief periods during times of peak
demand. Financial incentives for commercial customers to reduce energy usage
through installation of energy-efficient equipment and by reducing usage during
times of peak demand. Energy audits for commercial customers. Energy education
programs for schools, including a new program that will use a live theatrical
production to reinforce classroom lessons on energy efficiency. While approving
the theatrical production program, the PSC did so on a three-year pilot basis
only. Duke Kentucky will have to submit detailed reports and evaluations on the
program and provide information on whether it was successful in encouraging
families to undertake energy efficiency measures. The three new Duke Kentucky
programs approved by the PSC are: Cash incentives of up to $30 per appliance,
with a limit of two per year, for residential customers who recycle inefficient
and old, but functioning, refrigerators and freezers. A program to provide
energy audits and energy conservation assistance in low-income neighborhoods.
Providing residential customers with reports that compare home energy usage in
their homes to that of similar nearby homes and offer suggestions on lowering
energy consumption. The PSC also authorized Duke Kentucky to initiate pilot
programs in energy conservation without prior PSC approval. However, any such
programs must be limited in cost and approved in advance by the members of its
DSM collaborative group. In June 29, 2012's order, the PSC also approved revised
surcharges to better reflect program costs and allocation of those costs among
different customer classes. A customer using 1,000kWh per month will see the
surcharge increase by about $1.80 per month. The application to renew the
programs was submitted by Duke Kentucky with the support of its DSM
collaborative group, with the exception of the Kentucky Office of Attorney
General.


Duke Energy Ohio And Duke Energy Kentucky Successfully Integrates Into PJM

   Jan 03, 2012

   PJM Interconnection, L.L.C (PJM) successfully assumed operational control of
the transmission systems of Duke Energy Ohio, Inc. and Duke Energy Kentucky,
Inc., both subsidiaries of Duke Energy Corporation, and began administering
open, competitive wholesale electricity markets in those areas.With the
integrations, PJM's all-time peak demand would have been 163,848 MW. PJM now
includes 185,600 MW of generating capacity and more than 62,000 miles of
transmission lines. The generators in PJM can produce more electricity than
Canada and Mexico combined.


Kentucky PSC Approves Conservation Plan For Duke Kentucky

   Jun 08, 2011

   The Kentucky Public Service Commission (PSC) approved an expansion of
residential energy conservation and efficiency programs for Duke Energy
Kentucky, Inc. (Duke Kentucky). The PSC authorized Duke Kentucky to continue 11
existing programs for residential, commercial or industrial customers and to
initiate a Residential Smart Saver program in conjunction with the Kentucky
Housing Corp. (KHC). The PSC also approved revised surcharges that will result
in lower bills for residential customers.Duke Kentucky's energy conservation and
efficiency initiatives are included in the company's demand- ide management
(DSM) program. In accordance with Kentucky statutes, the DSM program is funded
through a surcharge on electric and natural gas bills.A utility is required to
demonstrate that its DSM program is cost-effective. As a whole, residential
Smart Saver and the 11 ongoing components of Duke Kentucky's DSM program meet
that test, the PSC said. The Residential Smart Saver program will be implemented
in conjunction with KHC's Kentucky Home Performance program. The KHC program is
intended to both improve energy efficiency and boost the home improvement
market. Duke Kentucky will offer financial incentives of as much as $250 to
cover a portion of the cost of attic insulation, air sealing, duct sealing and
tune-ups for central air conditioning equipment and heat pumps. It also will
offer incentives to install high-efficiency heat pumps or air conditioners in
both new and existing homes. The Residential Smart Saver program will carry no
maximum or minimum income restrictions. Other elements of Duke Kentucky's DSM
program offer energy efficiency assistance to lower-income customers in the form
of direct installation, rather than incentives. Ongoing components of the Duke
Kentucky DSM program include: â[#x20ac]" Energy audits â[#x20ac]" Energy
education â[#x20ac]" Energy bill assistance â[#x20ac]" Promotion of the use of
energy-efficient light bulbs â[#x20ac]" Financial incentives to customers who
allow Duke Kentucky to remotely turn off air conditioners for brief periods
during the summer monthsand â[#x20ac]" Financial incentives for commercial and
industrial customers to reduce energy usage. Duke Kentucky said in its
application that the 11 existing programs reduced usage by nearly 19 million kWh
last year. While expanding its DSM program, Duke Kentucky also is lowering the
surcharges assessed on residential electric and natural gas bills to better
reflect program costs and allocation of those costs among different customer
classes. The surcharge on electric bills will drop from 0.18 cents per kWh to
0.15 cents per kWh. The DSM surcharge on residential natural gas bills will
decline by about 58 cents per 1,000 cubic feet, going from 74.8 cents to 16.5
cents.


Duke Energy Ohio And Duke Energy Kentucky Propose Switch To PJM

   May 20, 2010

   Duke Energy Corporation (Duke Energy) has announced plans to change the
membership of Duke Energy Ohio, Inc. (Duke Energy Ohio) and Duke Energy
Kentucky, Inc. (Duke Energy Kentucky) from the Midwest Independent System
Operator (Midwest ISO) to PJM Interconnection LLC (PJM). A filing will be made
with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), which oversees wholesale
electricity markets, seeking approval to transfer the Duke Energy Ohio
transmission assets from the Midwest ISO to PJM.Keith Trent, group executive and
president of commercial businesses at Duke Energy, said: Joining PJM will bring
long-term benefits for Duke Energy's Ohio customers because it puts all Ohio
utilities in the same wholesale market, where customers will benefit from the
same wholesale and retail market rules. Because our Kentucky generation is
connected to our Ohio transmission system, the move to PJM will also bring
long-term benefits to our Kentucky customers.Duke Energy's commercial business
segment operates 7,600MW of wholesale generation, primarily in the Midwest. Six
of those plants are co-owned with Dayton Power & Light and American Electric
Power, both of which are members of PJM. Having all power plant owners in the
same regional transmission organization - subject to the same price and market
signals - will also assist in outage and maintenance planning. There are no
plans to move Duke Energy Indiana, Inc. from the Midwest ISO to PJM.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2017


                              508 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                                January 30, 2017

                      Pennyrile Rural Electric Cooperative

                      2000 Harrison Street, P.O. Box 2900
                               Hopkinsville 42241
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Pennyrile Rural Electric Receives Grant of USD3.1 Million for Fort Campbell
Solar Power Plant in Kentucky, US

   4/24/2013 12:00:00 AM

   Pennyrile Rural Electric Cooperative, a Kentucky based cooperative, engaged
in distribution of electricity, has received a grant of USD3.1 million for the
construction and development of Fort Campbell solar power plant situated in Fort
Campbell, Kentucky, US. The grant was provided by Kentucky Energy and
Environment Cabinet. The total installed capacity of the solar power plant is 5
MW. The total cost of the power plant is expected to be USD19.5 million. The
investment per MW will be USD3.9 million. The solar power plant is expected to
produce approximately 6,651 MWh a year, enough electricity to power about 460
average households.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Investments
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017


                              509 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Invests Over $300 Million to Help Hundreds of Small Businesses
Improve Energy Efficiency, Adopt Renewable Energy Systems

LENGTH: 1017 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is investing more than $300 million to help hundreds of small
businesses across the country save money on their energy costs by adopting
renewable sources or implementing more efficient energy options. Vilsack made
the announcement at Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center in Austin, Texas, today
during a meeting with several local business owners who will make use of these
loans and grants.





 "Cutting our energy waste is one of the fastest, easiest and cheapest ways to
help families save money on their energy bills while reducing harmful carbon
pollution. Over the course of nearly eight years, the Obama Administration has
taken strong actions to advance energy efficiency in our homes and businesses,"
Vilsack said. "Through efficiency upgrades and private-sector partnerships,
America has been able to cut its carbon emissions, create jobs and save families
hundreds of dollars at the pump and on their utility bills every year. The Rural
Energy for America Program alone has helped roughly 15,000 rural small
businesses, farmers and ranchers improve their bottom lines by installing
renewable energy systems and energy efficiency solutions. When businesses lower
their energy costs, they are also able to expand their services and contribute
to stronger local economies."



 Nationwide, USDA is investing $237 million to support 423 businesses through
the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP). Recipients will use the loans and
grants to install renewable energy systems such as biomass, geothermal,
hydropower and solar. The funds also may be used to make energy efficiency
improvements to their heating, ventilation and cooling systems; insulation; or
lighting and refrigeration units.



 USDA is investing nearly $80 million for energy projects in Texas today,
building on the $100 billion commitment USDA has made in the Lone Star State
over the course of the Obama Administration. USDA's initiatives support the
state's farmers and ranchers, ensure the availability of affordable housing,
create jobs and promote economic opportunity for those who live, work and raise
their families in rural areas.



 Nine Texas businesses will receive more than $870,000 in REAP grants today, and
two businesses will receive loans of $5 million each. In Austin, the Vickery
Wholesale Greenhouse Inc. is receiving a $28,238 REAP grant to install a 40.32
kW roof-mounted solar array. The electricity produced from this new installation
will offset the company's annual energy consumption with an expected output of
198 million BTUs.



 Vilsack also announced that Pedernales Electric Cooperative of Johnson City,
Texas, received an Energy Efficiency and Conservation Loan Program (EECLP) loan
of more than $68 million to fund system-wide energy efficiency improvements to
assist a rural portion of the co-op's service territory. Pedernales' energy
efficiency program will offer members low-interest loans of up to $20,000 for
solar photovoltaic and energy storage equipment. Members will make loan payments
through on-bill financing. The EECLP was created in November 2013 and has issued
nearly $127 million in loans to cooperatives in Arkansas, North Carolina and
Vermont.



 Pedernales received its first Rural Electrification Administration loan on
Sept. 27, 1938, with the help of then Congressman Lyndon B. Johnson. USDA's
Rural Utilities Service, which administers EECLP, succeeded the Rural
Electrification Administration in 1994.



 Other examples of REAP projects receiving awards today include Inter-State
Hardwoods in Bartow, W.Va., which is getting a $237,331 grant to replace four
wood-fired boiler systems. This is expected to decrease energy consumption by 39
percent - 876,000 kWh - per year. Inter-State is a sawmill and wood processor
specializing in hardwoods. Minnesota's Chippewa Valley Ethanol Cooperative, LLP
is receiving a $250,000 grant to make energy efficiency improvements to an
evaporator at an ethanol refinery.



 From 2009 to date, REAP has helped finance more than 11,600 renewable energy
and energy efficiency projects that have reduced energy costs for roughly 15,000
rural businesses. Among them is GrandyOats, an organic foods company located in
a former elementary school in Hiram, Maine. In 2015, it received a $20,000 REAP
grant to install a renewable energy system. In doing so, the company has made
history, becoming Maine's first 100 percent solar-powered, net-zero food
production facility. Its 228-panel, solar photovoltaic system generates 96,000
kWh of electricity annually. The company's focus on renewable energy encompasses
all parts of the production process, from cooking to heating and more.



 USDA has provided more than $380 million in grants and almost $688 million in
loan guarantees to agricultural producers and rural small business owners since
the start of the Obama Administration. When operational, these projects will
generate or save almost 9 million megawatt hours - enough to power more than
750,000 homes and reduce greenhouse gas emissions by more than 5 million metric
tons in carbon dioxide each year. That is the equivalent of removing 1.5 million
cars from our roads.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly
9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million
rural residents and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963
electric projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: USDA Invests Over $300 Million to Help Hundreds of Small Businesses
Improve Energy Efficiency, Adopt Renewable Energy Systems

LENGTH: 1017 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) is investing more than $300 million to help hundreds of small
businesses across the country save money on their energy costs by adopting
renewable sources or implementing more efficient energy options. Vilsack made
the announcement at Lady Bird Johnson Wildflower Center in Austin, Texas, today
during a meeting with several local business owners who will make use of these
loans and grants.





 "Cutting our energy waste is one of the fastest, easiest and cheapest ways to
help families save money on their energy bills while reducing harmful carbon
pollution. Over the course of nearly eight years, the Obama Administration has
taken strong actions to advance energy efficiency in our homes and businesses,"
Vilsack said. "Through efficiency upgrades and private-sector partnerships,
America has been able to cut its carbon emissions, create jobs and save families
hundreds of dollars at the pump and on their utility bills every year. The Rural
Energy for America Program alone has helped roughly 15,000 rural small
businesses, farmers and ranchers improve their bottom lines by installing
renewable energy systems and energy efficiency solutions. When businesses lower
their energy costs, they are also able to expand their services and contribute
to stronger local economies."



 Nationwide, USDA is investing $237 million to support 423 businesses through
the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP). Recipients will use the loans and
grants to install renewable energy systems such as biomass, geothermal,
hydropower and solar. The funds also may be used to make energy efficiency
improvements to their heating, ventilation and cooling systems; insulation; or
lighting and refrigeration units.



 USDA is investing nearly $80 million for energy projects in Texas today,
building on the $100 billion commitment USDA has made in the Lone Star State
over the course of the Obama Administration. USDA's initiatives support the
state's farmers and ranchers, ensure the availability of affordable housing,
create jobs and promote economic opportunity for those who live, work and raise
their families in rural areas.



 Nine Texas businesses will receive more than $870,000 in REAP grants today, and
two businesses will receive loans of $5 million each. In Austin, the Vickery
Wholesale Greenhouse Inc. is receiving a $28,238 REAP grant to install a 40.32
kW roof-mounted solar array. The electricity produced from this new installation
will offset the company's annual energy consumption with an expected output of
198 million BTUs.



 Vilsack also announced that Pedernales Electric Cooperative of Johnson City,
Texas, received an Energy Efficiency and Conservation Loan Program (EECLP) loan
of more than $68 million to fund system-wide energy efficiency improvements to
assist a rural portion of the co-op's service territory. Pedernales' energy
efficiency program will offer members low-interest loans of up to $20,000 for
solar photovoltaic and energy storage equipment. Members will make loan payments
through on-bill financing. The EECLP was created in November 2013 and has issued
nearly $127 million in loans to cooperatives in Arkansas, North Carolina and
Vermont.



 Pedernales received its first Rural Electrification Administration loan on
Sept. 27, 1938, with the help of then Congressman Lyndon B. Johnson. USDA's
Rural Utilities Service, which administers EECLP, succeeded the Rural
Electrification Administration in 1994.



 Other examples of REAP projects receiving awards today include Inter-State
Hardwoods in Bartow, W.Va., which is getting a $237,331 grant to replace four
wood-fired boiler systems. This is expected to decrease energy consumption by 39
percent - 876,000 kWh - per year. Inter-State is a sawmill and wood processor
specializing in hardwoods. Minnesota's Chippewa Valley Ethanol Cooperative, LLP
is receiving a $250,000 grant to make energy efficiency improvements to an
evaporator at an ethanol refinery.



 From 2009 to date, REAP has helped finance more than 11,600 renewable energy
and energy efficiency projects that have reduced energy costs for roughly 15,000
rural businesses. Among them is GrandyOats, an organic foods company located in
a former elementary school in Hiram, Maine. In 2015, it received a $20,000 REAP
grant to install a renewable energy system. In doing so, the company has made
history, becoming Maine's first 100 percent solar-powered, net-zero food
production facility. Its 228-panel, solar photovoltaic system generates 96,000
kWh of electricity annually. The company's focus on renewable energy encompasses
all parts of the production process, from cooking to heating and more.



 USDA has provided more than $380 million in grants and almost $688 million in
loan guarantees to agricultural producers and rural small business owners since
the start of the Obama Administration. When operational, these projects will
generate or save almost 9 million megawatt hours - enough to power more than
750,000 homes and reduce greenhouse gas emissions by more than 5 million metric
tons in carbon dioxide each year. That is the equivalent of removing 1.5 million
cars from our roads.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly
9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million
rural residents and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963
electric projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Times of Central Asia

                           January 30, 2013 Wednesday

Rural Kyrgyz profit from support by Rural Advisory Service

LENGTH: 530  words


Currently many rural Kyrgyzstanis live with subsistence farming, cultivating and
growing their own gardens.  And for those with a surplus harvest, it can also be
a source of an additional income.  Thoroughbred cattle breeding may also bring
income.

"The rural residents still have low income from agriculture," said the expert
Maripa Amankulova.  "Farmers need to learn advanced and innovative technologies
that increase income and develop production. "The Rural Advisory Service (RAS),
an organization that provides assistance and support based on the needs of
farmers, was established in Kyrgyzstan at the initiative of the Kyrgyz
Government and joint support from the Swiss Cooperation Agency and the World
Bank.  Currently, the Rural Advisory Service has more than 75,000 customers.
Year after year, thanks to international donors, farmers acquire knowledge on
sustainable agriculture.

Maripa Amankulova said that RAS successfully introduces various practices in
different regions.  In particular, RAS has assisted to introduce innovations to
improve the quality of the local coarse-wooled sheep in the Chui and Talas
regions.  Work on agricultural products marketing is conducted in the Issyk-Kul
region.  Practices for the rational use of soil and water in order to improve
the productivity of dry lands were introduced in the Jalal-Abad region.
Rational management of water resources and development of Water Users
Association are introduced in the Osh region.

The Batken RAS actively demonstrated the creation and development of an
agricultural cooperative.  Small grants to increase the fertility of soil and
perennial and potato seeds became regular in the Naryn region.  In general,
around 207 consultants provide advice services throughout the country.  Akylbek
Ibrayev, a farmer from the Kok-Jar village of the Naryn region, is grateful to
the RAS for the knowledge he received regarding potato growing.

Today he consults the villagers on conditions necessary for growing quality
potatoes and he created a 500 ton potato storage. Kushpek Beyshenkulov, chairman
of the agricultural cooperative from the village of Kumdobo, said that members
of the cooperative with support from the Rural Advisory Service have learned to
get high yields of apples and pears, as well as to grow seed potatoes.

The At-Bashy region of Naryn oblast is an area of risky agriculture: short cool
summers, and long cold winters.  Only few people here grow herbs and vegetables
in the open ground.  However, a villager Shailoobek Isayev after RAS trainings
has learned to grow excellent cabbage, carrots, bell peppers, tomatoes,
cucumbers, and garlic.

Kyrgyz Prime Minister Jantoro Satybaldiyev came to see the rich harvest. "I use
only organic fertilizers and grow green products," said Isayev.  And the
governor of the At-Bashy region Aykomush Jakybekov believes that the organic
farming has a great future. "Our advice - your success" is the motto of RAS.
Today the Service puts new goals in the cattle breeding industry, the rational
use of pastures and marketing.

Photo: The Rural Advisory Service helps Kyrgyz farmers acquire knowledge on
sustainable agriculture (by Irina Bairamukova)

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Times of Central Asia
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The New Age (South Africa)

                             March 9, 2017 Thursday

\c\SPG 9 NC GDP growth down

BYLINE: TIISETSO MANOKO

LENGTH: 527 words


THE provincial economy continued to decline and therefore putting a strain on
the already high rate of unemployment, Statistic South Africa has said.

Statistician General Pali Lehohla revealed that the province recorded a 0.9%
decrease during the 2015 financial year.

He said the province needed to create more economic opportunities to enable
investors to start coming to the province which will ultimately create
employment especially among young people.

Mining , agriculture and tourism in the province are regarded as the major
economic driving factors that have the ability to create jobs especially in
rural communities.

"The main contributors to increased economic activity in 2016 were finance, real
estate and business service," he said.

Meanwhile the MEC of finance, economic development and tourism Mac Jack said the
provincial government would be investing more in infrastructure projects with
key focus of assisting small business which would be at the center of such
projects.

"These investments create jobs and they have a broader value underpinning the
Northern Cape's economic growth goals and furthering our reputation as a safe,
stable place for business," he said.

Jack was delivering the provincial budget speech last week , where he urged
support for informal traders was very important.

"We will have an intensified monitoring , capacity building and intervening
system, where necessary to ensure that we conform to legislation and policy
directives,"he said.

The report by Statistic South Africa comes barely a week after the debate in the
State of the Province Address in Warrenton which was centered around the growth
of the economy of the province.

The MEC of social development Gift van Staden said the provincial growth and
development strategy serves as a blue print that can radically change the lives
of ordinary people.

He said all stakeholders needed to take full responsibility in ensuring that the
triple challenges of poverty, unemployment and inequality were tackle head on
across the province.

Van Staden also called on the private sector to come on board in advancing
development in rural areas.

"Local empowerment and greater spending on corporate social investment will
remain central on our developmental agenda," he said.

Center to her State of the Province Address last week, Lucas announced that the
supporting of informal traders was critical in making sure that the economy of
the province was boosted and stable to create much needed jobs across the
province.

She announced that informal traders and cooperatives across the province will be
assisted with grant funding through the economic growth and development fund.

"We are also exploring the feasibility of the establishment of an automotive
incubator for the township economy, we will also be working with the Small
Enterprise Development Agency," she said.

She said they were working around the clock to unlock the potential of small
business , cooperatives and township as well as rural enterprises.

"Numerous small businesses received support from the provincial government and
other state entities over the period under review,".

tiisetsom@thenewage.co.za

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 TNA Media (Pty.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            September 2, 2001 Sunday

Local/Area Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Pg. a17

LENGTH: 465 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES


Colesburg garners USDA funding

Iowa will receive more than $$ @1.5 million from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, said Thursday.

"I'm pleased the USDA can continue to assist these communities that struggle to
find the necessary funds for fire, medical and child-care services and
facilities," Grassley said.

Colesburg is one of 10 Iowa communities that will receive grants from the Rural
Housing Service. The program assists areas in developing essential community
facilities in areas of high unemployment and economic depression. The total
awarded to Iowa communities is $$ @1,271,600.

Iowa State University also will receive $$ @300,000 through the Rural
Cooperative Development Grant program to help create and retain jobs in rural
areas.

Receiving grants are: Lansing Housing Corp., $$ @300,000; Spillville $$
@191,800; Rolfe $$ @167,500; Ridgeway $$ @150,000; Alta Vista $$ @147,100; Lime
Springs $$ @110,000; Searsboro $$ @88,300; Colesburg Commercial Club $$ @74,200;
Jefferson County $$ @23,500; and New Liberty Fire Department $$ @19,200.

Caregiver courses scheduled

LANCASTER, Wis. - The Grant County Center on Aging is conducting a series of
caregiver courses, beginning Sept. 10.

The six-week caregiver workshop is intended for family members or friends
suffering from chronic conditions such as a stroke, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's or
other aging infirmities, will take place from 9:30 a.m. to noon on successive
Mondays at the Center on Aging conference room on Wisconsin 35/U.S. 61 south of
Lancaster.

Class participants will receive a textbook and printed materials.

The course is open to individuals who are not professionally paid caregivers.

The course is designed to provide caregivers with resources to:

* Handle difficult situations, emotions and decisions.

* Reduce personal stress.

* Communicate effectively with other family members, doctors and paid help.

* Practice self-care.

* Reduce guilt, anger and depression.

* Reduce tension and relax.

* Make difficult decisions.

* Set goals and solve problems.

The workshop is limited to 15 caregivers. For more information or to register,
call the center at 800/514-0066 or 608/723-6113.

UD group praises Belcastro

The Student Government Association of the University of Dubuque recently named
Frank P. Belcastro, professor of education and psychology, as the 2000-01
Teacher of the Year.

Full-time students at the University of Dubuque nominated candidates for the
award. The criteria used by each student were positive contributions to the
university witnessed by the student and a description of how the professor had
made an impact on that student while at the university.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              514 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                            March 2, 2016 Wednesday
                               Townsville Edition

Emma 'worthy winner' of rural award

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 146  words


CHARTERS Towers grazier Emma Robinson (pictured) has picked up one of
Queensland's top rural awards.

Mrs Robinson of Caerphilly Station, 140km south of Charters Towers, won the
Rural Industries Research and Development Corporation Queensland Rural Women's
Award last week. Her prizes -include a $10,000 project -bursary.

AgForce Cattle President Bim Struss said Mrs Robinson was a worthy winner.
"Recently Emma was awarded the Churchill Scholarship for investigations into
beef co-operatives and her new bursary will be used to promote Queensland family
farm co-operatives and to help them to be more efficient and -competitive," Mr
Struss said."Her investigations have highlighted the capacity of supply chain
collaborations to overcome many of the disadvantages of limited scale and the
consequent imbalances of market consolidation - issues of critical relevance in
Queensland."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Townsville Bulletin


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            August 29, 2015 Saturday

NMSU teams up with University of Arizona to train Mexican universities in
extension

BYLINE: By Adriana M. Chávez adchavez@nmsu.edu

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 938 words


LAS CRUCES &GT;&GT; New Mexico State University's Cooperative Extension Service
has partnered with the University of Arizona to help several Mexican
universities increase their capacity to develop and deliver extension programs
in rural communities throughout Mexico.

Members of the NMSU team, along with the rectors and representatives of 19
Mexican universities, traveled to Washington, D.C., in early August to meet with
representatives from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and congressional staff.
Since then, the NMSU team has made site and training visits to the University of
Chihuahua, University of Guanajuato and four University of Guadalajara campuses.

The program, called Project REINU, or Red De Extensicn e Innovacicn Nacional
Universitaria, has been in the works for about a year and has spread rapidly
throughout Mexico.

"The basic concept of REINU has been a 15-year conversation between Mexico and
the U.S., championed by Dr. David Hansen (of NMSU)," said Paul Gutierrez, a
professor and extension specialist in the NMSU College of Agricultural, Consumer
and Environmental Sciences' Department of Agricultural Economics and
Agricultural Business. "Dr. Hansen's vision was for a Mexican extension model
sustainable beyond the next government, and one that makes a real and
substantive impact on rural poverty in Mexico. Dr. Hansen believed, as many of
us do, that a university-led extension model is the key to a sustainable Mexico
extension model   REINU. Dr. Hansen also recognized that positive rural
development in Mexico, led by university-based extension programs, could be the
most effective immigration policy for Mexico and the U.S."

Mexico's secretary for agriculture, livestock, rural development, fisheries and
nutrition, or SAGARPA (Secretarca de Agricultura, Ganaderca, Desarrollo Rural,
Pesca y Alimentacicn), is also supporting Project REINU and is funding the
initiative.

"We have been sharing best practices of the land-grant model with our Mexican
university colleagues in an intentional effort to help them institutionalize
REINU Extension work on their campuses and in their rural communities,"
Gutierrez said. "We originally started with six universities and ended up with
19 universities with seven hub universities."

Both NMSU and the University of Arizona are land-grant universities.

Recently, Project REINU has expanded to a total of 52 universities, Gutierrez
said. The rapid expansion leaves room for more U.S.-based universities to get
involved, provided the Mexican government continues its commitment to the
project. Officials from the University of Arizona have said the goal is to
include 80 universities in Project REINU by 2018.

"REINU is an example of a bridge in binational education and extensions," said
Cristina Morcn Mirabal, the project's coordinator at the University of
Guadalajara. "It's a long and difficult to cross bridge, but is a really
necessary bridge for all the rural communities in Mexico. This is the reason why
all the universities that are participating along with the government have as a
flag the commitment to serve and improve the opportunities of all these rural
communities."

So far, teams from NMSU and the University of Arizona have visited Mexico
several times to learn about youth and agricultural programs there, and
representatives from universities of Mexico have visited NMSU and the University
of Arizona to attend training sessions and learn more about extension.

Mexican Deputy Secretary of Rural Development Juan Manuel Verdugo Rosas said his
country's partnership with NMSU and the University of Arizona will help with
strategies, tools and technologies that will improve the quality of life in
rural communities. As a result of the partnership, the public and private
Mexican universities have helped 57 rural communities in 14 states in Mexico and
have directly benefitted 10,000 producers, Verdugo Rosas said.

Verdugo Rosas also pointed out that 57 coordinators, 166 researchers and
teachers and more than 600 university students in Mexico have participated in
Project REINU.

Gutierrez said the project's initial focus is on youth development, with the
hope that it will eventually gain the trust and interest of parents in rural
communities. In April, representatives from the University of Chihuahua visited
the NMSU campus to learn about research, instruction and extension. They visited
NMSU's Experiment Stations and observed crop and livestock research, learned how
the NMSU County Extension office operates and the programs it offers, and spent
time observing and interacting with 4-H youth faculty, members and volunteer
leaders in order to gain an understanding of the 4-H program.

Eduardo Medina, the small farm and ranch outreach coordinator for NMSU's
Cooperative Extension Service Economics and Economic Development, said Project
REINU will take advantage of Mexico's culture of volunteerism, which comes from
Mexico's requirement that every college student obtain 480 hours of community
service by their last semester in school. Medina said he hopes freshmen students
will eventually train others when they become seniors.

The project will also eventually include student participation on the U.S. side.
One of the first NMSU students on board is Kimberly Salinas, a track athlete who
will be a freshman in the fall studying athletic training.

"As a student, you want to learn how to be involved and have leadership
experience helping people," Salinas said. "Through this experience, I think it
will be the best way to learn rather than reading about it."

For information about Project REINU, contact Gutierrez at urquijo@nmsu.edu

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Representatives from universities in Mexico attended a training session
in April at New Mexico Sate University to learn more about Project REINU, a
partnership between NMSU and the University of Arizona to create a
university-based extension service in Mexico.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Waterloo Courier, Iowa

                            October 4, 2005, Tuesday

USDA awards grants

LENGTH: 266 words



WASHINGTON, D.C. --- The U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of Rural
Development, has awarded $ 1.28 million to 14 Iowa companies. The grants are
available through the Value-Added Agricultural Product Market Development
program.

In Northeast Iowa, the grants will benefit:

--Winneshiek Wildberry Winery in Decorah, $ 30,000, to assist in the initial
phase of operation of a fruit and vegetable wine production facility, including
supplies and packaging materials.

--Delaware County Meats in Dyersville, $ 74,250, to market gift boxes of pork
products to businesses and individuals within a 150-mile radius.

--Loren and Dianna Engelbrecht of Fredericksburg, $ 26,500, to assess the
feasibility of operating a winery and brewery.

--Farmers Cooperative in Marble Rock, $ 100,000, to assess the feasibility of
building a 30 million gallon biodiesel plant.

--Golden Grain Energy in Mason City, $ 150,000, to purchase corn for an ethanol
plant.

U.S. Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, created the value-added grant program
through an amendment to crop insurance legislation passed in 2000. He then he
worked to expand the program in the 2002 farm bill.



-----

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com. Copyright (c) 2005, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: OO-USDA-GRANTS-20051004

JOURNAL-CODE: OO

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                     Copyright 2005 Waterloo Courier, Iowa


                              517 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 28, 2008 Thursday

Street work to draw business to downtown

BYLINE: Leslie Richardson, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 507 words


Aug. 28--MAHANOY CITY -- After a $400,000 renovation project, walking will be
more pleasant in the borough's business district.

Pavement replacements, low-mounted lighting, benches, planters and trees are
part of the project as well as decorative crosswalks with simulated red brick
asphalt and bulb-outs -- circular additions to the four corners of Main and
Centre -- at the intersection.

Street paving and handicap ramp replacements are also included. Heim
Construction, Saint Clair, was awarded the contract for the work.

According to Borough Manager Jerry Teter, funding comes from several sources,
including a $198,000 grant through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development and a $96,000 grant through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Rural Business Development program. The balance of funding comes from the
Hometown Streets/Safe Routes to School program.

The improvements are part of Phases I and II of the five-phase streetscape
project.

Work began July 25 and, according to Teter, will be completed by Oct. 31.

Currently, Centre Street from First to Locust streets and Main Street from
Centre to Market is the area targeted for improvement.

"We are starting with the central business district right now and will continue
on as money comes available," Teter said. "We are hoping the streetscape will
revitalize the downtown, bringing business back to vacant spots and also help
the businesses that are already there bring in more customers."

He said residents and business owners, including residents of Mahanoy Elderly
Housing, are being cooperative with the efforts.

"Those people in the middle of the construction are being extremely cooperative
and the construction company is making every effort to accommodate the people
and businesses."

Teter said the borough expects to have Centre Street from Fourth to B streets
and Main Street from the railroad bridge to Spruce street completed in the five
phases.

"We are currently searching for funding options for the next phase," Teter said.

Similar projects around the county are either under way, completed or in the
planning stages.

Shenandoah completed Phase I of its project and Phase II is expected to begin by
fall. A $500,000 grant application was submitted to the state Department of
Community and Economic Development and is being reviewed.

Tamaqua's $2.4 million project was completed over a two-year period with the
last of the work being finished earlier this year.

Frackville recently completed Phase II of the borough's more than $350,000
streetscape project and has just advertised for bids on lighting to complement
the pavement work.

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Republican & Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080828-RN-Street-work-to-draw-business-to-downtown-0828

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                                 Copyright 2008


                              518 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                              June 12, 2011 Sunday

HCTC Selects the Calix B6 ESAN for Broadband Stimulus Project

LENGTH: 476  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, June 12 -- Calix, Inc. (NYSE:CALX) today announced that Broadband
Stimulus award winner Hill Country Telephone Cooperative (HCTC) has selected the
Calix B6 Ethernet Service Access Nodes (ESANs) to move Fiber Forward in Texas
Hill Country. HCTC will pull 151 miles of fiber optic cable deep into its
network and leverage asynchronous digital subscriber line 2 plus (ADSL2+) over
the remaining last mile copper to bring advanced broadband services to more than
550 subscribers in the most rural parts of its serving area. HCTC's Broadband
Initiatives Program (BIP) award totals $12.2 million in overall funds and
consists of an $8.5 million grant and a $3.7 million loan, which includes plant
engineering, materials, labor, and other costs, including access equipment.

"Broadband is the key to future rural economic development in our area, and
we're excited about the new opportunities that this project will bring to our
subscribers," said Delbert Wilson, general manager of HCTC. "We have been
extremely focused to date in bringing broadband services to our rural members,
but there were some folks that we just couldn't reach economically. With this
Stimulus assistance and flexible access solutions from Calix, we'll be able to
bring advanced high-speed broadband services to our entire service area."

One of the largest independent operating companies (IOCs) in Texas with over
15,000 access lines and 6200 DSL customers, HCTC has been deploying the B6 ESAN
widely in its network for nearly four years for voice and high-speed data
services. Already approaching 90% broadband coverage, HCTC's Stimulus project
will extend broadband service capability to 100 percent of its cooperative
members, enabling advanced broadband service speeds of up to 20 megabits per
second (Mbps) via ADSL2+ technology.

"Delbert Wilson has always been a champion of broadband services for rural
communities, and has position HCTC to bring advanced Internet access to its most
remote subscribers," said John Colvin, vice president of field operations at
Calix. "This deployment will bring new opportunities to thousands of subscribers
in HCTC's rural communities. Calix is honored to have been chosen to be a part
of this important initiative, and is excited to be helping HCTC to continue to
move Fiber Forward."

With today's announcement, aggregate Calix vendor selections by Broadband
Stimulus winners for "last mile" and "middle-mile" awards have now reached 51
different projects representing approximately $944 million in Stimulus-related
grants, loans, and private investment for plant engineering, materials, labor,
and other costs, including access equipment Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Community Vegetable Farming for Livelihood Improvement (formerly Sustainable
Vegetable Farming for Smallholders)

LENGTH: 593  words


Project Status:Proposed
Sector / Subsector: Agriculture and Natural Resources
- Agriculture, natural resources and rural development
Timetable: Concept Clearance 06 Oct 2016
Fact Finding 03 Aug 2016
to 03 Aug 2016
MRM 15 Sep 2016
Last PDS Update 28 Sep 2016
Source of Funding / Amount:Grant: Community Vegetable Farming for Livelihood
Improvement (formerly Sustainable Vegetable Farming for Smallholders)To be
determinedUS$ 3.00million
Description:




Support for the preparation of the project was requested by GOM~s MOFALI through
discussions during the Country Programming Missions in 2015. The project is
included in the Country Operations Business Plan for Mongolia, 2014 2016. The
primary objective of the proposed grant is to improve rural livelihoods,
particularly for small farmers and cooperatives with landholding of up to 5
hectares (ha), through income generation and diversification of diet, which will
be supported by improved productivity in vegetable farming and seed production.
The proposed grant will support the government~s effort of reducing the reliance
of import vegetables and vegetable seeds.
Project Rationale and Linkage to Country/Regional Strategy


Vegetable seed production is not very productive in Mongolia. This means low
income for vegetable farmers and high reliance on imported products, which also
threatens national food security. There are about 300 entities and cooperatives
that operate vegetable production on farming plots of up to 5 ha. 80% of the
field works such as planting, post plant processing, harvesting, and grading for
6,000 ha are handled manually. Insufficient mechanization in many different
stages caused high labor demand and costs. Lack of water-saving technologies
result in the wasteful water use for irrigation. Insufficient storage facilities
make lives of vegetables and their seeds limited; hence, it reduces
profitability of small farmers and cooperatives who do not own proper storage
facilities. Mongolian weather with short summer limits crop season short, which
result in the highly seasonal availability of vegetables and their price
fluctuations and reliance on imported vegetables. Weak capacity of vegetable
seed production is also a problem facing the sector.
The new government has a goal to supply increase domestic supply of seed
production up to 80-100% of overall demand by 2020. This project will support
the government's effort of reducing the reliance of import vegetables and their
seeds. Currently 44% of domestic seed needs are produced locally within the
country; this figure has dwindled further due to the severe drought faced last
year when seed production dropped by 10% compared to last year's data. Seed
producers are slowly moving towards more commercial production of crops and
agricultural products, such as honey and dairy, further reducing local
production of basic fruits and vegetables that make up the core diet.

Project completion date : 2018-12-30 12:00:00
Major organization : MINISTRY OF FOOD, AGRICULTURE, AND LIGHT INDUSTRY (MOFALI)


Address : Ministry of Food, Agriculture, and Light Industry (MOFALI)
Strategic Planning and Policy Department
MOFALI, Peace Avenue, Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia

Country :Mongolia
Financier : ASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB),

Financier address : Asian Development Bank (ADB)
6 ADB Avenue,
Mandaluyong City 1550,


Philippines
Tel : +63 2 632 4444
Fax : +63 2 632 4444
https://www.adb.org /


East Asia Department,
Environment, Natural Resources & Agriculture Division, EARD,
Responsible ADB Officer:Tirmizi, Shahbano

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Urban Primary Health Care Services Delivery Project - Additional Financing

LENGTH: 350  words


Project Status:Proposed
Sector / Subsector: Health
- Health system development
Timetable:
Concept Clearance -05 Aug 2016
Fact Finding-01 Feb 2017 to 06 Feb 2017
Last PDS Update-09 Aug 2016
Source of Funding / Amount:Grant: Urban Primary Health Care Services Delivery
Project - Additional Financing
To be determined-US$ 20.00millionLoan: Urban Primary Health Care Services
Delivery Project - Additional Financing
Asian Development Fund US$ 130.00million
TA: Urban Primary Health Care Services Delivery Project - Additional Financing
To be determined US$ 1.00million
Description: The PPTA will (i) assist the Government of Bangladesh to design the
additional financing project that is a continuation of the ongoing Urban Primary
Health Care Services Delivery Project and fully aligned with the National Urban
Health Strategy (2014); (ii) undertake thorough due diligence; and (iii) ensure
project readiness.


Project Rationale and Linkage to Country/Regional Strategy : The proposed
additional financing is a follow-up to the ongoing third phase Urban Primary
Health Care Services Delivery Project (UPHCSDP) that will close in June 2017 and
builds on the now 18-years partnership with the Local Government Division (LGD),
Ministry of Local Government, Rural Development and Cooperatives, Government of
Bangladesh, which provides primary health care services to the urban population,
specifically women and children, the poor and vulnerable.
Project completion date : 2019-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : MINISTRY OF LOCAL GOVERNMENT, RURAL DEVELOPMENT, AND
CO-OPERATIVES

Address : Rural Development and Cooperatives
Room 632, Bldg 7
Block-B, Dhaka-1207

Country :Bangladesh
Email : lgminister@lgd.gov.bd,lgsecretary@lgd.gov.bd

Url : www.lgd.gov.bd/

Financier : ASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB),

Financier address : Asian Development Bank (ADB),
South Asia Department
Plot E-31, Sher-e-Bangla Nagar,
Dhaka 1207, Bangladesh, GPO Box No. 2100
Tel. +880 2 5566 7000
Fax. +880 2 9117925 to 26
Website : http://www.adb.org /bangladesh/
Human and Social Development Division, SARD,
Responsible ADB Officer:Brian Chin

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Journal

                           December 13, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Fund to help dairy farmers;
DAIRY

BYLINE: Iain Laing

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 419 words


THE Government has launched a £5m fund aiming to help dairy farmers develop more
market opportunities and obtain better prices for their milk.

The scheme, for farmers in England, will allocate grants to help farmers work
together to seek out new market opportunities.

Defra is consulting on new rules which would allow English dairy farmers to come
together to form producer organisations able to sell their combined milk to
processing companies rather than negotiate individually.

Farming minister David Heath said: "England's dairy industry is worldleading yet
still has so much potential to expand, and I'm convinced that better industry
collaboration is the key. "We've already got the industry code of practice, and
negotiating as groups rather than individuals will give dairy farmers an even
louder voice to get their just rewards from the marketplace.

"Our £5m dairy fund will also allow producers to develop other means of
cooperation and grab business opportunities with both hands."

Defra is carrying out a six-week consultation on the best way to implement the
European Union's Dairy Package in England. Separate consultations will be held
in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.

Producer organisations for dairy farmers are already common in other EU
countries. Defra believes that if they are introduced here, they could cover up
to a third of UK production, negotiating on behalf of members. The UK currently
imports £1.2bn more dairy produce than it exports, and there is huge potential
for growth in domestic and overseas markets.

The £5m dairy fund, offered through the Rural Development Programme for England,
will allow farmers to apply for £25,000 minimum grants.

Defra said the money could be used to cover costs to set up the new cooperation
structures, such as producer groups and cooperatives, and invest in technology
to take advantage of new market opportunities.

Mr Heath announced the initiative during a visit to the Isle of Wight Dairy
Group, which has led the way in the industry following funding from Defra's
Rural Development Programme for England to set up an innovative farm cooperative
.

The cooperative, the first of its kind in England, brings together 17 of the
island's dairy farmers to produce and market Isle of Wight-branded milk to
around 30 local retailers.

Defra has organised roadshows so ministers can hear firsthand about rural issues
from communities and businesses.

Negotiating as groups rather than individuals will give dairy farmers an even
louder voice to get just rewards

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLLECTIVE A new £5m fund would allow dairy farmers to form
organisations to sell milk to processing companies rather than negotiate
individually

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2012 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          February 15, 2003, Saturday

CASH BOOST FOR FARMERS' FORUM

BYLINE: DAVID MCCOY

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 283 words


TWO cash awards to Strabane Farmers' Forum have been welcomed.

James Emery, a UUP member of Strabane District Council, welcomed the awards,
made at the launch of the Strabane Local Strategy Partnership European Union
Peace II funding project.

A grant of pounds 50,000, awarded under Measure 3:1, is to encourage the
development of farmers' groups, collective and co-operatives with Strabane
District Council area and assist farmers to develop their skills and to fully
participate in rural development programmes.

A further award, of pounds 89,596, under Measure 3:2, is to help develop a
strategic approach to the development of family farms in the Strabane district.

Mr Emery said: "Using the farmers' forum as a base point, the project aims to
develop a variety of locally-based training and development initiatives,
specifically for the next generation of farming families.

"Working with this section of the rural population, a range of activities will
be developed to meet the training and development gaps that currently exist."

Mr Emery added that the project also aimed to build the capacity of participants
to ensure their further participation in local community activity and in future
decision-making, not just in the local area, but beyond as well.

"This is tremendous news for the local hard-pressed farming industrt in an area
which is almost totally dependent on the farming industry," he said.

"The farmers are the custodians of our countryside and must not be allowed to
disappear.

"Many of the wards in the council area have a high measure of depravity in the
noble principles and this funding is a much-needed boost at this crucial time."

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              523 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                    Lyon County Reporter (Rock Rapids, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 18, 2013

USDA Rural Development invests $498 million in rural Iowa in 2013

BYLINE: Lyon County Reporter staff

LENGTH: 966  words


Funding helps create or retain 1,000 jobs, assist 2,600 families purchase homes
and support 60 communities with improvements to facilities, services and
infrastructure

DES MOINES, Iowa-During the past year a relatively small mission area within the
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has assisted thousands of rural lowans by
helping bring nearly half a billion dollars to rural Iowa to support community
and economic development projects throughout the state.

USDA Rural Development invested $498 million into rural Iowa in 2013 to develop
home ownership opportunities, as well as wide variety of job-creation and
community-improvement projects and activities.

For instance, USDA Rural Development funds were used to build a road in Warren
County to support an expanding small business, helped the City of Corwith plan
for a new fire station, developed an indoor farmers' market facility in Ot-tumwa
and will assist with the upcoming remodeling and expansion at Floyd Valley
Hospital in Le Mars.

"Our focus is on the viability of rural communities which are so vital to our
state and nation," said Bill Menner, USDA Rural Development State Director in
Iowa. "These are the places that help support American agriculture and foster an
ethic that impacts our workforce, our military and our economy. We are working
with communities to create jobs, expand opportunity, encourage innovation and
build a strong foundation for the future."

In 2013, USDA Rural Development funding, through 40 direct loan, guaranteed loan
and grant programs, helped 2,600 rural Iowa families purchase homes, created or
retained more than 1,000 jobs, and assisted 60 communities with improvements to
facilities, services and infrastructure.

This fall a groundbreaking ceremony was held at the future home of C& L
Companies' new warehouse and distribution and testing facility in rural Warren
County. USDA Rural Development provided a $1 million rural economic development
loan to assist with the expansion project.

Additionally, a $280,000 rural economic development grant helped make upgrades
to the roadway near the warehouse and distribution facility. C&L Companies is a
manufacturer of after-market motorcycle component parts. The project is
estimated to create 14 new jobs.

Access Energy Cooperative used nearly $800,000 in USDA rural economic
development grants and loans (REDLG) in 2013 to create a revolving loan fund
that the Henry County Health Center used to purchase health information
technology (HIT) equipment for the surgical and outpatient departments.

Many recipients of USDA Rural Development's 2013 rural business enterprise
grants (RBEG) are supporting local foods efforts. Cass County used an $11,554
technical assistance grant to help develop sustainable and economically
successful local foods systems that support farm-based businesses and
entrepreneurs in the county.

Ottumwa Progress Inc. received a $62,676 grant to assist with construction
costs, as well as the purchase of equipment for an educational and commercial
kitchen area in an indoor farmers' market facility helping small and emerging
businesses. Winneshiek County Agricultural Extension District received a $48,000
grant to help purchase a refrigerated delivery truck and provide technical
assistance to northeast Iowa food producers and processors through a food hub
delivery and marketing service.

In addition to generating jobs, USDA Rural Development investments are also
creating ongoing economic opportunities in rural America that will pay benefits
for years to come.

The City of Bloomfield received $2 million in loan and grant funds to help
establish an emergency connection to Rathbun Regional Water Association's newly
completed water treatment plant in case the city would need to access additional
water in the future. The plant was supported by $20 million in USDA Rural
Development loan funds and can treat six million gallons of water per day.

"We are very happy to be a partner with all the communities we serve as they
work hard to make investments thatwill impact many future generations," Menner
added. "We also enjoy working with communities on much smaller projects that
provide an outstanding opportunity for residents to work together and experience
success. Many times, this success leads to bigger community-improvement
initiatives."

This year USDA Rural Development awarded grants of $50,000 or less to 29
communities including the City of Blockton to help purchase a fire truck, the
City of Floris to assist with upgrades at their fire station and to Wayne County
Hospital to purchase a 3-D ultrasound machine and viewing station.

Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested nearly $3 billion in rural Iowa
on essential public facilities, small and emerging businesses, water and sewer
systems and housing opportunities for Iowa families.

Further information on programs available through USDA Rural Development is
available by calling (515) 284-4663 or by visiting the agency's web site at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/ia.

USDA Rural Development has 11 offices across the state to serve the 1.7 million
lowans living in rural communities and areas. Office locations include a State
Office in Des Moines, along with Area Offices in Albia, Atlantic, Humboldt,
Indi-anola, Iowa Falls, Le Mars, Mount Pleasant, Storm Lake, Tipton and Waverly.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LYC

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Lyon County Reporter


                              524 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Leahy, Sanders, Welch: VT Nets $2.3 Million For Rural Development

LENGTH: 810  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Patrick Leahy, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT) and Congressman
Peter Welch (D-VT) Friday announced $2.3 million in funding for rural
development in Vermont. The funding, under the new Farm Bill, has been awarded
to 13 organizations across the state through 16 grants and loans by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) and will be utilized to foster job growth,
economic development and community initiatives.

In a joint statement, Leahy, Sanders and Welch said: "These investments
represent important commitments to growing rural small businesses and renewable
energy in Vermont.  From funding for farm fresh food in schools to developing
renewable on-farm biogas, the USDA continues to show strong support for rural
development.

Leahy added, "I'm also pleased that Vermont's REAP Zone status again is making a
difference in the Northeast Kingdom."

Leahy, the senior most member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, championed
the 2000 creation and 2014 renewal of Vermont's Rural Economic Area Partnership
(REAP) Zone in the 2014 Farm Bill, a designation that recognizes the unique
social and economic challenges in the rural communities of Caledonia, Essex and
Orleans Counties.  Vermont's REAP Zone is one of only five in the country, and
the designation increases the chances that a grant or loan application from the
region is funded. The Northeast Vermont REAP Zone has helped to channel millions
of investment dollars to the Northeast Kingdom.  Nine organizations receiving
awards were selected because of Vermont's Rural Economic Area Partnership Zone.

The announcement was made at the Intervale Community Farm in Burlington, Vt., by
United States Deputy Secretary of Agriculture Krysta Harden. The Intervale
Community Farm has benefited from these types of grants that have helped
Intervale Community Farm Cooperative Owner Andy Jones to connect with thousands
of consumers through direct sales.

Below is the list of the Vermont grants and loans:

Burke Area Chamber of Commerce:  $69,000 grant to increase awareness of the
Burke Area as a recreational destination.
    Center for Agricultural Economy (Hardwick):  $71,921 grant to conduct an
update of the regional food system plan focusing on business opportunities.
    Northern Community Investment Corporations (NCIC) (St. Johnsbury):
$1,000,000 Intermediary Relending Program Loan to make loans to small
businesses.  $100,000 grant to help businesses transition from fossil fuels to
biomass heating. $100,000 grant to create a business plan and establish
priorities for broadband in the Northeast Kingdom.  $250,000 grant to provide
technical assistance to small businesses.
    Northern Forest Center Inc. (Concord,NH): $100,000 grant to develop and
align tourism offerings in the Northeast Kingdom by providing social media,
marketing and communications training.
    Rutland Regional Planning Commission: $45,000 grant to create a training
toolkit focused on best practices, business how-to, legal and financial info for
agritourism entrepreneurs.
    Saint Johnsbury Works Inc.: $76,160 grant to target market-needed
businesses, provide support services for the Lamoille Valley Rail Trail, upgrade
the downtown organization website, create an economic development dashboard, and
strengthen organizational management.
    Sterling College (Craftsbury Commons):  $25,499 grant to hire an internship
development coordinator to help small businesses understand the tax and
insurance implications of paid interns.
    Vermont Agency of Agriculture:  $97,433 grant to study using gas produced by
manure digesters to create on-farm renewable natural gas (RNG) to power
on-and-off-farm vehicles and machinery.
    Vermont Council on Rural Development: $100,000 grant to conduct four
community visits across the Northeast Kingdom to help bring communities together
and set community and economic development priorities.
    Vermont Farm-to-school Inc. (Newport):  $102,010 grant to expand the
viability of agricultural-related businesses by increasing marketing and
distribution opportunities to schools and institutions.
    Vermont Housing and Conservation Board:  $129,998 grant to provide in-depth
business planning services, through the Farm Viability Program, to farm, food
and forest-based businesses throughout Caledonia, Essex and Orleans Counties.
    Vermont State Colleges:  $32,501 grant to fund an eCommerce business advisor
to provide technical assistance and manage, teach, and develop broadband
business workshops.
    West River Community Project (Townshend):  $50,000 grant to purchase
commercial equipment for a small community kitchen in the West Townshend Country
Store.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                 March 11, 1994

Home agency to spend record £33m in the North

BYLINE: Graeme Smith

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 384 words


SCOTTISH Homes, the national housing agency, has announced its spending plans
for Scotland over the next year.

A record £33m is to be spent in the Highlands and Islands and Grampian, money
which will generate a further £30m from the private sector.

The agency will spend more than £3m in the north on the repair and maintenance
of its houses and 90% on development funding investment through grants to
housing associations, co-operatives, developers, and individuals.

Mr Stuart Nicol, Scottish Homes district manager, said the investment would be
targeted to people and areas of greatest need.

In the North, there are plans to provide 680 houses for rent through housing
associations and co-operatives and private landlords, while 720 houses will be
built for sale.

They will be offered through low cost home ownerhsip, shared ownership, and by
grants to allow people to build their own homes in rural areas.

About £6.8m will be invested in Aberdeen and £2.6m of that will provide housing
for rent through housing associations.

More than £24m will be used to improve rural housing conditions and increase the
supply and widen the choice of housing.

Tayside and Fife will receive £48.5m, with a further £20m expected to be
generated from the private sector.

The investment involves £41.2m of development money through grants to housing
associations, co-operatives, developers, and individuals and £7.3m on the repair
and maintenance of of its houses.

Almost £25m of the development funding budget will be spent on schemes under
construction or recently approved contracts, with £16m available for new
contracts to be approved during the year.

About £15m will be invested in Dundee, continuing the regeneration of the inner
city, the Whitfield area, Mid Craigie, and Beechwood.

About £18m will be invested in Dunfermline, Kirkcaldy, Leven, and Buckhaven in
Fife and Perth, Arbroath, Forfar, and Montrose in Tayside.

New investment will provide a start for 1270 new or improved homes throughout
the Tayside and Fife area.

More than £14m will be spent to improve housing in Central region. New
developments include schemes in Drymen, Balfron, and three projects in
Callander. In Stirling, 70 homes will be built for rent and sale.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1994 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              526 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday

P14.8-M grant to help co-ops revive Kalinga coffee industry

BYLINE: LEANDER C. DOMINGO

LENGTH: 378 words


SOURCED FROM CURRENT GLOBAL NEWSPAPERS AND JOURNALS

TABUK CITY, Kalinga: In a move to revive the dying coffee industry here, five
cooperatives have been granted P14.8 million in assistance through the
Philippine Rural Development Program (PRDP).

Juliana Aclam, assistant provincial agriculturist, said the pooled assistance
from the PRDP and national and provincial governments will be utilized for
coffee processing and marketing enterprise, particularly on green coffee bean
trading.

"The project in collaboration with the provincial local government aims to
explore a partnership engagement on the processing and marketing of specialty
coffee," Aclam added.

She said this is a potential add-on to Kalinga Coffee Cluster (KCC), an approved
enterprise development sub-project under the PRDP.

The beneficiaries are Dupligan Farmers Multi-Purpose Cooperative, Tanudan
Savings and Lending Cooperative, Mananig Multi-Purpose Cooperative, Gawidan
Malin-awa Marketing Cooperative and Nambucayan Agricultural Cooperative.

Aclam said the World Bank through the PRDP will provide P6.3 million in loan
proceeds for Kalinga Integrated Coffee Processing and Marketing industry while
the national government will contribute P1.7 million and the provincial
government, P1.7 million and P5 million in equity.

The KCC has approved the P14.8-million project cost for the integrated coffee
processing and marketing as a sub-project under PRDP's enterprise development
component.

The PRDP's business model covers only production, pre-processing and
consolidation of green coffee beans, the industry name for raw, unroasted
coffee.

Meanwhile, the Department of Agriculture-Cordillera Regional Field Office has
distributed seven pieces of machinery to seven farmers' association with a total
value of P2.6 million.

Bakir Corn Vegetable Farmers Association in Rizal town received one unit mobile
corn mill.

A hammer mill each was given to Rizal's Timpuyog Farmers Association and
Ammacian Land Reform Farmers Association in Pinukpuk town.

A cassava pulverizer was given to Mabaca Rural Improvement Club and a cassava
chipper to Baccong Rural Improvement Club, both in Tanudan town.

A cassava granulator went to Tabuk's Atop Organic Practitioner and coffee
depulpers each to Tabuk and Tinglayan.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: English

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Political/General News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           December 13, 2012 Thursday

BYLINE: Karen Dent

SECTION: A; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 420 words


THE Government has launched a £5m fund aiming to help dairy farmers develop more
market opportunities and obtain better prices for their milk.

The scheme, for farmers in England, will allocate grants to help farmers work
together to seek out new market opportunities.

Defra is consulting on new rules which would allow English dairy farmers to come
together to form producer organisations able to sell their combined milk to
processing companies rather than negotiate individually.

Farming minister David Heath said: "England's dairy industry is world- leading
yet still has so much potential to expand, and I'm convinced that better
industry collaboration is the key.

"We've already got the industry code of practice, and negotiating as groups
rather than individuals will give dairy farmers an even louder voice to get
their just rewards from the marketplace.

"Our £5m dairy fund will also allow producers to develop other means of
cooperation and grab business opportunities with both hands."

Defra is carrying out a six-week consultation on the best way to implement the
European Union's Dairy Package in England. Separate consultations will be held
in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.

Producer organisations for dairy farmers are already common in other EU
countries. Defra believes that if they are introduced here, they could cover up
to a third of UK production, negotiating on behalf of members.

The UK currently imports £1.2bn more dairy produce than it exports, and there is
huge potential for growth in domestic and overseas markets.

The £5m dairy fund, offered through the Rural Development Programme for England,
will allow farmers to apply for £25,000 minimum grants.

Defra said the money could be used to cover costs to set up the new cooperation
structures, such as producer groups and cooperatives, and invest in technology
to take advantage of new market opportunities.

Mr Heath announced the initiative during a visit to the Isle of Wight Dairy
Group, which has led the way in the industry following funding from Defra's
Rural Development Programme for England to set up an innovative farm cooperative
.

The cooperative, the first of its kind in England, brings together 17 of the
island's dairy farmers to produce and market Isle of Wight-branded milk to
around 30 local retailers.

Defra has organised roadshows so ministers can hear firsthand about rural issues
from communities and businesses.

Negotiating as groups rather than individuals will give dairy farmers an even
louder voice to get  just rewards

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            December 3, 1996 Tuesday

BYLINE: Bob Link

LENGTH: 229 words


A $3.1 million U.S. Department of Agriculture rural development loan will help
the Burleigh Waters Users Cooperative expand its rural water system to 428 new
residential customers. The expansion will continue a project that connects the
cooperative's rural water system to Bismarck's potable water facility. The rural
system serves more than 1,100 residential users and four bulk users. Doug
Neibauer, manager of the Burleigh Water Users Co-op, said the timing on the loan
approal is good news. ""We are relieved that this money is coming through in
time to begin construcion ight away next spring.'' The 1997 construction would
establish a system that will carry water to Menoken, McKenzie, Sterling,
Bristol, Baldwin and several subdivisions in Bismarck. Funding for the project
is being proposed through the Bureau of Reclamation and the Garrison Conservancy
District in the form of a 65 percent grant from the Municipal Rural & Industrial
water supply program. In addition to the USDA loan, a $250,000 loan from the
Bank of North Dakota and applicant contributions of $163,500 has been secured.
The existing system experiences low pressure, and users are forced to ration
supplies during high-use times. The situation will be alleviated with the
connection to the Bismarck supply. The $3.1 million USDA loan more than doubles
previous federal funding, which was $1.5 million.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1996 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Waterloo Courier, Iowa

                            January 1, 2006, Sunday

Gladbrook, Iowa, corn dryer will benefit co-op

BYLINE: By Matthew Wilde

LENGTH: 978 words



GLADBROOK -- Liquid propane fueled the old corn dryer at the Mid-Iowa
Cooperative in Gladbrook, but money was being burned.

That is not the case anymore. With the help of a U.S. Department of Agriculture
Rural Development energy grant, the co-op replaced the outdated dryer last
September with a new energy-efficient one.

Now, co-op officials said more corn can be dried faster at a lower cost, which
will trickle down to members in the form of larger dividends and better service.

Thirty-seven projects in Iowa received $ 5.7 million in Renewable Energy Systems
and Energy Efficiency Improvement grants in 2005. In Northeast Iowa, four
recipients received the latter to upgrade grain drying systems --- three farmers
and Mid-Iowa Cooperative based in Beaman, with 10 other locations in northeast
and central Iowa.

Local grants ranged from $ 6,930 to $ 26,896 to area farmers and $ 143,987 to
Mid-Iowa. The intent of the grant is to help reduce the country's energy
consumption and improve net farm income.

Without the assistance, recipients probably couldn't afford to modernize their
operations. Norman Brus, a business and cooperative specialist with USDA Rural
Development in Waverly, said taxpayer money is being put to good use.

"The intent is to produce energy from nonpetroleum sources and reduce
consumption," Brus said. "For (new) grain dryers, it will cost less to dry a
bushel of corn compared to before."

Money in farmers' pockets, Brus said, will keep people in business. The added
income will most likely be re-invested in the recipients' operations and spent
in the community.

"If a farmer saves money on electricity and LP, that's more money they make and
can be spent elsewhere," Brus said.

That is certainly the case in Gladbrook. The co-op used the money to help
purchase a $ 280,000 GSI Tower Dryer that can dry 4,700 bushels of corn an hour.
It replaces a 25-year-old dryer that was supposed to handle 3,000 bushels an
hour, but could really only handle 1,200 bushels.

This was particularly troublesome during harvest. Corn deliveries were often
prematurely cut off to allow the dryer to catch up. The business also paid more
overtime to employees, who needed to monitor the old unit longer.

An energy audit comparing the old dryer with the capabilities of the new one
during an average year showed the new unit will pay for itself in 2.6 years.
That's more than $ 100,000 a year in electrical and LP savings under current
prices.

"We can handle more grain, generate more revenue --- which will go back to
members --- through efficiency and better use of people," said Mark
Kistenmacher, general manager of Mid-Iowa Co-op. "I think the company will be
more profitable, which will help the local community and our customers."

Today's grain dryers compared to those made a quarter-century ago are like night
and day, grain equipment dealers say. Modern units continuously monitor the
moisture content of corn and automatically adjust the temperature as needed.
This saves LP, the primary corn drying fuel.

Since corn was dry coming out of the fields this past harvest, the co-op only
dried 130,000 bushels, a very low number compared to most years.

Last year's savings weren't available. Mid-Iowa also used the grant money to
help install a new aeration system in a bin, and will install another dryer like
Gladbrook's at another location this year.

Scott Phillips, owner of Phillips Modern Ag Co. in New Hampton, which sells
grain dryers, said new dryers compared to those built in the early 1980s are 25
percent to 50 percent more efficient.

"It's just like furnaces for homes, everything is more efficient. Better fans,
heaters and computer controls to regulate moisture content instead of relying on
the temperature of the grain," Phillips said.

One of his customers looked into the grant program last year, Phillips said, but
decided not to pursue it. Brus hopes that's an isolated case.

For farmers willing to spend several hours filling out the grant application,
which includes proof of financial need and potential energy savings, Brus said,
the effort is worth it. For qualified applicants, chances of receiving a grant
are good. Last year, 82 percent of those who applied in the state received
money.

Brus said farmers can do it themselves, though Kistenmacher suggests hiring a
grant writer to make the process easier. Brus suggests farmers don't buy and
install a dryer before turning in their application because that will make it
appear they could afford it even without the grant. It is only for replacement
purposes.

Besides grain dryers, the energy efficiency grants could be used to replace
livestock building fans, heaters or insulation upgrades. A grant pays up to 25
percent of the project's cost, not to exceed $ 250,000.

"Anything that can be upgraded to save energy in a farming operating is
eligible," Brus said. Residential applications are not covered.

The estimated deadlines for applications this year are March 3 and June 5. Brus
expects a similar amount of funds will be awarded in the state this year, though
half will be earmarked for guaranteed loans unlike in year's past. That means
less money will be available for grants, so Brus suggests farmers get
applications in by the first deadline.

Applications can be downloaded from the USDA Rural Development's Web site at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/ia/. Or, call Brus at (319) 352-1715.


-----

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com. Copyright (c) 2006, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: OO-CORN-DRYER-20060101

JOURNAL-CODE: OO

               Copyright 2006 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                     Copyright 2006 Waterloo Courier, Iowa


                              530 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                            March 29, 2003, Saturday

CREAMERY RECEIVES POUNDS 4M AID

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 551 words


A pounds 4 MILLION support package for McLellands cheese-making operations in
Stranraer, which will create 44 new jobs and safeguard a further 94 jobs, has
been announced.

More than half the total sum - pounds 2.8 million - is to come from Regional
Selective Assistance and the remainder, pounds 1.2 million, from Scottish
Executive Environment and Rural Affairs Departments Agriculture, Processing &
Marketing Grant Scheme

The funds will form part of a new pounds 13m investment in cold storage and
cheese packing facilities for the McLelland Group, owners of McLelland Cheese
Packing and McLelland Caledonian Cheese Company.

Previous funding to the creamery over the last two years from the Executive has
included pounds 60,000 for organic cheese and butter-making and pounds 325,000
for new evaporation equipment.

Announcing the package, Ross Finnie, Rural Development Minister, said: "Apart
from the jobs which will be created, a co-operative of 700 dairy farmers supply
this creamery and securing this vital development on the site is an investment
for the dairy sector as a whole."

This is the latest expansion and development of the cheese-making operations at
Stranraer since McLelland took over management in 1994.

At that time the creamery at Stranraer, previously owned and operated by the
Scottish Milk Marketing Board, was failing and McLelland came in to ensure the
continued manufacture of Cheddar Cheese and provide an outlet for milk produced
in Ayrshire and South West Scotland.

The new McLelland Caledonian Cheese Company Ltd was incorporated in 1995 with A
McLelland & Son Ltd, Murray Vernon Holdings, and the Farmers Creamery
Co-operative Ltd (a producers' co-operative comprising 700 farmers) forming in
partnership.

The company obtains milk for the Stranraer Creamery directly from dairy
producers in Wigtownshire, and milk producer groups including First Milk. A
range of branded cheddar cheeses are produced, including Seriously Strong (now
one of the top selling-branded United Kingdom cheddars), Galloway and McLelland
Mature. Supermarket own label cheddars are also made for all the major multiple
retailers.

As well as the shareholding in Caledonian Cheese Company, McLelland & Son have
an interest in both Scottish Milk Products Ltd, with cheese creameries at
Campbeltown, Arran and Rothesay, and Orkney Cheese Company Ltd. The Campbeltown
and Rothesay Creameries have received pounds 784,000 in financial support from
the Scottish Executive within the last two years.

It is proposed to build a new 10,000-tonne cold store within the existing site
at Stranraer, made up of four fire protected units of 2,500 tonnes each. The
pounds 1.2m grant assistance, under SEERAD's Agriculture Processing & Marketing
Grant Scheme, has been made towards the cost of building and equipping the new
cold store. This should create five new jobs.

A McLelland & Son Ltd is establishing a separate subsidiary company, McLelland
Cheese Packing Ltd (MCP), to pre-pack cheese for The Caledonian Cheese Company
Ltd. The project is expected to create 39 full-time jobs within MCP and also
safeguard 94 jobs within Creamery.

MCP is to erect a new 3,000sq m high-specification building into which
state-of-the-art plant and equipment will be installed.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              531 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                 March 16, 1998

Village shop that has everyone in its corner

BYLINE: Jennifer Cunningham

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 774 words


It took just two months and seven days for the people of Gartmore in
Stirlingshire to save their village shop. Probably the fastest community co
-operative venture to be established in Scotland, it is a classic example

of the growing band of

community-run shops.

The crisis came when the previous owner, Ken Archibald, gained planning
permission to turn it back into a house, having failed to sell it as a going
concern. A meeting called at the end of October attracted 100 worried residents
and nearly as many different ideas as on the future of the shop, from opening a
food

co-operative in the village hall

to getting a better bus service

to Aberfoyle.

David Teed volunteered his services for the steering group and with the help of
Stirling Council's business executive, drew up a feasibility study into the
different options. "At that time I did not think the villagers would be able to
buy the existing shop, which had been on the market at $ 46,000 for two years,"
he said.

Buying it became a possibility once it was established that a shop could qualify
for a grant from Leader II (one of the mechanisms for funding rural projects
from the European Regional Development Fund) as long as it was not for profit.
There are several community shops in Wales which have been funded with a Leader
II grant, but the Gartmore village shop was the first in Scotland.

With $ 20,000 of European money, it became a safer project for the people of the
village to invest in. They raised $ 28,000 by dipping into their own pockets to
buy shares, which, with a grant of $ 2000 from Stirling Council who had also
provided advice, and the services of the local community worker who became a
member of the management committee, brought their kitty to $ 50,000 - enough to
buy the premises but not all of the stock, which they had to take out a small
loan to cover.

Their big break in stocking the shop, however, came from their

co-operative status. They have now been accepted as a corporate member of the
Co-operative Wholesale Society by the main board in Manchester which means that
they can take their pick from the Scottish Co-op's range of goods and benefit
from its distribution service, which charges a fixed rate, unlike other
suppliers who pass on their costs to out-of-the-way shops.

Martin Meteyard, chief development officer for CWS-Scottish Co-op, has offered
advice from his staff in the area as well as an interest-free loan of $ 10,000
for a year to buy stock. It gives the management committee leeway to provide
goods at a price low enough, and in a range wide enough to keep customers from
driving to the supermarket too often.

"The Gartmore shop is the most viable one we have looked at so far," says
Meteyard, who is currently considering applications from two other rural
communities and one in an urban area. "It is an area of high unemployment where
other shops have pulled out and the one or two which remain charge monopoly
prices," he says, acknowledging that in many respects the people there face
exactly the same problems as those in a small village without good transport
links.

Until now, community shops have been confined to the Highlands and islands and
the long-established ones, many of which started in the 80s, are at Ollaberry in
Shetland, on the Orkney islands of Papa Westray and Eday and Harris, Eriskay and
Barra in the Western Isles, and the villages of Appin and Laggan in the
Highlands.

With small shops increasingly squeezed between the supermarkets and the chains
of convenience stores which open long hours, Martin Meteyard expects to see more
communities in the central belt seek alternative ways of supporting their local
shops.

In some cases the shop under threat has even been a branch of the Scottish Co
-op. That was the case in the village of Airth near Falkirk, where it was no
longer viable in terms of the standards the Co-op requires, but became viable
when run by local people putting in some voluntary labour. "To be a success,
these shops have to be community-led with some form of voluntary effort. In some
cases it might be staffed by volunteers, while in others, like Gartmore, it
would rely on a voluntary management committee."

Staff in the Gartmore Village Shop will be paid the going rates, says David
Teed, helped by the fact that the Post Office salary will go into the kitty to
help pay the wages of the four assistants who have been trained to carry out
Post Office as well as shop duties.

Already the Post Office hours have been extended and they will soon hire videos
and remain open until 7pm - by popular request.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Counter attack: shop manager Grace Wilson with her assistants, Julie
McCrone and Janet Woodburn.

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                Copyright 1998 Scottish Media Newspapers Limited


                              532 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                 March 16, 1998

Village shop that has everyone in its corner

BYLINE: Jennifer Cunningham

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 774 words


It took just two months and seven days for the people of Gartmore in
Stirlingshire to save their village shop. Probably the fastest community co
-operative venture to be established in Scotland, it is a classic example

of the growing band of

community-run shops.

The crisis came when the previous owner, Ken Archibald, gained planning
permission to turn it back into a house, having failed to sell it as a going
concern. A meeting called at the end of October attracted 100 worried residents
and nearly as many different ideas as on the future of the shop, from opening a
food

co-operative in the village hall

to getting a better bus service

to Aberfoyle.

David Teed volunteered his services for the steering group and with the help of
Stirling Council's business executive, drew up a feasibility study into the
different options. "At that time I did not think the villagers would be able to
buy the existing shop, which had been on the market at $ 46,000 for two years,"
he said.

Buying it became a possibility once it was established that a shop could qualify
for a grant from Leader II (one of the mechanisms for funding rural projects
from the European Regional Development Fund) as long as it was not for profit.
There are several community shops in Wales which have been funded with a Leader
II grant, but the Gartmore village shop was the first in Scotland.

With $ 20,000 of European money, it became a safer project for the people of the
village to invest in. They raised $ 28,000 by dipping into their own pockets to
buy shares, which, with a grant of $ 2000 from Stirling Council who had also
provided advice, and the services of the local community worker who became a
member of the management committee, brought their kitty to $ 50,000 - enough to
buy the premises but not all of the stock, which they had to take out a small
loan to cover.

Their big break in stocking the shop, however, came from their

co-operative status. They have now been accepted as a corporate member of the
Co-operative Wholesale Society by the main board in Manchester which means that
they can take their pick from the Scottish Co-op's range of goods and benefit
from its distribution service, which charges a fixed rate, unlike other
suppliers who pass on their costs to out-of-the-way shops.

Martin Meteyard, chief development officer for CWS-Scottish Co-op, has offered
advice from his staff in the area as well as an interest-free loan of $ 10,000
for a year to buy stock. It gives the management committee leeway to provide
goods at a price low enough, and in a range wide enough to keep customers from
driving to the supermarket too often.

"The Gartmore shop is the most viable one we have looked at so far," says
Meteyard, who is currently considering applications from two other rural
communities and one in an urban area. "It is an area of high unemployment where
other shops have pulled out and the one or two which remain charge monopoly
prices," he says, acknowledging that in many respects the people there face
exactly the same problems as those in a small village without good transport
links.

Until now, community shops have been confined to the Highlands and islands and
the long-established ones, many of which started in the 80s, are at Ollaberry in
Shetland, on the Orkney islands of Papa Westray and Eday and Harris, Eriskay and
Barra in the Western Isles, and the villages of Appin and Laggan in the
Highlands.

With small shops increasingly squeezed between the supermarkets and the chains
of convenience stores which open long hours, Martin Meteyard expects to see more
communities in the central belt seek alternative ways of supporting their local
shops.

In some cases the shop under threat has even been a branch of the Scottish Co
-op. That was the case in the village of Airth near Falkirk, where it was no
longer viable in terms of the standards the Co-op requires, but became viable
when run by local people putting in some voluntary labour. "To be a success,
these shops have to be community-led with some form of voluntary effort. In some
cases it might be staffed by volunteers, while in others, like Gartmore, it
would rely on a voluntary management committee."

Staff in the Gartmore Village Shop will be paid the going rates, says David
Teed, helped by the fact that the Post Office salary will go into the kitty to
help pay the wages of the four assistants who have been trained to carry out
Post Office as well as shop duties.

Already the Post Office hours have been extended and they will soon hire videos
and remain open until 7pm - by popular request.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Counter attack: shop manager Grace Wilson with her assistants, Julie
McCrone and Janet Woodburn.

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1998 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              533 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Independent (Lagos)

                                August 10, 2014

FG, Ifad Increase Support to Rural Financing By N6 Billion

BYLINE: Chibuzor Emejor

LENGTH: 294 words

DATELINE: Abuja


The Federal Government and the International Fund for Agricultural Development
[IFAD] have increased financial support to the Rural Finance Institution
Building Programme (RUFIN) to the tune of N6 billion.

Deputy National Co-ordinator of RUFIN, Uneku Ufaruna, disclosed this on Friday
at a meeting on the presentation of the reports on skill gaps/training needs of
cooperatives inspectors of the state departments of cooperatives, held in Abuja.

Ufaruna explained that the initial take-off grant from IFAD was $27.2 million
for the project, which spans seven years, adding that the implementation of the
Federal Government/IFAD project has entered the fifth year with impressive
results.

According to her, "As of June this year, access of the poor to rural financial
services is to the tune of over N6 billion."

She noted that the programme's main objective was to build rural institutions
and enhance access of the rural poor to rural financial services in the selected
36 local government areas and 12 pilot states in Nigeria.

She explained that, prior to the introduction of RUFIN projects, access to rural
financing was completely non-existent, and that with the fifth yearly
implementation of the projects in the 12 pilot states, and more than 3,000 rural
poor have been economically empowered to fend for their families.

The Deputy National Coordinator revealed that the beneficiaries were formed into
groups or Cooperatives for easy co-ordination as well as to build their
capacities on how to manage the facilities provided to them through IFAD and the
counter-part funding from the Federal Government and 12 pilot states.

The 12 pilot States in FG/IFAD programme include Adamawa, Anambra, Akwa Ibom,
Bauchi, Benue, Edo, Imo, Katsina, Lagos, Nasarawa, Oyo and Zamfara.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             July 18, 1995 Tuesday

LENGTH: 327 words


Grant helps link rural hospitals Medcenter One Health Systems Inc. has received
a $317,000 Rural Utilities Service federal grant, which will be used to connect
rural hospitals with the Bismarck hospital. The interactive video network will
connect health care facilities in Oliver, Emmons and McIntosh counties with
Medcenter One, which is investing $627,000 in the project. Hospitals and clinics
in the three counties will receive 24-hour access to Medcenter One services.

Ag commission to look at requests The North Dakota Agricultural Products
Utilization Commission will consider the following funding requests during a
meeting at Dickinson's Hospitality Inn on July 25-26: þ Producer-owned
processing and sales cooperative, Regent, $34,175, for a marketing plan to
produce, mill and bake wheat into food-grade products. þ West River Cattle
Feeders, Hazen, $5,250, for start-up organizational costs. þ People Food Inc.,
Minot, $24,126, for research and development. þ Imperial Organic Flour Mill,
Napoleon, $85,000, for organizational costs. þ Carrington Research Extension
Center, $29,520, to evaluate the performance and economics of feeding wheat
midds to cattle in feedlots. þ Greywolf Industries LLC, Bottineau, $20,000, to
market an all-natural flavored caramel product. þ Dickinson Research Extension
Center, $50,000, to evaluate the efficiency of feeding field peas or hulless
oats to weaned pigs and calves. þ Hettinger County Crop Improvement Association,
$125,000, to establish markets for components of hulless oats. þ Dakota Rabbit
Cooperative, Lansford, $18,000, to develop a marketing plan and operating
strategy. þ North Dakota State University, $63,070, to evaluate wet corn gluten
as a beef and dairy cow feed; $20,760, to promote swine production; $33,052, for
analysis of Mexican market potential for beef and deli meats, processed beans,
grain-based snacks and cereals. þ Drayton Grain Processors, $150,000, for a
bagel-market research product.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1995 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                            March 18, 2010 Thursday

What is Cooperative Extension Service?

BYLINE: By Woods Houghton County Agriculture Agent

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 839 words


Recently I engaged in a discussion as to what is the Cooperative Extension
Service. Most of you know me from my weekly newspaper column and have told me
you enjoy them; I am glad. I thought I might write this article to explain a
little bit of what the Extension Service is and why we provide you with this
information.

In order to do this, we have to discuss the history a little bit. We consider
the first "county agent" to be Squanto, who taught the English how to plant
corn. A little more formal organization was created by President Thomas
Jefferson, who is considered the father of American agriculture.

Jefferson set up farm society meetings in 1784 for the purpose of encouraging
farmers to share what was working and what was not working on their farms.

At this time, more than 80 percent of the population was engaged in farming in
some form and agriculture was a major economic development.

President Lincoln signed the Morrill Act of 1862, which created in each state a
land grant university for the instruction of agriculture and mechanical arts.
Texas A&M kept this name and New Mexico A&MA changed to New Mexico State
University in the early 1960s.

Until the 1970s, every male had to serve in a Reserve Officer Training Corp for
the first two years of college. These ROTC programs produced more command
officers than the national service academies for WW II. In fact, Texas A&M
produced more generals in WW II than West Point Military Academy.

The Smith-Lever Act of 1914 is a United States federal law that established a
system of cooperative extension services connected to the land grant
universities and local county governments, intended to inform people about
current developments in agriculture home economics and related subjects.

Eddy County was one of the first counties in the nation to adopt and hire a
County Agent; his name was J. W. Knorr.

There have only been eight County Agriculture Agents since him and the staff has
grown from one to five agents

Eddy County has had an Agriculture agent, 4-H Agriculture Agents, 4-H Home
Economic Agents, Horticulture Agents, Community Development Agents and
Agriculture Engineering Agents. In all, there have been 76 different people who
have served Eddy County in these different fields. I would like to get photos of
them all someday for display.

In 1904, the 4-H program was started and the local county school superintendents
were the 4-H agents with the United States Department of Agriculture
demonstration department directing the program. As county agents were hired,
this responsibility was shifted to them from the superintendents and independent
school districts formed around 1914.

That is where Extension came from, but what does Extension Service do?

Extension service is an out-of-the-classroom educational system in which adults
and youth learn by doing. It is a partnership between the governments: state,
local and federal. Local volunteers provide service and education designed to
meet the needs of the residents of Eddy County.

Its fundamental objective is the development of human resources, and to make
people's lives better. Eddy County Extension Service has been involved in a lot
of different things. We have our annual reports going back to 1915 and they are
quite interesting.

The Rural Electrification Act had the county Extension service, including Eddy
County, set up Rural Electric Cooperatives. Also provided was education on how
to farm with a tractor as we moved from horsepower to mechanical power,
livestock production practices, and the management of prisoner of war soldiers
who volunteered to work on farms program. A number of years ago I had a German
agriculture student whose father worked on farms in Eddy County come and work
with me for a few weeks.

I have also had a students from Luxembourg, Egypt and Chile, as well as local
students.

In the 1960s, Richard Merck helped start Head Start and the Farm and Livestock
Bureau. Other agencies that have roots in Extension include Soil and Water
Conservation Districts, Farmers Home Administration, Agriculture Stabilization
and Conservation Service, now known as Farm Service Agency.

The Eddy County Extension Service has been reduced from the five agents to three
in the past 20 years but we still try to serve the people of Eddy County.

Funding comes from the county, state and federal level, with each providing
one-third of the total, just as it was in 1915. All county funds stay in the
county.

Our administrating judiciary is New Mexico State University; our program is
directed by an advisory committee comprising Eddy County residents. When asked
who I work for, my answer is: you, the people of Eddy County, New Mexico, USA,
in that order.

Eddy County Extension Service, New Mexico State University is an equal
opportunity/affirmative action employer and educator. All programs are available
to everyone regardless of race, color, religion, sex, age, handicap, or national
origin. New Mexico State University, U.S. Department of Agriculture, and the
Eddy County Government Cooperating.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

£10m fund will support groups to set up green projects

BYLINE: Gemma Mackenzie

SECTION: BUSINESS; FARM/FOOD; News; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 360 words


The Scottish Government yesterday launched a new £10million scheme to help
kick-start joint environmental projects.

The Environmental Co-operation Action Fund, which forms part of the Scottish
Rural Development Programme, aims to support the costs of planning and setting
up co-operative environmental projects.

Farm Minister Richard Lochhead said: "People who work the land are the
custodians of Scotland's magnificent natural environment. Our country's stunning
landscapes, iconic wildlife and diverse ecosystems are world-renowned and
underpin our rural economy.

"This fund will support collaborative projects aimed at increasing biodiversity,
improving water quality and managing flooding - measures that will not only
protect the environment, but help it thrive and flourish. And, with the
agriculture and land use sector accounting for a fifth of Scotland's greenhouse
gas emissions, this scheme will also contribute to Scotland's world-leading
climate change targets as part of the greenest Common Agricultural Policy (Cap)
we have ever had."

The first application round for the new scheme opened yesterday and will close
on January 15, 2016.

Farmers, foresters and other land managers are invited to apply for support to
help plan, facilitate and oversee "landscape-scale environmental projects
involving co-operating groups". Funding will be targeted towards projects which
meet government environmental priorities including control of invasive
non-native plant species, deer management and woodland creation.

The government said once a co-operative group had been formed, it could then
apply for further support from the Agri-Environment Climate Scheme and/or
Forestry Grant Scheme to help fund on-the-ground work.

Forestry Commission Scotland has also confirmed it will run a forestry
co-operation option as part of the Forestry Grant Scheme.

Applications to ECAF will be assessed on a competitive basis by the government's
Rural Payments and Inspections Division (RPID), Scottish Natural Heritage, the
Scottish Environment Protection Agency and Forestry Commission Scotland.

Successful applicants will be offered for contracts for up to five years from
2016.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2015 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Herald (Goa) (India)

                             July 21, 2012 Saturday

CM puts GSCB on notice over apex status

LENGTH: 221 words

DATELINE: PANJIM


PANJIM, July 21 -- Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar warned that he will withdraw
the apex status accorded to the troubled Goa State Co- operative Bank if in the
forthcoming elections of the board of directors of the bank people of integrity
are not elected.

Addressing the House on the issue of the Goa State Co- operative Bank, during
the discussion on demands for grants, Parrikar read out a letter written by the
National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development ( NABARD), which oversees
rural state banks, Parrikar pointed out the bleak situation facing the bank.

" Today the bank is not in a position to pay back 100% deposits of the
depositors," Parrikar claimed.

" I am waiting for the elections to be held on August 19, and if there aren't
people of integrity who are elected on the bank panel, then we will peacefully
withdraw the apex recognition that is being given to that bank," Parrikar said
adding that he was in no way influencing the elections of the bank.

NABARD strongly castigated the bank for not following procedures, manipulating
accounts, as well as several other irregularities that caused it to go in loss.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Herald Goa. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Herald Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            April 3, 2013 Wednesday

[#x200b]Chhattisgarh gets record assistance of Rs 4,388 cr from National Bank
for Agriculture and Rural Development

SECTION: RAIPUR

LENGTH: 404 words


RAIPUR: In a significant indicator of Chhattisgarh's growth, the state has
received a record financial assistance of Rs 4,388 crore from National Bank for
Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD), for agriculture and rural
development sectors during the last fiscal, leading to improvement in
livelihood, asset creation by farmers and creating rural infrastructure.

"Our financial assistance to the state touched an all-time high of Rs 4,388
crore, showing an increase of 256% over the last fiscal's Rs 1,231 crore,"
NABARD chief general manager Sunil Kumar Bansal told media persons.

Talking about NABARD's initiatives in various sectors, he said the bank extended
Rs 982.77 crore to the state under Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF),
which is 237% more than previous fiscal, for implementation of various projects
for ensuring better connectivity for 3,426 villages covering nearly 40 lakh
people. Besides, this support is also for bringing 863 hectares of land under
assured irrigation.

Bansal said NABARD provided a credit facility of Rs 2,000 crore to Chhattisgarh
MARKFED for paddy procurement pertaining to kharif marketing season. It also
funded state power transmission company limited for establishment of a
sub-station and power transmission systems for providing electricity in rural
areas.

"With NABARD support for institutional development, Chhattisgarh became the
first state in the country which completed cooperative banking services going
live with introduction of core banking solutions in 171 branches, therefore
facilitating better financial services to rural customers," he said. The bank
disbursed grants to Chhattisgarh State Cooperative Bank and district Central
Cooperative Banks for setting up computer labs in their head offices so as to
train all staff on a phased basis. Bansal said 11 projects were sanctioned under
Tribal Development Fund (TDF) for wadi development, covering 7,334 tribal
families. As of now, 56 projects sanctioned under the programme are under
implementation in 17 districts, aiming at providing sustainable livelihood to
tribals.

For the Naxalite affected areas, NABARD supported women self-help group (SHG)
programme, launched during last fiscal, promoting and nurturing these groups in
14 left wing extremism affected districts. Bank has sanctioned this project to
27 NGOs for promotion and nurturing of women self-help groups.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The New Nation (Bangladesh)

                             May 25, 2011 Wednesday

'Micro-savings' to rescue people from 'micro-credit trap'

LENGTH: 648 words

DATELINE: Dhaka


Dhaka, May 25 -- The government is going to present a massive national budget
this year reportedly with over Taka 1.6 trillion having the bigger focus on
uplifting the rural economy and combating the poverty in particular. One of the
biggest priorities in the budget will therefore be, according to an official
source on the Planning Commission to establish the overall government presence
in rural development activities now dominated by NGOs. And in this process, he
said, the government has proposed a micro-saving scheme which the authorities
look forward to implementing over the next several years at a cost of Taka 5,927
crore, to play a pivotal role in bringing about a rapid socio-economic uplift to
the fate of the poor. It will have another objective of rescuing the poor from
the micro-credit trap of organisations like Grameen Bank and such other
organizations by encouraging them to switch to micro-savings, he said.

He said micro-credit has a history of at least 40 years in this country without
tangible success in the ground. On the other hand, the micro-saving scheme as it
has been developed to involve 51 lakh families to bring benefits to over 2.5
crore rural poor, is expected to reduce the poverty level from 40 percent now to
20 percent by 2015. The project director of the scheme Prushanta Kumar Roy
recently explained its aims and objectives saying it would be the largest public
sector scheme to fight back poverty and is expected to bring about a
revolutionary change to the rural economy. No such project had ever covered such
vast multitude of the rural poor and has sought to introduce community based
organisations and their networking to turn it into a cohesive cooperative style
movement. The government aims at setting up 85,000 village organisations with 60
to100 members on each village committee throughout the country under this
scheme. To promote rural savings members will be given Taka 200 per month as
grant against a matching contribution of Taka 200 to the saving fund. Thus by
the year end, each member will have a saving of about Taka 5,000 inclusive of
interest and Taka 10,000 at the end of two years. Then the government will
extend a grant of Taka 300,000 to each village organisation thus making the way
of a bigger fund at each village from which members will be able to borrow and
go for expansion of micro-business activities. The micro-saving scheme will work
as a corollary to the ongoing 'one house one farm' government project in rural
Bangladesh essentially seeking to renovate the local cooperative system which
has now lost attraction. The micro-saving scheme primarily aims at promoting
rural agro-based income generating activities giving villagers training on how
to pursue enterprise development to become self-reliant, official sources said.
The government looks forward to training at least five to six trainers of
trainees in each village under the new scheme so that they can disseminate new
outlook, ideas about new income generating projects and the knowledge to use
small technology at local levels to bring about change in the rural economy.
Political analysts here however apprehend the government may tend to use the
scheme to realise political ends in one hand and beat back the Grameen Bank at
the field level on the other. They say poverty eradication is a complex
socio-political matrix where only a simple inputs-outputs configuration of some
investment may not be able to deliver the goods. Moreover, public money should
be put to use prudently to avoid waste and there should moreover be more
complementarity of purpose between micro-saving and micro-credit instead of
putting one as a challenge to the other. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from The New Nation. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The New Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Glasgow Daily Times (Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 23, 2015 Thursday

Methane, electricity project advances

BYLINE: Melinda J. Overstreet, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 626 words


April 23--With approval received from the Kentucky Public Service Commission,
work can soon begin on facilities at the Glasgow Regional Landfill to generate
electricity from captured methane gas.

Caralyne Pennington, director of member and public communications for Farmers
Rural Electric Cooperative Corp., said the goal is for East Kentucky Power
Cooperative to start construction in May of the building that will house the
generating plant. The engine has been ordered but is expected to take about 20
weeks to arrive, she said.

If everything goes as planned, including weather, electricity could be produced
by late September or early October, Pennington said.

Other landfills around Kentucky began such projects in the past decade or so,
and in April 2013, the Glasgow City Council passed a resolution giving
then-Mayor Rhonda Riherd Trautman the authority to work out an arrangement with
Farmers and EKPC.

Most landfills burn off the gas that is collected in a pipeline system
underneath the trash, but EKPC, which is owned by 16 owner-member distribution
cooperatives, including FRECC, began partnering with local communities for these
projects. The conversion of the gas to energy is a way to produce clean,
renewable energy.

In a press release Wednesday, Farmers and Winchester-based EKPC announced the
PSC's April 2 approval for what is being called the Glasgow
Landfill-Gas-To-Energy project.

"EKPC will own, operate and maintain the plant, while Farmers will design,
construct, operate and maintain facilities that interconnect electrically to the
plant," according to the press release from Pennington. "EKPC will purchase the
methane gas from the city to power the generator and Farmers will purchase all
of the renewable energy produced by the facility."

In addition, the LFGTE project will provide a backup source of power to the
Glasgow Water Co.'s waste water treatment plant, saving it having to make a
considerable investment to provide its own backup power source.

The city installed the $1.3 million gas collection and flare system, with
$100,000 of that coming from a state grant and $1 million coming from a U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Development no-interest loan applied for by
Farmers. The revenue from selling the gas to the power company will be used to
pay off the loan and for maintenance, said Kurt Frey, superintendent of the
Glasgow Department of Public Works.

"We are extremely excited to be part of this and appreciative to East Kentucky
Power Cooperative and the City of Glasgow for helping make this a reality," said
Bill Prather, FRECC president and CEO, in the press release. "This project has
been made possible as a result of the city, Farmers and East Kentucky Power
working together for the benefit of the community."

EKPC President and CEO Anthony "Tony" Campbell said via the press release the
Glasgow plant fits with the cooperative's Strategic Plan to continue to pursue
prudent diversity in its generation fleet.

"We were the first utility in Kentucky to build renewable power plants, and this
project shows our continued commitment to affordable, reliable alternatives that
work," he said.

The plant will produce about 1 megawatt, which is enough electricity to power
about 550 Kentucky homes and is expected to begin producing electricity later
this year, the press release says.

"The longer term impact will be the 'alternative' energy that will be generated
at the projects' completion," said Glasgow Mayor Dick Doty in the release.

The other Kentucky landfill gas plants EKPC owns are in Laurel, Greenup, Hardin,
Pendleton and Boone counties.

___ (c)2015 the Glasgow Daily Times (Glasgow, Ky.) Visit the Glasgow Daily Times
(Glasgow, Ky.) at www.glasgowdailytimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150423-GK-Methane-electricity-project-advances-0423-20150423

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GK


                       Copyright 2015 Glasgow Daily Times


                              541 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Western Gazette series

                                 June 25, 2009

£2m grant helps co-operative mark its 25th anniversary

SECTION: Pg. 60

LENGTH: 277 words


There were double celebrations for Wiltshire Grain as it received a £2M grant in
the year of its 25th anniversary.

The money comes from the Rural Development Programme for England to help fund a
new project on traceability.

Shrewton firm Wiltshire Grain, which is a farmer-owned marketing and storage
co-operative, was launched in 1984 as a facility for drying and storing crops
for 52 members.

Now it has around 100 farming members across Wiltshire, Dorset, Somerset,
Hampshire, Gloucestershire, and Oxfordshire.

Jeremy Bailey, one of the directors, said: "It's all about being able to provide
a full facility and reassure the public we are producing grain to a very high
standard.

"We wanted Wiltshire Grain to be a really modern up-to-date storage, testing and
processing facility for grain."

Money from the grant will go towards a new laboratory, which will help to
monitor, test and maintain the quality of the grain kept in the store.

Chairman Henry Collins said: "We have been successful in securing contracts with
major companies because we can take in grain rapidly at harvest, test it,
stabilise it and then process it.

"We have the potential to expand the operation, giving our members the
confidence to focus on quality crops and giving customers the confidence of
quality products."

Rob Hatt, head of food and rural affairs at the South West Regional Development
Agency, said: "This project focuses on quality control, adding value, food
security and supply chain management.

"Our investment will support the development of the cereal supply chain in the
region, and will help deliver financial benefits to grain producers through
price premium for the grain."

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 250


                    Copyright 2009 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Western Gazette series

                                 June 25, 2009

£2m grant helps co-operative mark its 25th anniversary

SECTION: Pg. 60

LENGTH: 277 words


There were double celebrations for Wiltshire Grain as it received a £2M grant in
the year of its 25th anniversary.

The money comes from the Rural Development Programme for England to help fund a
new project on traceability.

Shrewton firm Wiltshire Grain, which is a farmer-owned marketing and storage
co-operative, was launched in 1984 as a facility for drying and storing crops
for 52 members.

Now it has around 100 farming members across Wiltshire, Dorset, Somerset,
Hampshire, Gloucestershire, and Oxfordshire.

Jeremy Bailey, one of the directors, said: "It's all about being able to provide
a full facility and reassure the public we are producing grain to a very high
standard.

"We wanted Wiltshire Grain to be a really modern up-to-date storage, testing and
processing facility for grain."

Money from the grant will go towards a new laboratory, which will help to
monitor, test and maintain the quality of the grain kept in the store.

Chairman Henry Collins said: "We have been successful in securing contracts with
major companies because we can take in grain rapidly at harvest, test it,
stabilise it and then process it.

"We have the potential to expand the operation, giving our members the
confidence to focus on quality crops and giving customers the confidence of
quality products."

Rob Hatt, head of food and rural affairs at the South West Regional Development
Agency, said: "This project focuses on quality control, adding value, food
security and supply chain management.

"Our investment will support the development of the cereal supply chain in the
region, and will help deliver financial benefits to grain producers through
price premium for the grain."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 250


                    Copyright 2009 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 1, 2017 Sunday

In Dixon, federal funds fuel innovation

BYLINE: Staci Matlock, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1481 words


Jan. 01--DIXON -- "You are literally sitting in a miracle," local artist Shel
Neymark told a crowd gathered in the bright, book-lined Embudo Valley Library
and Community Center.

This nationally recognized library, started entirely by community volunteers and
once housed in an old two-room building, is among eight projects in Dixon -- an
unincorporated Northern New Mexico village of 930 residents -- to benefit from
the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development funds since 2009. The
agency recently celebrated Dixon's success in winning federal funds and said it
is a model for other towns in the state that are trying to boost their
communities.

A cooperative grocery store, a vineyard, a construction company and an organic
farm producing fresh apple cider and a blue corn atole mix are among the other
projects that won grants and loans from the USDA's rural economic development
program. Those funds have led to an estimated 30 new jobs in an area
hard-pressed for work.

"At a time when so many New Mexico communities are looking for solutions, for
how to do things better and how to get access to federal funding, we're trying
to hold up Dixon as an example where that's worked," said Terry Brunner, the
USDA's state director for rural development.

"What's unique about Dixon is there is a lot of community involvement and
leadership," Brunner added. "They never seem to run out of ideas and things they
want to do and ways to innovate."

Dixon is a quaint village of small farms just off N.M. 68, the low road winding
along the Rio Grande to Taos. Rocky, juniper-covered hills cup verdant river
land in the valley and a collection of old adobe homes, trailers and newer
houses along the one road through town.

Dixon is home to artists, small-business owners and people who commute to work
in Los Alamos, Taos and Santa Fe. It's near the site of a 13th-century pueblo
ruin. Spanish land grant settlers called it El Puerto del Embudo de Nuestro
Señor San Antonio until it was renamed Dixon, after a school teacher, around
1900.

The town made headlines in the 1940s and caused a decadeslong rift between
Protestants and Catholics in New Mexico after a Presbyterian in the town filed a
lawsuit against the state to prevent Catholic nuns from teaching religion in
publicly funded schools. It made the news again in 1999 when the two churches
chose the village as the site for a formal reconciliation.

The new Embudo Valley Library is across the street from the Dixon Elementary
School and next to the Dixon Cooperative Market. A Dixon school kid can leave
class, head across the street to do homework at the library and pick up a snack
at the deli on the way.

Leaders in Dixon learned that federal funds have advantages over private loans
for rural communities. Federal loans have low interest rates and are sometimes
available for extended payback periods, with little to no money down. Grants
don't have to be paid back.

In 2002, Dixon residents and library supporters raised $200,000 to buy the acre
and a half and the old adobe building that became the market. A few years later,
the library qualified for a $115,000 USDA loan and matching grant to build a new
library, expand its book collection and triple the number of computer stations
to 12. The library had 18,000 visitors last year from communities stretched
along the valley, Neymark said.

A USDA rural business enterprise grant helped the village repair the Dixon
Market's roof, upgrade the restroom and install plumbing for running water.
Another grant helped the village add a deli. "Once something like that is
successful, it breeds more success," said Nelson Rhodes, a general manager at
the market. "People gain confidence in the ability to get grants and complete
projects. It inspires them to think of what they can do next."

In an example of innovative financial thinking, the library rents the building
to the cooperative market for 2 percent of the grocery store's sales. "The money
goes to support the library," said Neymark, chairman of the library board. "The
better the co-op does, the better the library does."

In 2015, the Embudo Valley Library was named one of the five best libraries in
the nation by the Institute of Museum and Library Services.

Past Dixon a couple of miles and down a rough, dirt road is La Mesa Organic
Farm, owned by Mesa and Molly Ruiz. The couple worked for two early summer
months -- "when we should have been planting," they said -- on the application
for their $49,500 USDA Value Added Producer Grant.

The money will help the couple expand their family farm with an apple cider
processing facility and to hire two or three people to help increase the market
for their apple cider, blue corn atole and blue corn chocolate elixir. "We've
been finding a lot of positive response to these products at the farmers
markets," said Mesa Ruiz.

Ruiz said the grant was worth the extra effort, and he credits Brunner's staff
with helping them finish it when they were ready to give up. "The grant is
structured really well," he said. "It forces us as a business to use that money
in the community to hire new employees."

The blue corn products are a niche. Ruiz said a blue corn mash that is used to
make a hot cereal has been well received by locals. His blue corn elixir mixed
with chocolate and chile is another experimental product.

Since Ruiz isn't yet selling to stores, in order to get the USDA grant he had to
get customers to write letters saying they would buy the products.

Winning the grant award didn't immediately put cash in the Ruizes' pocket. They
have to pay for their equipment, supplies and employees' wages up front, then
submit the receipts to the USDA to get reimbursed.

Like other small-scale New Mexico farmers, Ruiz has taken advantage of federal
grants when he can apply for them. In 2013, he obtained a grant from the Natural
Resources Conservation Service to build a high tunnel greenhouse where he raised
vegetables commercially. He's now thinking about experimenting with the tunnel
to grow fruit trees.

Not far from Ruiz's farm is Vivác Winery, another business that's tapped into
the USDA grants. Brothers Chris and Jesse Padberg, Dixon natives, opened Vivác
Winery 14 years ago. "Each year, we grow a little bit and we do a little
better," Chris Padberg said.

But it hasn't been easy going. "Many times over the years, we weren't sure we
were going to make it through the winter," he said.

The Padbergs have kept at it, and now they've invented a small keg in which to
store and distribute their red and white wines to restaurants. "It cuts our
production costs by half. We pass that savings on to restaurants, and they pass
that savings on to their customers," Chris Padberg said.

The USDA Value Added Producer Grant they've been awarded will help them double
in size over the next three years, he said. They plan to add three more
employees to their seven-person staff to help with distribution.

Brunner said wineries and craft breweries are among the fastest-growing
industries in New Mexico and do the best job of utilizing USDA programs. Santa
Fe Brewing Co. and Taos Mountain Brewing also have recently received Value Added
Producer Grants for their beer.

In other USDA awards to Dixon, Los Ebanistas construction company tapped into a
USDA rural energy program to pay for part of a solar energy system that will
offset its power costs.

Brunner said supporting "local small businesses is essential to the state's
economic development. We see a lot of job growth around one-on-one
small-business development efforts where you take a small two-, three-
four-person business and add two or three jobs."

"More than 90 percent of businesses in New Mexico are small," he said.

Finally, one resident in the valley received a grant to refurbish her old house
in Dixon where she raised 14 children. The grant helped her pay to repair the
roof and install a handicapped-accessible ramp and a shower stall, install a
water closet and fix walls.

USDA Rural Development loan specialist Samantha Jo Soto said the grant is one
type of financial help the agency can provide to people in rural communities. In
2015, a total of 64 New Mexico families received grants or loans totaling
$483,000 to repair their homes. Another 84 residents received low-interest loans
from the USDA to buy qualifying homes.

Brunner expects support of the USDA rural development program to continue under
a Republican-controlled White House and Congress. "USDA is one of those rare
agencies that has bipartisan support from Congress. I think that will continue.
Whether you are on one side or another, you support rural communities."

Contact Staci Matlock at 505-986-3055 or smatlock@sfnewmexican. Follow her on
Twitter @stacimatlock.

___ (c)2017 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170101-SF-In-Dixon-federal-funds-fuel-innovation-0101-20170101

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2017 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              544 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Silver City Sun-News

                             March 15, 2004 Monday

Grant will help women and minority business group

BYLINE: ,Silver City Sun-News

SECTION: Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 590 words


Sun-News report

U.S. Rep. Tom Udall, D-NM, announced this week that the Women's Economic
Self-Sufficiency Team (WESST Corp.) is being awarded $368,211 to help facilitate
the start-up and growth of women and minority-owned businesses. The funding is
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development office.

Udall said WESST Corp. will use the funding for the Grant County Cooperative
Ownership Development Corporation in Silver City to offer quality
microenterprise training to women and minority entrepreneurs and to expand the
capacity of the Ancient Storytellers Learning Center, serving the eight Northern
Pueblos, Dine be'iina, Inc., serving the Navajo Nation.

WESST Corp. provides business skills training, product marketing and development
opportunities, as well as financial assistance to viable start-up or growing
businesses throughout the state.

"WESST Corp. is growing New Mexico one small business at a time," Udall said.
"This program helps to encourage and support locally based entrepreneurship,
with the result of creating jobs, strengthening local economies and contributing
to long-term self-sufficiency. More than 20 communities in the state will
benefit from this important federal grant."

Specifically, WESST Corp. will expand its MARKETLINK program to the centers,
Udall noted. MARKETLINK is an intensive training program aimed at substantially
increasing profits and revenues for entrepreneurs. The project, aimed at helping
low and moderate income entrepreneurs market their products more effectively, is
targeted to women and minorities. Udall said the goal is to help entrepreneurs
increase their annual sales income by 50 percent through business training and
individual consultation.

"WESST Corp. has proven to be a very good conduit for helping women and men
become business owners, giving them the technical assistance and advice to make
a realistic goal of owning and operating a successful small business," said U.S.
Sen. Pete Domenici, R-NM. "I'm very glad to see WESSTCorp get this funding to
expand further into rural areas."

"WESST Corp. clients have benefited tremendously from our MARKETLINK program,"
said Agnes Noonan, executive director of WESST Corp. "The grant from USDA will
facilitate train-the-trainer activities in rural areas so that local communities
build their own capacity to serve rural entrepreneurs long into the future."

WESST Corp. is headquartered in Albuquerque and primarily serves low-income
clients, including outreach to rural clients through its regional offices in
Farmington, Las Cruces, Roswell, Santa Fe, and Taos, and a satellite office on
the Navajo Nation. It is a participating organization in the Aspen Institute's
MICROTEST program and has had U.S. Small Business Administration funding since
1989.

WESST Corp. serves approximately 350 clients annually and an additional 1,500
individuals attend some type of training. In 1990, the center established a
revolving loan fund and has made about 250 loans totaling over $1 million, with
an average loan size of $3,043. WESST Corp.'s core programs are business
consulting, training and financial assistance.

USDA Rural Development serves as the lead federal entity for rural development
needs, and administers program assistance through three agencies, including the
Rural Housing Service, Rural Business-Cooperative Service and Rural Utilities
Service. Further information on USDA Rural Development programs can be obtained
by visiting USDA's web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 17, 2014 Tuesday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Policy Advisor DC-2014-0056

LENGTH: 3010  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Policy Advisor

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0056
SALARY RANGE:
 $124,995.00 to $157,100.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, June 16, 2014 to Monday, June 30, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0301-15
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
15
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - Washington DC, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:


Current permanent Rural Business and Cooperative Service (RBS) employees with
competitive status, and USDA CTAP eligibles.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Office of the Administrator, Rural Business and
Cooperative Service (RBS).

You will be responsible for managing programs, projects and assignments that
have a significant and long-term impact on Rural Development, RBS and the
agency's ability to provide support to the rural community.

TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    May require up to 25% travel

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    U. S. Citizenship is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Serves as a member of the Administrator's immediate staff advising the
Administrator and other Administrators on appropriate management practices in
support of the agency program planning and execution.
    Provides expert advice and guidance to the Deputy Administrator, the Deputy
Under Secretaries and the Under Secretary, and RD on a wide range of management
assignments
    Attends briefings and policy meetings with top level Department officials
and others as may be required.
    Reviews and evaluates operating policies and procedures to ensure that they
conform to the Deputy Administrator's objectives.
    Personally handles special and confidential problems which would normally
require direct attention of the Deputy Administrator and as delegated, has
authority to act and speak for the Deputy Administrator in the disposition of
problems within the framework of policy.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

To qualify for this position you must have at least one year of specialized
experience equivalent to the next lover grade level (GS-14) in the Federal
Government performing such tasks as leading organization wide projects and/or
initiatives, making critical decisions that impact an organization or division,
and supporting and representing top executive leadership; developing directives,
policies, procedures, and standards related to business activities, and critical
support services; advising on resolution of problems and issues affecting short-
and long-range planning for the organization; managing strategic communication,
outreach, and constituent/stakeholder engagement activities.


There is no education reqirement for this position.

o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
o  Have your salary sent to a financial institution of your choice by Direct
Deposit/Electronic Funds Transfer.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Policy Evaluation and Development
        Program and Operations Management
        Written and Oral Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=89bf9f5f-29b4
-434e-aa4b-a33000f1d231

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so. p/index.asp.
o  Relocation expenses are not authorized.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A resume should be provided. It should include relevant work experience
(start/end dates stated in month/year, description of duties and salary),
applicable education at a minimum, and your contact information. For current or
previous Federal employees, it should also include the Pay Plan, Series and
Grade for each work experience entry.
    For current or previous Federal employees, please attach a copy of your most
recent SF-50 or agency notification of personnel action form that provides
current position, grade level, and duty location.
    If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your
DD-214 "Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates
of service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of
service (Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214,
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.
    When applying for Federal Jobs, eligible veterans should claim preference on
their application or resume. Applicants claiming 10-point preference must
complete Standard Form (SF) 15, "Application for 10-Point Veteran Preference",
and submit the requested documentation.
    For a disabled veteran, you must submit a Department of Veterans Affairs
(DVA) letter on DVA letterhead that states your overall combined
service-connected disability rating.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: 202-692-0219
Fax: 202-692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
RD/OHR/HQPSB
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC 20250,
20250
United States
Fax: 202-692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

U.S. businesses to receive $7.4 million in grants for food, ag research

BYLINE: Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 512 words


Sept. 07--WASHINGTON -- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that
76 small businesses around the country, including several in the Upper Midwest,
will receive $7.4 million in grants to conduct research related to food
security, natural resources, and agricultural issues.

The grants are made through the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR)
program, a competitive funding source that is coordinated by the Small Business
Administration and administered by 11 federal agencies including the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA), to encourage domestic small businesses to
engage in high-growth research and development that has the potential for
commercialization and could lead to significant public benefit.

"USDA is proud to stand behind America's small businesses, whose ingenuity and
commitment to community is appreciated worldwide," said Vilsack. "Rural America
is finally on the road to recovery after one of the worst economic recessions in
our history, and we cannot underestimate the role that small businesses'
innovation has played in bringing jobs back to their hometowns. The Small
Business Innovation Research Program is one of many ways that USDA has helped
thousands of rural businesses expand on new ideas for the benefit of their own
operations and for our society as a whole. "

Examples of projects that will receive funding today include:

--Unmanned Experts, Inc. in Denver, Colo., is receiving a grant today to conduct
research to accelerate the adoption of unmanned aircraft systems for better fire
and natural resource management, and improved safety for wildland firefighters
and aviators.

--Foundation Instruments, Inc. in Collierville, Tenn., will use a grant to
evaluate the feasibility of a mobile drinking water laboratory to improve water
quality and reduce costs at rural water treatment plants. This project will
develop a mobile laboratory that can be shared between members of a rural
cooperative to provide rural water treatment plants the same access to
high-tech, on-site monitoring programs that are available to large metropolitan
systems. This will allow rural water treatment plans to optimize their treatment
practices, minimize treatment costs, and improve water quality for their
customers.

--Hazel Technologies, LLC in Skokie, Ill., is working to reduce food waste by
developing materials that inhibit ethylene gas, a hormone that plants produce as
they age, in a wider variety of plants and later in the supply chain than is
typically done currently.

The National Institute for Food and Agriculture (NIFA) administers USDA's
portion of the SBIR program with additional funding provided by the Animal and
Plant Health Inspection Service, the Agricultural Research Service, the Economic
Research Service, the National Agricultural Statistics Service, and the U.S.
Forest Service. More information on the SBIR projects announced today may be
viewed on the NIFA website.

___ (c)2016 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160907-AW-U-S-businesses-to-receive-7.4-million-in-grants
-for-food-ag-research-0907-20160907

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2016 Agweek


                              547 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: System of Care Expansion Implementation Cooperative Agreements

LENGTH: 425  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration
Deadlines  Mar 21, 2014
Contact

For business, administrative, or fiscal questions:
Gwendolyn Simpson
Phone: 240.276.1408
Email: gwendolyn.simpson@samhsa.hhs.gov

For programmatic or technical assistance questions:
Diane Sondheimer
Deputy Branch Chief
Phone: 240.276.1922
Email: diane.sondheimer@samhsa.hhs.gov
Purpose

System of Care Expansion Implementation Cooperative Agreements support the
operation, expansion, and integration of Systems of Care intended to increase
the provision and availability of mental health services to children and youth
with emotional disturbances.

Applicants will be expected to include the following types of activities:

Provision of mental health services, including culturally and linguistically
diverse services that address mental health disparities
    Outreach activities
    Expansion of family and youth involvement
    Collaboration across child serving agencies and among critical providers,
and programs to build bridges among partners, including relationships between
community and residential treatment settings
    Integration between mental health and substance abuse services and systems
    Creation of outcome measurement strategies
    Coordination with Block Grants and other health care reform efforts
    Development and implementation of a strategic financing plan that
incorporates Medicaid and other third party payors, other child serving agencies
and systems, and Block Grants
    Establishment of policy, administrative and/or regulatory structures that
support ongoing SOC implementation efforts

Systems of Care focused on rural and tribal populations are eligible to apply.
Eligibility  Eligible entities include:

State governments
    Indian or tribal organizations
    Governmental units within political subdivisions of a state, such as a
county, city or town
    Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Northern Mariana Islands, Virgin Islands, Guam,
American Samoa, and Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands (now Palau,
Micronesia, and the Marshall Islands).

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $1,000,000

For the first, second, and third fiscal years of the cooperative agreement,
grantees must provide at least $1 for each $3 of federal funds. For the fourth
fiscal year of the cooperative agreement, grantees must provide at least $1 for
each $1 of federal funds

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Odessa American (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 17, 2008 Sunday

BRIEF: USDA grants

BYLINE: Odessa American, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 210 words


Feb. 17--Applications are being accepted for the two U.S. Department of
Agriculture grant programs.

The Small Minority Producer Grant Program will accept grant applications through
April 8.

Funding is available to cooperatives whose governing board or membership is
comprised of at least 75 percent minorities.

The grants, which have a maximum award of $175,000, are used to help with
technical assistance, legal assistance, feasibility studies, business plan and
marketing plan development and training.

Applications are also being taken through April 8 for the USDA's Rural
Cooperative Development Grant.

The program, with maximum grants of $200,000, is designed to provide cooperative
development through projects providing residents with education and technical
assistance.

The grants are available to nonprofit corporations and higher education
institutions.

To see more of the Odessa American, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.oaoa.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Odessa American, Texas Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080217-OD-BRF-USDA-grants-0217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OD


                         Copyright 2008 Odessa American


                              549 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Awards $45 Million in Grants to Help
Agricultural Producers and Small Rural Businesses Develop New Products

LENGTH: 780  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $45 million to help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs
nationwide develop new product lines. USDA is investing in 325 projects through
the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.





 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities. Economic development initiatives like this one are working -
the unemployment rate in rural America is at an eight-year low and incomes rose
3.4 percent last year. Small business entrepreneurship, which Value-Added
Producer Grants support, is a major reason why rural America is a making a
comeback."



 VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or promote additional uses for established products. Veterans,
socially-disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher
cooperatives are given special priority.



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers announced the
grants on Vilsack's behalf during a visit to Leffel Roots, LLC in Eau Claire,
Wis. Leffel is receiving a $22,530 value-added grant to develop and market
bakery, cider and hard cider products. Another Wisconsin recipient, Bee Forest,
LLC, a logging and sawmill company in Nelson, is receiving a $250,000 grant to
market, process and ship shredded bark and saw dust.



 "Through the Value-Added Producer Grant program, USDA Rural Development invests
both in the quality of food and quality of life in rural areas," Rikkers said.
"Wisconsin businesses like Leffel Roots and Bee Forest are creating jobs and
growing local economies with their innovative ideas and entrepreneurial spirit."




 In Guinda, Calif., Riverdog Farm is receiving a $183,946 grant to increase the
processing of pork into bacon, sausage, ham and packaged pork cuts. These
products will expand the farm's operation at farmers markets and at its own farm
stand. Fifer Orchards Inc. in Camden Wyoming, Del., has been selected for a
$250,000 grant to expand marketing efforts to process, package and receive
apples for the family-owned orchard. Fifer sells its produce through its farm
and country store, at farmers markets, and wholesale to schools, restaurants and
grocery stores.



 USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The grants are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack has
identified local and regional food systems as a key component of rural economic
development.



 In 2014, Woodward Canyon Family Farm, LLC in Lowden, Wash., received a $200,000
VAPG grant to process wheat into flour. Rather than sell its wheat as a raw
product, the family farm processes it into flour that it sells to bakers,
restaurants and the public. Woodward Canyon has already exceeded forecasted
sales.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural communities
and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American jobs,
provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we consume,
ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery store than
most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown renewable
energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; and invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects that
have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents. USDA also helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Awards $45 Million in Grants to Help
Agricultural Producers and Small Rural Businesses Develop New Products

LENGTH: 780  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $45 million to help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs
nationwide develop new product lines. USDA is investing in 325 projects through
the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.





 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities. Economic development initiatives like this one are working -
the unemployment rate in rural America is at an eight-year low and incomes rose
3.4 percent last year. Small business entrepreneurship, which Value-Added
Producer Grants support, is a major reason why rural America is a making a
comeback."



 VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or promote additional uses for established products. Veterans,
socially-disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher
cooperatives are given special priority.



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers announced the
grants on Vilsack's behalf during a visit to Leffel Roots, LLC in Eau Claire,
Wis. Leffel is receiving a $22,530 value-added grant to develop and market
bakery, cider and hard cider products. Another Wisconsin recipient, Bee Forest,
LLC, a logging and sawmill company in Nelson, is receiving a $250,000 grant to
market, process and ship shredded bark and saw dust.



 "Through the Value-Added Producer Grant program, USDA Rural Development invests
both in the quality of food and quality of life in rural areas," Rikkers said.
"Wisconsin businesses like Leffel Roots and Bee Forest are creating jobs and
growing local economies with their innovative ideas and entrepreneurial spirit."




 In Guinda, Calif., Riverdog Farm is receiving a $183,946 grant to increase the
processing of pork into bacon, sausage, ham and packaged pork cuts. These
products will expand the farm's operation at farmers markets and at its own farm
stand. Fifer Orchards Inc. in Camden Wyoming, Del., has been selected for a
$250,000 grant to expand marketing efforts to process, package and receive
apples for the family-owned orchard. Fifer sells its produce through its farm
and country store, at farmers markets, and wholesale to schools, restaurants and
grocery stores.



 USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The grants are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack has
identified local and regional food systems as a key component of rural economic
development.



 In 2014, Woodward Canyon Family Farm, LLC in Lowden, Wash., received a $200,000
VAPG grant to process wheat into flour. Rather than sell its wheat as a raw
product, the family farm processes it into flour that it sells to bakers,
restaurants and the public. Woodward Canyon has already exceeded forecasted
sales.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural communities
and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American jobs,
provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we consume,
ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery store than
most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown renewable
energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; and invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects that
have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents. USDA also helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Awards $45 Million in Grants to Help
Agricultural Producers and Small Rural Businesses Develop New Products

LENGTH: 780 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $45 million to help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs
nationwide develop new product lines. USDA is investing in 325 projects through
the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.





 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities. Economic development initiatives like this one are working -
the unemployment rate in rural America is at an eight-year low and incomes rose
3.4 percent last year. Small business entrepreneurship, which Value-Added
Producer Grants support, is a major reason why rural America is a making a
comeback."



 VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or promote additional uses for established products. Veterans,
socially-disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher
cooperatives are given special priority.



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers announced the
grants on Vilsack's behalf during a visit to Leffel Roots, LLC in Eau Claire,
Wis. Leffel is receiving a $22,530 value-added grant to develop and market
bakery, cider and hard cider products. Another Wisconsin recipient, Bee Forest,
LLC, a logging and sawmill company in Nelson, is receiving a $250,000 grant to
market, process and ship shredded bark and saw dust.



 "Through the Value-Added Producer Grant program, USDA Rural Development invests
both in the quality of food and quality of life in rural areas," Rikkers said.
"Wisconsin businesses like Leffel Roots and Bee Forest are creating jobs and
growing local economies with their innovative ideas and entrepreneurial spirit."




 In Guinda, Calif., Riverdog Farm is receiving a $183,946 grant to increase the
processing of pork into bacon, sausage, ham and packaged pork cuts. These
products will expand the farm's operation at farmers markets and at its own farm
stand. Fifer Orchards Inc. in Camden Wyoming, Del., has been selected for a
$250,000 grant to expand marketing efforts to process, package and receive
apples for the family-owned orchard. Fifer sells its produce through its farm
and country store, at farmers markets, and wholesale to schools, restaurants and
grocery stores.



 USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The grants are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack has
identified local and regional food systems as a key component of rural economic
development.



 In 2014, Woodward Canyon Family Farm, LLC in Lowden, Wash., received a $200,000
VAPG grant to process wheat into flour. Rather than sell its wheat as a raw
product, the family farm processes it into flour that it sells to bakers,
restaurants and the public. Woodward Canyon has already exceeded forecasted
sales.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural communities
and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American jobs,
provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we consume,
ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery store than
most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown renewable
energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; and invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects that
have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents. USDA also helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Agriculture Secretary Vilsack Awards $45 Million in Grants to Help
Agricultural Producers and Small Rural Businesses Develop New Products

LENGTH: 780 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is providing more
than $45 million to help farmers, ranchers, small businesses and entrepreneurs
nationwide develop new product lines. USDA is investing in 325 projects through
the Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.





 "Value-Added Producer Grants are one of USDA's most sought-after funding
sources for veteran and beginning farmers, and rural-based businesses," Vilsack
said. "These grants provide a much-needed source of financing to help producers
develop new product lines and increase their income, and keep that income in
their communities. Economic development initiatives like this one are working -
the unemployment rate in rural America is at an eight-year low and incomes rose
3.4 percent last year. Small business entrepreneurship, which Value-Added
Producer Grants support, is a major reason why rural America is a making a
comeback."



 VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or promote additional uses for established products. Veterans,
socially-disadvantaged groups, beginning farmers and ranchers, operators of
small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches, and farmer and rancher
cooperatives are given special priority.



 USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Sam Rikkers announced the
grants on Vilsack's behalf during a visit to Leffel Roots, LLC in Eau Claire,
Wis. Leffel is receiving a $22,530 value-added grant to develop and market
bakery, cider and hard cider products. Another Wisconsin recipient, Bee Forest,
LLC, a logging and sawmill company in Nelson, is receiving a $250,000 grant to
market, process and ship shredded bark and saw dust.



 "Through the Value-Added Producer Grant program, USDA Rural Development invests
both in the quality of food and quality of life in rural areas," Rikkers said.
"Wisconsin businesses like Leffel Roots and Bee Forest are creating jobs and
growing local economies with their innovative ideas and entrepreneurial spirit."




 In Guinda, Calif., Riverdog Farm is receiving a $183,946 grant to increase the
processing of pork into bacon, sausage, ham and packaged pork cuts. These
products will expand the farm's operation at farmers markets and at its own farm
stand. Fifer Orchards Inc. in Camden Wyoming, Del., has been selected for a
$250,000 grant to expand marketing efforts to process, package and receive
apples for the family-owned orchard. Fifer sells its produce through its farm
and country store, at farmers markets, and wholesale to schools, restaurants and
grocery stores.



 USDA has awarded 1,441 VAPG awards since 2009, totaling $183 million. Congress
increased funding for the program in the 2014 Farm Bill. The grants are a key
element of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates
the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary Vilsack has
identified local and regional food systems as a key component of rural economic
development.



 In 2014, Woodward Canyon Family Farm, LLC in Lowden, Wash., received a $200,000
VAPG grant to process wheat into flour. Rather than sell its wheat as a raw
product, the family farm processes it into flour that it sells to bakers,
restaurants and the public. Woodward Canyon has already exceeded forecasted
sales.



 Today's funding builds on USDA's historic investments in rural America over the
past seven years. USDA has worked to strengthen and support rural communities
and American agriculture, an industry that supports one in 11 American jobs,
provides American consumers with more than 80 percent of the food we consume,
ensures that Americans spend less of their paychecks at the grocery store than
most people in other countries, and supports markets for homegrown renewable
energy and materials.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; and invested $38.2 billion in 1,057 electric projects that
have financed more than 198,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines
serving 4.6 million rural residents. USDA also helped 1.1 million rural
residents buy homes; funded nearly 9,200 community facilities such as schools,
public safety and health care facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet
access to nearly 6 million rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New Era (Windhoek)

                           September 27, 2010 Monday

Ohandje Centre a Dream Come True

BYLINE: Francis Xoagub

LENGTH: 753  words

DATELINE: Ondangwa


Director-General of the National Planning Commission (NPC) Tom Alweendo, albeit
in absentia last week, officially opened the brand-new N$3 million Ohandje Arts
and Cultural Centre in Ondangwa.

Ohandje Art and Cultural Centre is the brainchild of local musician and artist
PapaNdasuunje Shikongeni of the John MwafangejoArt Centre in Windhoek and is
managed by the Ohandje Cooperative. It was constructed by a group of women in
the region at a cost of N$800 000.

"I am pleased to note that Ohandje Cooperative has responded positively to the
call that the battle against poverty is not to be fought by Government alone,
but that it requires coordinated efforts with the private sector as well as
ultimate beneficiaries," said Alweendo in a statement read on his behalf by the
Oshana Regional Governor, Clemens Kashuupulwa.

"This Arts and Cultural Centre will be a tourist attraction for Ondangwa. The
support to their initiatives is crucial for their development, for example, this
centre will highly benefit the members since it will be a hub of arts and crafts
production and marketing that will attract both tourist and local people, the
result of which is economically empowering rural women," he said.

The centre was built through a grant of N$3 million out of a total of N$500
million (53 million Euro) from the European Union that was made available to the
NPC through its Rural Poverty Reduction Programme (RPRP), which among others
benefitted the Community Skills Development Centre (COSDEC), and the Ohandje and
Dorkambe cooperatives.

The overall objective of RPRP is to contribute to sustainable development
leading to the achievement of Vision 2030.

The financial assistance is part of the EU and the project initiators' efforts
to help sustain and preserve cultural heritage and create employment for poor
rural women. The co-operative operates in the Oshana, Oshikoto, Ohangwena and
Omusati regions, with 53 associated groups that make up about 3000 to 3500
individual members who are entirely rural women, many of whom take care of
orphaned children.

The co-operative received assistance from the Africa Group of Sweden since the
beginning of 2006 and from the European Union's poverty reduction programme.

However, Alweendo announced that all projects funded under the RPRP are expected
to "close implementation" by the end of September.

He said the programme that started in March 2005 has so far demonstrated great
potential to improve rural household incomes through participation of
beneficiaries.

According to Alweendo, RPRP-funded interventions have created over 7000 new
jobs, exceeding the targeted 4000.

Up to 1,636 cumulative new jobs have been created through labour-based road
construction projects in various communities in the country.

In addition, over 1,082 cumulative new jobs have been created through the rural
water supply component and further, approximately 4, 282 cumulative new jobs
were created through the 21 Demand Driven Actions (DDDA) projects. Ohandje's
contribution is included. Alweendo thanked the Ohandje cooperative for
partnering with the Government in development as it demonstrated its capacity to
contribute to rural poverty reduction.

Head of the EU Delegation in Namibia, Ambassador Dr Elizabeth Pape, talking
about the future of DDDA announced that the EU intends to bring together
partners and the private sector to discuss the future of the concept at a
"market meeting" on September 29 .

"I would like to thank all of those who contributed to the creation of the
artist centre, which is unique to northern Namibia. I wish you all the best to
turn this centre into a vibrant business place in the future," she said.

Ohandje Cooperative Coordinator, Fredrika Aumama Luanda, said there are nine
glass works. The co-operative built a recycling studio, which is at the COSDEC
centre in Ondangwa.

Luanda said the co-operative has many positive spin-offs: HIV/AIDS workplace
programme development and implementation; an Environmental Management Plan (EMP)
for all partners is being implemented; marketing of products; clean water to
homesteads; and small income for women that have allowed many to branch off into
other income-generating activities, among others.

"Our main concern is sustainability; we are also looking for volunteers to
market our goods in overseas markets."

At the same occasion, the Ohandje Cooperative handed over certificates of
appreciation to the EU, NPC, Africa Group of Sweden and PapaNdasuunje Shikongeni
for their contribution to the success of the centre.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The New Age (South Africa)

                             March 2, 2017 Thursday

\c\SPG 1 NC LEAD: Legislature in communities

BYLINE: TIISETSO MANOKO

LENGTH: 650 words


ECONOMIC emancipation for black people came under focus during the debate on the
Northern Cape State of the Province Address in in Magareng, Warrenton.

Community members raised their frustrations over the high rate of unemployment
in their areas and urge the provincial government to speedily transform their
lives by creating jobs.

The MEC for social development Gift van Staden said the provincial growth and
development strategy served as a blue print that could radically change the
lives of ordinary people.

Van Staden echoed Premier Sylvia Lucas's sentiments during her address on SOPA
last week that all hands need to be on deck to double the efforts to transform
the economy to be an inclusive one.

He said all stakeholders needed to take full responsibility in ensuring that the
challenges of poverty, unemployment and inequality were tackled head on across
the province.

Van Staden also called on the private sector to come on board in advancing
development in rural areas.

"Local empowerment and greater spending on corporate social investment will
remain central on our developmental agenda," he said.

Chaos and hauling started when the Premier was replying to questions from the
Economic Freedom Fighters, Congress of the People and Democratic Alliance.

The parties staged a walk out after numerous disruptions  during the debate.

Meanwhile Van Staden said the provincial government was hard at work in ensuring
that young people's needs were priority through the drafting of the youth
development strategy.

Chief Whip Gail Parker urged young people to actively participate in the
reshaping of the province's image and economy.

"Young people must make use of this opportunity and present sustainable business
plans for funding," she said.

In her address to the community, Premier Sylvia Lucas condemned the opposition
parties for spearheading a campaign aimed at discrediting government.

Center to her State of the Province Address last week, Lucas announced that the
supporting of informal traders was critical in making sure that the economy of
the province was boosted and stable to create much needed jobs across the
province.

She announced that informal traders and cooperatives across the province will be
assisted with grant funding through the economic growth and development fund.

"We are also exploring the feasibility of the establishment of an automotive
incubator for the township economy, we will also be working with the Small
Enterprise Development Agency," she said.

She said they were working around the clock to unlock the potential of small
business, cooperatives and township as well as rural enterprises.

"Numerous small businesses received support from the provincial government and
other state entities over the period under review,".

Partnerships with mining houses were also revealed with possibility of reviving
the dying diamond mining in province.

However the opposition raised a motion without notice for the Premier to
apologise to the Khoi and San people for the hate speech remark she did five
years ago.

The Equality Court said Lucas, who used the word "hotnot",  guilty of hate
speech and unfair discrimination.

Democratic Alliance's Harold McGulwa said the speaker took clear sides and
violated the rule when they ordered Lucas to apologise to the Khoisan.

Congress of the People leader Pakes Dikgetsi said the ruling party had brought
pain and shame to the people.

Meanwhile the speaker Kenny Mmoiemang said the opposition parties were in
contravention of the rules of legislature.

Mmoiemang said opposition party members were in direct contravention of the
powers, privileges and immunities of Parliament and provincial legislature.

The sitting in Warrenton was part and parcel of taking government to the people
and allowing communities to directly engage with provincial leaders on matters
of service delivery and concerns.

tiisetsom@thenewage.co.za

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 TNA Media (Pty.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Evening Herald (Plymouth)

                               November 27, 2002

European grants aid rural projects

BYLINE: C. ARADON

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 508 words


Innovative farming and fishing projects in South East Cornwall are going ahead,
thanks to European Objective One funding, it was announced today.  The latest
raft of announcements brings the total awarded in Cornwall to GBP 130,179,481.

A family farm and a workers' co- operative in the Seaton Valley are working
together to expand production of local organic food in a sustainable way.

Looe Harbour Commissioners have been awarded an Objective One fisheries grant of
more than GBP 8,000 to upgrade a fish packing unit, making it more modern and
efficient.

And redundant piggeries at a farm near Liskeard have been converted into idyllic
rural offices.

In the farming project, Jim Candy, of Trerieve Farm at Downderry, has organic
land available for vegetable production under the Stewardship Scheme, while veg
box producers Keveral Farmers on the other side of Seaton Valley has
polytunnels, but limited land.

The partners joined the SWARD Project run by Business Link to use Objective One,
DEFRA and Learning and Skills Council funding for training and information
gathering.

They received SWARD bursaries to visit other box schemes and specialist
machinery demonstrations to help them decide which machinery and processes could
be used in their own venture.

The partnership has also been assisted by Nick Jeans, of Cornwall County
Council, who is helping county farm tenants draw down EU funding.

Cornish Horticultural Enterprises has provided the group with an Objective One
grant of up to 45 per cent, enabling them to purchase new machinery to mechanise
their production in a sustainable manner.

Keveral Farmers, a workers' co-operative, has funded its share of the
partnership through its members and also through the support of its veg box
customers.

At Looe, the fish-packing unit on Buller Quay will be completely modernised so
that employees have a separate area to change into suitable overalls before
entering the room where the fish is waiting to be packed.

New washing facilities will also be created and the walls and ceiling will be
lined to make cleaning easier and to improve hygiene standards further.

The improved standards of the units will ensure that the fish exported from the
port is of the best possible quality.

Three state-of-the-art rural office units, complete with underfloor heating and
idyllic country views, have opened in redundant former piggery buildings near
Liskeard.

The 550 square foot units called Ashleigh Meadow are at the entrance to
Tregondale Farm, home of Stephanie and Mervyn Rowe for 30 years.

The office project, a family venture, is the idea of their son Richard and his
wife Helen who live close by at Ashleigh.

They were supported by the Objective One funded Rural Development Capital Grant
Initiative, which provided around one-third of the cost of converting the
buildings into impressive office space.

The Rowes had already diversified into bed and breakfast and had refurbished a
cottage for self-catering visitors.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2002 Evening Herald (Plymouth)


                              556 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 5, 2007 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Big Businesses Also Get Rural Aid

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 379 words


Chances are you haven't heard of Mike Fagan and his Alligator Trading Co.
Fagan's small business in Dade City, Fla., about 35 miles north of Tampa, makes
belts and wallets from alligator hides. He has four employees, including his
wife, and hunts gators himself.

Fagan's company is among more than 700 that have shared $130 million since 2001
as part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Value-Added Producer Grants
program. The goal is to help rural businesses cover marketing and development
costs to expand their markets. Fagan's firm is on the small end. But the USDA
has also awarded millions to giant food co-ops such as Welch's and Sunkist, as
well as wine growers in California's Napa and Monterey counties.

Welch's has received four grants totaling $1.15 million since 2001 through its
parent company, the National Grape Cooperative Association. The self-described
world's leading manufacturer of Concord grape products used the money to launch
a fruit-and-granola breakfast product and new products in Britain and Mexico.

Blue Diamond Growers, a California almond co-op with more than 3,000 members,
got a $478,500 grant to launch a line of salad toppings. Sunkist Growers Inc.
received $450,000 to market a packaged fresh-cut orange product. In all, more
than $10 million went to large co-ops and trade associations in the past six
years, a Washington Post analysis of the awards found.

Randy Torgerson, a former director of the program, said the awards were
consistent with the legislation, adding that the larger firms could "probably
make better use of that money than some of the fledgling companies."

But others question why the USDA should help underwrite marketing expenses for
large corporate groups. "I think it's best to target tax dollars to small family
farmers looking to diversify," said Kim Leval of the Center for Rural Affairs in
Nebraska, which works with small farmers. "We should not be funding the
marketing departments to expand Welch's grape juice in the U.K." A Welch's
spokeswoman declined to comment.

Alligator Trading  received a grant of $132,660 in 2002 to identify new markets.
"What we learned was you can't just sell these products anywhere. These are
high-end products and have to be treated as such," said Fagan, 63.

-- Gilbert M. Gaul

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy
for America Program for Federal Fiscal Year 2017; Correction Pages 85924 - 85926
[FR DOC # 2016-28737]

LENGTH: 1533  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of
Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for America Program for
Federal Fiscal Year 2017; Correction AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
USDA. ACTION: Notice; correction.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) published a notice in the
Federal Register of October 18, 2016, announcing the acceptance of applications
for funds available under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) for Fiscal
Year (FY) 2017. The 2014 Farm Bill provides funding for the program for FY 2017.
This notice provides corrections to: Section III.

Eligibility Information, subsection D. Cost Sharing or Matching, paragraph (2)
to indicate that applicants that have been previously been awarded energy audit
or renewable energy development assistance grants and have not expended 50
percent of those funds are considered a ``risk'' pursuant to 2 CFR 200.205;
Section V. Application Review Information, subsection (B) Review and Selection
Process, paragraphs (1)(a) through (d), and paragraph (3) [[Page 85925]]
application window closing dates of May 1, 2017 are being modified to March 31,
2017; Section V. Application Review Information, subsection C. State Director
and Administrator Points, paragraph (1)(b)is replacing ``will'' with ``may'' to
indicate that the awarding of State Director and Administrator points is at the
discretion of the State Director or Administrator and to remove the last
sentence of subparagraph (b) because the Agency will use information provided in
the application verses a certification; and Section VIII. Other Information,
subsection B. Nondiscrimination Statement is being updated. FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: For information about this Notice, please contact Maureen
Hessel, Business Loan and Grant Analyst, USDA Rural Development, Energy
Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3225, Room 6870, Washington, DC
20250. Telephone: (202) 401-0142. Email: maureen.hessel@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This Notice makes certain corrections to the original
Notice published on October 18, 2016 at 81 Federal Register 71689.
Unfortunately, the October 18, 2016 Notice did not reflect all of the changes
made in clearance. This Notice captures the omitted changes. In FR Doc.
2016-25163 of October 18, 2016 (81 FR 71689), make the following corrections:
Summary of Changes 1. In the first column on page 71691, Section III.
Eligibility Information, Subsection D. Cost Sharing or Matching, paragraph (2),
the last sentence which continues into the second column is replaced with the
following text: An applicant who has received one or more grants under this
program must have a satisfactory history of performance which, as it relates to
the expenditure of grant funds, the Agency interprets as the expenditure of 50
percent or more of the previously awarded grants by January 31, 2017. Those who
cannot meet this requirement will be determined to be a ``risk'' pursuant to 2
CFR 200.205 and may be denied a subsequent grant or have special conditions
imposed. 2. In the first column on page 71694, under Section V. Application
Review Information, subsection B. Review and Selection Process, subparagraph
(1)(a) is being revised to read as follows: (a) Funds for renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvements grants of $20,000 or less will be
allocated to the States. Eligible applications must be submitted by October 31,
2016, or March 31, 2017, in order to be considered for these set-aside funds.
Approximately 50 percent of these funds will be made available for those
complete applications the Agency receives by October 31, 2016, and approximately
50 percent of the funds for those complete applications the Agency receives by
March 31, 2017. All unused State allocated funds for grants of $20,000 or less
will be pooled to the National Office. 3. In the first column on page 71694,
under Section V. Application Review Information, subsection B. Review and
Selection Process, subparagraph (1)(b) the first sentence is being revised to
read as follows: Eligible applications received by March 31, 2017, for renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvements grants of $20,000 or less, that
are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the National Office to
compete against grant applications of $20,000 or less from other States at a
national competition. 4. In the first column on page 71694, under Section V.
Application Review Information, subsection B. Review and Selection Process,
subparagraph (1)(c) the first sentence is revised to read as follows: Eligible
applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements,
regardless of the amount of the funding request, received by March 31, 2017, can
compete for unrestricted grant funds. 5. In the first column on page 71694,
under Section V. Application Review Information, subsection B. Review and
Selection Process, subparagraph (1)(d) is being revised to read as follows: (d)
National unrestricted grant funds for all eligible renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvements grant applications received by March 31, 2017,
which include grants of $20,000 or less, that are not funded by State
allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against grant
applications from other States at a final national competition. 6. In the second
column on page 71694, under Section V. Application Review Information,
subsection B. Review and Selection Process, paragraph (3), the last sentence is
revised to read as follows: All unfunded eligible applications for combined
grant and guaranteed loan applications that are received by March 31, 2017, and
that are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the National Office
to compete against other grant and combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications from other States at a final national competition. 7. In the third
column on page 71694, under Section V. Application Review Information,
subsection C. State Director and Administrator Points, is revised to read as
follows: The State Director and the Administrator may take into consideration
paragraphs V.C.(1) and (2) below in the awarding of points for eligible
renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvement grant applications
submitted in Federal FY 2017: 8. In the third column on page 71694, under
Section V. Application Review Information, subsection C. State Director and
Administrator Points, subparagraph (1)(b) is revised to read as follows: Owned
by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group, which are groups whose members
have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of their
identity as members of a group without regard to their individual qualities. 9.
In the first column on page 71696, under Section VIII. Other Information,
subsection B. Nondiscrimination Statement is revised to read as follows: In
accordance with Federal civil rights law and USDA civil rights regulations and
policies, USDA, its Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions
participating in or administering USDA programs are prohibited from
discriminating based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender
identity (including gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age,
marital status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance
program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights
activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases
apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing deadlines vary by program
or incident. Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of
communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape,
American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's
TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may
be made available in languages other than English. To file a program
discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint
Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office, or
write a letter addressed to USDA providing all of the information requested in
the form. To request a copy [[Page 85926]] of the complaint form, call (866)
632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by: (1) Mail: U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410; (2) Fax: (202)
690-7442; or (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov USDA is an equal opportunity
provider, employer, and lender. Dated: November 18, 2016. Samuel H. Rikkers,
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-28737 Filed
11-28-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy
for America Program for Federal Fiscal Year 2017; Correction Pages 85924 - 85926
[FR DOC # 2016-28737]

LENGTH: 1533  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of
Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for America Program for
Federal Fiscal Year 2017; Correction AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
USDA. ACTION: Notice; correction.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) published a notice in the
Federal Register of October 18, 2016, announcing the acceptance of applications
for funds available under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) for Fiscal
Year (FY) 2017. The 2014 Farm Bill provides funding for the program for FY 2017.
This notice provides corrections to: Section III.

Eligibility Information, subsection D. Cost Sharing or Matching, paragraph (2)
to indicate that applicants that have been previously been awarded energy audit
or renewable energy development assistance grants and have not expended 50
percent of those funds are considered a ``risk'' pursuant to 2 CFR 200.205;
Section V. Application Review Information, subsection (B) Review and Selection
Process, paragraphs (1)(a) through (d), and paragraph (3) [[Page 85925]]
application window closing dates of May 1, 2017 are being modified to March 31,
2017; Section V. Application Review Information, subsection C. State Director
and Administrator Points, paragraph (1)(b)is replacing ``will'' with ``may'' to
indicate that the awarding of State Director and Administrator points is at the
discretion of the State Director or Administrator and to remove the last
sentence of subparagraph (b) because the Agency will use information provided in
the application verses a certification; and Section VIII. Other Information,
subsection B. Nondiscrimination Statement is being updated. FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: For information about this Notice, please contact Maureen
Hessel, Business Loan and Grant Analyst, USDA Rural Development, Energy
Division, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3225, Room 6870, Washington, DC
20250. Telephone: (202) 401-0142. Email: maureen.hessel@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This Notice makes certain corrections to the original
Notice published on October 18, 2016 at 81 Federal Register 71689.
Unfortunately, the October 18, 2016 Notice did not reflect all of the changes
made in clearance. This Notice captures the omitted changes. In FR Doc.
2016-25163 of October 18, 2016 (81 FR 71689), make the following corrections:
Summary of Changes 1. In the first column on page 71691, Section III.
Eligibility Information, Subsection D. Cost Sharing or Matching, paragraph (2),
the last sentence which continues into the second column is replaced with the
following text: An applicant who has received one or more grants under this
program must have a satisfactory history of performance which, as it relates to
the expenditure of grant funds, the Agency interprets as the expenditure of 50
percent or more of the previously awarded grants by January 31, 2017. Those who
cannot meet this requirement will be determined to be a ``risk'' pursuant to 2
CFR 200.205 and may be denied a subsequent grant or have special conditions
imposed. 2. In the first column on page 71694, under Section V. Application
Review Information, subsection B. Review and Selection Process, subparagraph
(1)(a) is being revised to read as follows: (a) Funds for renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvements grants of $20,000 or less will be
allocated to the States. Eligible applications must be submitted by October 31,
2016, or March 31, 2017, in order to be considered for these set-aside funds.
Approximately 50 percent of these funds will be made available for those
complete applications the Agency receives by October 31, 2016, and approximately
50 percent of the funds for those complete applications the Agency receives by
March 31, 2017. All unused State allocated funds for grants of $20,000 or less
will be pooled to the National Office. 3. In the first column on page 71694,
under Section V. Application Review Information, subsection B. Review and
Selection Process, subparagraph (1)(b) the first sentence is being revised to
read as follows: Eligible applications received by March 31, 2017, for renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvements grants of $20,000 or less, that
are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the National Office to
compete against grant applications of $20,000 or less from other States at a
national competition. 4. In the first column on page 71694, under Section V.
Application Review Information, subsection B. Review and Selection Process,
subparagraph (1)(c) the first sentence is revised to read as follows: Eligible
applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements,
regardless of the amount of the funding request, received by March 31, 2017, can
compete for unrestricted grant funds. 5. In the first column on page 71694,
under Section V. Application Review Information, subsection B. Review and
Selection Process, subparagraph (1)(d) is being revised to read as follows: (d)
National unrestricted grant funds for all eligible renewable energy system and
energy efficiency improvements grant applications received by March 31, 2017,
which include grants of $20,000 or less, that are not funded by State
allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against grant
applications from other States at a final national competition. 6. In the second
column on page 71694, under Section V. Application Review Information,
subsection B. Review and Selection Process, paragraph (3), the last sentence is
revised to read as follows: All unfunded eligible applications for combined
grant and guaranteed loan applications that are received by March 31, 2017, and
that are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the National Office
to compete against other grant and combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications from other States at a final national competition. 7. In the third
column on page 71694, under Section V. Application Review Information,
subsection C. State Director and Administrator Points, is revised to read as
follows: The State Director and the Administrator may take into consideration
paragraphs V.C.(1) and (2) below in the awarding of points for eligible
renewable energy systems and energy efficiency improvement grant applications
submitted in Federal FY 2017: 8. In the third column on page 71694, under
Section V. Application Review Information, subsection C. State Director and
Administrator Points, subparagraph (1)(b) is revised to read as follows: Owned
by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group, which are groups whose members
have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of their
identity as members of a group without regard to their individual qualities. 9.
In the first column on page 71696, under Section VIII. Other Information,
subsection B. Nondiscrimination Statement is revised to read as follows: In
accordance with Federal civil rights law and USDA civil rights regulations and
policies, USDA, its Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions
participating in or administering USDA programs are prohibited from
discriminating based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender
identity (including gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age,
marital status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance
program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights
activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases
apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing deadlines vary by program
or incident. Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of
communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape,
American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's
TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may
be made available in languages other than English. To file a program
discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint
Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office, or
write a letter addressed to USDA providing all of the information requested in
the form. To request a copy [[Page 85926]] of the complaint form, call (866)
632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by: (1) Mail: U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410; (2) Fax: (202)
690-7442; or (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov USDA is an equal opportunity
provider, employer, and lender. Dated: November 18, 2016. Samuel H. Rikkers,
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-28737 Filed
11-28-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            October 15, 2013 Tuesday

Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas approves consolidation of 6 cooperative banks

LENGTH: 304  words

DATELINE: Manila


The Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas' Monetary Board approved the consolidation of 6
cooperative banks under the Strengthening Program for Cooperative Banks.

In the consolidation, the constituent banks come from Luzon, Visayas and
Mindanao, namely, the Cooperative Bank of Agusan del Sur, Capiz Settlers
Cooperative Rural Bank, Inc., Cooperative Bank of Camarines Norte,  Cooperative
Bank of Leyte, Sorsogon Provincial Cooperative Bank and Southern Leyte
Cooperative Bank. In addition, the National Confederation of Cooperatives will
invest in the resulting Consolidated Bank which is to be named as Network
Consolidated Cooperative Bank (NCCB).

The SPCB is an incentive program conceptualized by the BSP, Philippine Deposit
Insurance Corporation and the Land Bank of the Philippines to encourage mergers/
consolidations with, and acquisition of cooperative banks by stronger partners
to strengthen the cooperative banking sector through the grant of regulatory
support and financial assistance to eligible cooperative banks.

The NCCB's operation will begin upon issuance of authorizations  from the BSP
and the Cooperative Development Authority. The consolidation will create a
larger and stronger financial institution with a wider market as a result of
synergy, cost savings and competitive advantage. This major event heralds the
acceleration of the consolidation of the cooperative banking industry aimed at
contributing further to the health and soundness of the entire banking system.
Ultimately, this should redound to the benefit of the various stakeholders
including the public.

The program is in recognition of cooperative banks' role in providing essential
financial services in the economy, particularly in providing adequate banking
services in the local communities and in supporting the growth of rural
economies.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         The Perkins Journal (Oklahoma)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 16, 2012

CREC Mobile Office To Visit Wildfire Communities

BYLINE: The Perkins Journal staff

LENGTH: 264  words


Central Rural Electric Cooperative will bring a mobile office to four
communities hardest hit by recent wildfires. Information about CREC electric
service, disaster relief grants, electricity safety and other topics will be
available from cooperative employees staffing the office.

The mobile office will be open from 4 to 7 p.m. in the following locations:

Tuesday, August 21

Oak Grove Baptist Church between Cushing and Drumright

Wednesday, August 22 Glencoe Public Schools

Thursday, August 23

Luther Public Schools Cafeteria

"We offer our heartfelt support to all Oklahomans who lost homes, property and
possessions during recent wildfires," said David Swank, cooperative CEO. "Be
assured that CREC will be there with you, helping to rebuild your community."

Any CREC member affected by recent fires with questions about their current or
future electricity service needs is encouraged to visit the mobile office to
talk to CREC employees. Available will be:

Information and applications for Operation Round-Up grants from the CREC
Foundation

Information about the CREC Rural Fire Department grant program

Electricity safety advice including tips for using standby generators

Co-op Connection Cards and a list of businesses offering members discounts

Information about cooperative rebate programs for energy efficient appliances
and home improvements

Information about FREE CREC residential energy audits and new home energy
efficiency consultations

CREC trustees and employees want all those impacted by fires to know that the
cooperative stands ready to help these communities and assist our members.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PKJ

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 The Perkins Journal


                              561 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          September 8, 2001, Saturday

CO-OPERATIVE GIVEN CASH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14,15

LENGTH: 210 words


NOEL Davern, Minister of State at the Department of Agriculture, Food and Rural
Development, has announced the allocation of IRpounds 3.2 million to the
National Co-operative Farm Relief Services by his Department under the National
Development Plan, which covers the years 2000-2006.

Mr Davern pointed out that under the Operational Programme for Agriculture,
Rural Development and Forestry for the period 1994-1999, the National Farm
Relief Service received IRpounds 1.5m.

He explained that this money would facilitate the expansion of existing farm
relief services by providing increased training for new and existing operatives,
funding research to identify the needs, demands and opportunities for the
services as they arise and contribute to building and equipping further local
offices.

Mr Davern also indicated that the grant rate for training and research is up to
a maximum of 75 per cent with up to 30 per cent available for infrastructure.

" This major allocation, an increase of over 100 per cent on the period 1994
-1999, will enable Farm Relief Services to grow and expand to meet the needs of
modern farming as well as providing an outlet for farmers who wish to supplement
their income by working off the farm," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Century Newspapers Limited


                              562 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 25, 2011 Thursday

Philippines: Rural Power Project in Philippines

LENGTH: 408  words


Approval Date 04-DEC-2003
Closing Date 31-DEC-2012
Region East Asia And Pacific
Major Sector (Sector) (%) Energy and mining (Power) (50%)


Energy and mining (Renewable energy) (50%)
Themes (%) Climate change (25%)
Rural services and infrastructure (25%)
Other financial and private sector development (25%)
Infrastructure services for private sector development (25%)
Environmental Category F
Bank Team Lead Townsend, Alan F.
Borrower/Recipient DBP/REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES
Implementing Agency DBP,DOE
The objective of the Project is to assist in the implementation of the first
phase of the Rural Power Development Program, aimed at supporting reforms and
priority investments, to achieve the aforementioned objectives of the sector.
The rural electrification subprojects component would have two subcomponents:
(1) grid-connected electric cooperative (EC) subprojects; and, (2) decentralized
electrification. The first subcomponent will improve power supply systems%
safety, reliability, efficiency and power service quality for existing
customers, through rehabilitation and capacity upgrades of the existing supply
system; remove supply system constraints, encourage institutional development of
ECs, and, improve employee productivity, safety, and, efficiency of customer
service provision. The second subcomponent will support investments in small
power generation, decentralized grids, and stand-alone renewable energy
technologies (RET) systems, most notably photovoltaic (PV) systems. The Partial
Credit Guarantee Fund component will help establish, and provide grant funds to
partially cover loan losses incurred in the provision of loans to RET
purchasers, and suppliers. This component would be funded by a United Nations
Development Program (UNDP)-Global Environment Facility (GEF) grant. Finally, the
third component will support the Department of Energy, the Development Bank of
the Philippines, participating financial intermediaries, and participating
enterprises in reducing market barriers for the commercialization of RETs, by
building capacity of concerned public, and private sector entities. Investment
risks would be reduced through strong project development, appraisal,
procurement, and supervision of RET subprojects, and, by supporting
implementation policies on energy tariffs and subsidies, and on regulation, and
planning. This component will be funded by the Bank-GEF grant.

country :Philippines
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                           January 11, 2017 Wednesday

State gives $34M for broadband expansion

BYLINE: Matt M. Johnson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 3831  words


The state is giving out 42 grants worth $34 million to broadband providers
across Minnesota in the biggest state-subsidized internet-access expansion under
the Border-to-Border Broadband Development Program.

The grants range from about $28,000 to provide internet access to 35 unserved
homes and businesses in Redwood County, to a $4.94 million award to Consolidated
Telecommunications Co. in Kandiyohi County to bring service to nearly 1,600
customers who have no broadband hookups.

In all, the 2016 grants will bring high-speed internet service to 16,627 homes
and 2,240 businesses across the state.

Lt. Gov. Tina Smith and Department of Employment and Economic Development
officials announced the awards during a Wednesday morning teleconference. The
grants are part of the multi-year Border-to-Border program proposed by Gov. Mark
Dayton, which seeks to address at least $900 million in unmet need for broadband
service in Minnesota.

Smith said the demand for broadband outside the Twin Cities metro area is great.

"The fundamental issue we still have in this state is that about 20 percent of
Greater Minnesota households don't have access to broadband," she said during
the conference.

Including the latest awards, about $66 million in state money has gone to
Minnesota internet providers over the past three years to spur development of
more broadband infrastructure. Grant recipients have matched the state money
with $81.7 million in private funding, according to a press release from Smith's
office.

Smith said the state money encourages providers to build broadband
infrastructure in areas where it would be otherwise difficult to recoup the
investment.

"But, of course, private industry is beholden to their shareholders," she said.
"There are some places so difficult to get to, the economics just don't work. "

The expanded service is of particular concern to outstate businesses, said DEED
Commissioner Shawntera Hardy. High-speed internet allows for teleconferencing,
telecommuting and information-sharing that makes it possible rural businesses to
compete in larger markets.

"Broadband is not just a luxury," Hardy said during Wednesday's conference. "It
is a critical economic development tool. "

The 2016 grants cover projects in almost every region of the state. Only one of
them is in the seven-county metro area. Cable and internet provider Mediacom
will apply a $170,868 grant toward a $589,203 service expansion in Medina that
will bring broadband to 111 unserved and underserved households. Mediacom
received two other grants for expanding service in St. Louis and Itasca
counties.

Tom Larsen, a Mediacom senior vice president, said the nearly $660,000 his
company will receive from the state will make it profitable for the company to
go into communities that might not otherwise receive broadband service.

"Absent a nudge from the government, these areas would never be built," he said
in an interview.

Mediacom's Minnesota market is about 190 small communities where it serves about
100,000 customers. Larsen said the state-subsidized work will bridge the "middle
mile" between service areas and will allow for more broadband expansion.

In 2014 and 2015, the Border-to-Border program gave out a total of 31 project
awards. Eighteen of those projects are 95- to 100-percent complete, said Danna
MacKenzie, executive director of the state's Office of Broadband Development.
The majority are more than 70 percent complete. Over 2,500 miles of new
broadband cable has been laid as part of the expansion work.

Funding over the three-year period is expected to bring broadband to nearly
26,000 households, 3,176 businesses and 244 community institutions, according to
the release from Smith's office. Providers receiving the grants must bring
service to unserved areas that allow for 25 megabits per second of downloading
capability and 3 megabits information uploading. In places where internet
service exists but is now low-speed, the requirement is 100 megabits of
downloading capacity and 20 of upload.

Dayton requested $100 million for broadband funding last year. Smith said there
will be another request this year, but declined to name the dollar amount.

(divider]

Northeast

Mediacom, Fayal Township - $263,345.  This project will serve 167 unserved
households, 3 unserved businesses and 92 underserved households in Fayal
Township in St. Louis County. The township and Mediacom Minnesota LLC partnered
to identify areas where broadband access should be made available. The total
eligible project cost is $675,243, with a $411,898 local match.

Mediacom, Harris Township - $224,369.  The project will serve 262 unserved
households and 6 unserved businesses in Harris Township in Itasca County. The
Mediacom Minnesota LLC project will support business development, health care
and educational opportunities in the area. The total eligible project cost is
$773,686, with a $549,317 local match.

Mille Lacs Energy Cooperative FTTP Project - $1.76 million.  The project will
serve 763 unserved households, 2 unserved businesses, 2 unserved community
anchor institutions, 31 underserved households, and 2 underserved businesses in
Aitkin County. The Mille Lacs Energy Cooperative and Consolidated
Telecommunications Co. will partner to provide service levels that will enhance
businesses, employment, health care and educational experiences in the region.
The total eligible project cost is $3.5 million, with a $1.76 million local
match.

Paul Bunyan Communications, Hubbard, Becker and Itasca Counties - $1.74 million.

 The project will serve 785 unserved households, 26 unserved businesses, two
unserved community anchor institutions, 143 underserved households and two
underserved businesses in north central Minnesota. Paul Bunyan will improve
service levels to an estimated 2,750 people and nearly 50 small businesses. The
total eligible project cost is $3.48 million, with a $1.74 million local match.

Northwest

CenturyLink, Thief River Middle Mile - $1.32 million.  The project will serve
491 unserved households and 118 unserved businesses in an area from Thief River
to Roseau. CenturyLink will provide improved services that will encourage
business development and increase access to education and health care in the
region. The total eligible project cost is $2.65 million, with $1.3 million
local match.

Garden Valley Telephone Co., Rural Thief River Falls East - $2.03 million.  The
project will serve 330 unserved households, 23 unserved businesses and 2
community anchor institutions in rural Thief River Falls. Garden Valley
Telephone will upgrade broadband services that will improve economic and
community vitality in the region. The total eligible project cost is $4.2
million, with a $2.2 million local match.

Halstad Telephone Co., Kertsonville Area - $296,665.  The project will serve 51
unserved households in Kertsonville and Onstad townships in Polk County. Halstad
Telephone Co. will improve service levels that benefit farmers, home businesses
and residents. The total eligible project cost is $593,330, with a $296,665
local match.

Sjoberg's Inc., Roseau and Lake of the Woods Counties - $354,740.The project
will serve 126 unserved households, 30 unserved businesses and one community
anchor institution in several areas of Roseau and Lake of the Woods counties.
The project will improve community well-being and encourage job growth and
business expansion. The total eligible project cost is $709,481, with a $354,740
local match.

Wikstrom Telephone Co. (with Beamco Inc.), Rural Alvarado - $43,481.The project
will serve 11 unserved households and 1 unserved business in the Alvarado area,
in a remote part of Marshall County. The telephone company and Beamco Inc., a
local engineering and manufacturing company, are partnering to improve services
in the area. The project will enable Beamco to reach its suppliers and customers
in the U.S., Canada, Europe and China.  The total eligible project cost is
$86,963, with a $43,482 local match.

Wikstrom Telephone Co., Wiktel NW MN - $950,823.  This project will serve 236
unserved households and 26 unserved businesses in sparsely populated areas of
Kittson, Marshall, Roseau and Lake of the Woods counties. The project will
provide improved service that encourages job growth and business expansion in
the region. The total eligible project cost is $2.11 million, with a $1.16
million local match.

West Central

Consolidated Telecommunications Co., Kandiyohi County - $4.94 million.  The
project will serve 1,439 unserved households, 149 unserved businesses and four
community anchor institutions in the New London, Spicer and Willmar areas.
Consolidated Telecommunications Co. will improve broadband service to advance
community and economic development. The total eligible project cost is $9.87
million, with a $4.94 million local match.

Frontier, Kandiyohi Initiative - $1.02 million.  The project will serve 1,147
unserved households, 7 unserved businesses and 7 unserved community anchor
institutions in rural Kandiyohi County. Frontier will provide broadband services
that will help businesses grow and will improve work-life balance for employees.
The total eligible project cost is $2.03 million, with $1.01 million local
match.

Gardonville Cooperative Telephone, Douglas County Lake Louise - $68,240.  The
project will serve 28 unserved households and 7 unserved businesses in the Lake
Louise area. The Gardonville Cooperative Telephone Association project will
improve business development and help attract new residents and employees to the
area. Total eligible project cost is $153,348, with an $85,108 local match.

Otter Tail Telcom, Battle Lake - $238,170.  This project will serve 62 unserved
households in the Clitherall and Battle Lake areas. Otter Tail Telecom will
provide services that will improve telecommuting opportunities for workers,
encourage residents to start businesses, and serve as a magnet for attracting
new businesses. The total eligible project cost is $476,340, with a $238,170
local match.

Otter Tail Telcom, Fergus Falls Area - $279,271.  The project will serve 79
unserved households near Elizabeth and in rural Fergus Falls. Otter Tail Telecom
will provide services that will improve telecommuting opportunities for workers,
encourage residents to start new businesses, and serve as a magnet for
attracting new businesses. The total eligible project cost is $558,542, with
$279,271 local match.

Runestone Telephone, Holmes City 2 - $700,674.  The project will serve 267
unserved households and 32 unserved businesses in the Holmes City area in
Douglas County.  Runestone will build on its 2015 broadband grant project to
expand further into the Holmes City area. Goals of the project include reducing
the number of people leaving the area, reducing economic disparities and
mitigating the digital divide. The total eligible project cost is $1.4 million,
with a $700,674 local match.

West Central Telephone Association, Wadena Rural North - $718,850. The project
will serve 174 unserved households, 13 unserved businesses and two community
anchor institutions in Bluffton and Blowers townships in Otter Tail County and
portions of Rockwood, Leaf River, North Germany and Wing River townships,
including the community of Bluegrass, in Wadena County.The total eligible
project cost is $1.5 million, with a $778,755 local match.



East Central

Albany Mutual Telephone Association, Big Watab Lake - $726,185.  The project
will serve 242 unserved households in the Big Watab Lake area in Stearns County.
Albany Mutual will improve service for families that need high-speed broadband
for school and work. The total eligible project cost is $1.45 million, with a
$726,185 local match.

Benton Cooperative Telephone Co., Bock - $510,000.  This project will serve 337
unserved households, 37 unserved businesses and 1 community anchor institution
in Bock and portions of Hayland and Borgholm townships in Mille Lacs County and
a portion of South Fork Township in Kanabec County. Benton Cooperative will
provide services that will improve educational opportunities, telemedicine,
telecommuting and business development. The total eligible project cost is $1.76
million, with a $1.25 million local match.

Benton Cooperative Telephone Co., Buckman - $276,230.  The project will serve
130 unserved households, 17 unserved businesses and 1 community anchor
institution in Buckman and sections of Buckman and Morrill townships in Morrison
County. Benton Cooperative will provide services that will improve educational
opportunities, telemedicine, telecommuting and business development. The total
eligible project cost is $708,287, with a $432,057 local match.

Benton Cooperative Telephone Co., Ramey - $225,100.  The project will serve 122
unserved households and 5 unserved businesses in rural Ramey. Benton Cooperative
will provide services that will improve educational opportunities, telemedicine,
telecommuting and business development. The total eligible project cost is
$776,220, with a $551,120 local match.

Mediacom, Medina - $170,868.  The project will serve 76 unserved households and
35 underserved households in rural western Hennepin County. Mediacom Minnesota
LLC will make broadband improvements that support business development, health
care and educational opportunities in the area. The total eligible project cost
is $589,203, with a $418,335 local match.

Palmer Wireless, Big Lake Industrial Park - $90,988.  The project will serve 17
underserved businesses and 1 underserved community anchor institution in the Big
Lake Industrial Park. Palmer Wireless will improve services that will have a
positive impact on the economic health of Big Lake and businesses in the park.
The total eligible project cost is $211,600, with a $120,612 local match.

Palmer Wireless, Del Tone Road and St. Cloud Airport - $179,400.  This project
will serve 14 unserved businesses and 1 unserved community anchor institution on
the east side of St. Cloud. Palmer Wireless will make improvements that will
upgrade business connectivity in the Highway 10 corridor, increasing business
development opportunities and customer access. The total eligible project cost
is $460,000, with a $280,600 local match.

Sunrise Township (CenturyLink), Fiber to the Home - $1.07 million.  This project
will serve 584 unserved households, 10 unserved businesses and 2 community
anchor institutions in rural Sunrise Township in Chisago County. The CenturyLink
project will improve business, education, health care and telecommuting
opportunities in the area. The total eligible project cost is $2.39 million,
with a $1.31 million local match.

TDS Telecom, Cass and Crow Wing Counties - $3 million.  This project will serve
3,459 unserved households, 62 unserved businesses and 4 community anchor
institutions in Cass and Crow Wing counties, including Backus, Hackensack, Ideal
Corners, Pequot Lakes, Pine River and Woman Lake.TDS Telecom (dba Arvig
Telephone Co.) will provide improved services for 142 small enterprises that do
not have access to high-speed internet. The total eligible project cost is $6
million, with a $3 million local match.

Southwest

Arvig-Redwood County Telephone, Middle Mile Fiber Extension - $27,998.  This
project will serve 15 unserved households and 20 unserved businesses near
Morgan. Arvig-Redwood Telephone will improve service levels to this rural area,
which is home to Minnesota's annual FarmFest and relies on quality broadband
service for precision agriculture applications and to monitor crops and
livestock. The total eligible project cost is $62,218, with a $34,220 local
match.

Granada Telephone Co. (dba BEVCOMM), South Rural Granada - $157,920.  This
project will serve 26 unserved households and 14 unserved businesses in the
rural Granada area in Martin County. Granada Telephone will provide advanced
broadband services to farms and residences in the area. The total eligible
project cost is $394,800, with a $236,880 local match.

Lismore Cooperative Telephone Co., Nobles County Broadband - $2.94 million.
This project will serve 469 unserved households, 1,060 unserved businesses and 6
unserved community anchor institutions in Nobles County. Lismore Cooperative and
other partners will provide services that improve opportunities for health care,
education and telecommuting. The total eligible project cost is $5.89 million,
with a $2.94 million local match.

Martin County (with Frontier), Rural Broadband Initiative - $1.68 million.  This
project will serve 1,784 unserved households, 51 unserved businesses and nine
unserved community institutions in Martin County. Frontier Communications will
partner with Martin County to provide services that will attract economic
development and make businesses more competitive. The total eligible project
cost is $3.5 million, with a $1.82 million local match.

Midco, Canby to Marshall Middle Mile and Last Mile in
Porter-Taunton-Minneota-Ghent - $623,000.  This project will serve 1,029
unserved households, 29 unserved businesses and 11 unserved community
institutions in the communities of Porter, Taunton, Minneota, Ghent and Canby in
Yellow Medicine and Lyon counties. Midco will improve service levels for 100
percent of the homes and businesses in those areas. The total eligible project
costs are $1.6 million, with a $976,000 local match.

New Ulm Telecom Inc., Hanska - $200,397.  This project will serve 14 unserved
households and 32 unserved businesses in Lake Hanska Township in Brown County
and Riverdale Township in Watonwan County. New Ulm Telephone will improve
service levels in an area populated with farms and home-based businesses. The
total eligible project cost is $445,326, with a $244,929 local match.

Renville County, Hiawatha Broadband Communications & RS Fiber - $807,966.  This
project will serve 193 unserved households, 99 unserved businesses and th3ree
community anchor institutions in portions of Preston Lake, Boon Lake,
Brookfield, Osceola, Kingman, Winfield, Crooks, Erickson, Sacred Heart (North),
Emmet, Flora, Henryville, Norfolk, Birch Cooley, Camp and Cairo townships in
Renville County.  Hiawatha Broadband Communications and RS Fiber will provide
improved services that officials hope will stimulate business and population
growth. The total eligible project cost is $2.07 million, with a $1.26 million
local match.

Woodstock Telephone, Westbrook - $412,391.  This project will serve 368 unserved
households, 29 unserved businesses and 7 unserved community anchor institutions
in Westbrook in Cottonwood County. Woodstock will improve services that
encourage business growth and more access to health care, education and
telecommuting opportunities. The total eligible project cost is $916,424, with a
$504,033 local match.



Southeast

Acentek, Rural Lanesboro Fiber Build - $1.78 million.  This project will serve
431 unserved households, 42 unserved businesses and one community anchor
institution in the rural Lanesboro area, including Whalan, Carrolton Township
and Holt Township. The project will affect 22 business buildings and provide
telecommuting opportunities for employees of Rochester-based Mayo Clinic and IBM
who live in the Lanesboro area. The total eligible project cost is $4.68
million, with a $2.9 million local match.

Blue Earth Valley Telephone Co. (dba BEVCOMM), Rural Winnebago - $152,828.  This
project will serve 18 unserved households (including farms), 8 unserved
businesses, 2 underserved households and three underserved businesses in rural
Winnebago in Faribault County. Blue Earth Valley Telephone will improve services
that will help livestock and grain farmers in the region. The total eligible
project cost is $382,070, with a $229,242 local match.

Cannon Valley Telecom Inc. (dba BEVCOMM), Rural Freeborn - $150,700.  This
project will serve 10 unserved households, six unserved businesses, nine
underserved households and six underserved businesses in the rural Freeborn area
in Freeborn County. The Cannon Valley Telecom project will improve access to
health care and education. The total eligible project cost is $376,750, with a
$226,050 local match.

Eckles Telephone Co. (dba BEVCOMM), Rural Heidelberg - $188,000.  This project
will serve 51 unserved households, seven unserved businesses, 40 underserved
households and four underserved businesses in rural Heidelberg in Le Sueur
County. Eckles Telephone Co. will build a network that will enable farmers to
access applications and tools to make their operations more efficient and
enhance crop production. The project also will improve access to health care and
education. The total eligible project cost is $470,000, with a $282,000 local
match.

KMTelecom, Rural Mantorville - $764,663.  This project will serve 195 unserved
households, nine unserved businesses and one unserved community anchor
institution near Mantorville. The KMTelecom project will improve access to
education and health care and encourage business development in the area. The
total eligible project cost is $1.96 million, with a $1.2 million local match.

New Ulm Telecom Inc., Goodhue-Bellechester - $332,328.  This project will serve
15 unserved households, 46 unserved businesses, 25 underserved households, 43
underserved businesses and 1 underserved community anchor institution in the
area of Bellechester in Goodhue County. The New Ulm Telecom project will benefit
farms, home-based businesses, telecommuters, a USDA office, Ag Partners, Goodhue
school system, and several banking institutions and insurance companies. The
total eligible project cost is $739,107, with a $406,779 local match.

New Ulm Telecom Inc., Mazeppa - $317,761.  This project will serve 87 unserved
households, 11 unserved businesses and 66 underserved households in Mazeppa
Township in Wabasha County. New Ulm Telecom will improve services that will
benefit farms, home-based businesses, telecommuters, a USDA office, Ag Partners,
Mazeppa school system, and several banking institutions and insurance companies.
The total eligible project cost is $706,135, with a $388,374 local match.

Winona County, Pickwick Area - $416,640.  This project will serve 88 unserved
households, 89 unserved businesses, 2 unserved community anchor institutions, 23
underserved households and 23 underserved businesses within Wilson, Homer,
Richmond, Pleasant Hill and Wiscoy townships in Winona County. Hiawatha
Broadband Communications will provide improved services for home businesses and
telecommuters. The total eligible project cost is $868,000, with a $451,360
local match.

(divider]

RELATED STORIES

Minnesota DEED seeks broadband grants applications

Demand high for $10.6M state broadband program

(divider]

Like this article? Gain access to all of our great content with a month-to-month
subscription. SPECIAL: Start your subscription with our low intro rate of just
$9.99.

Click here for more from this resource.

Copyright © 2017 BridgeTower Media.  All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Yorkshire Post

                                 July 11, 2002

(GBP)122,000 boost will help farmers' support group

SOURCE: Yorkshire Post

BYLINE: David Garner

LENGTH: 255 words


A SUPPORT group which helps farmers to spread their costs by sharing skills,
equipment and time, is to expand its membership, thanks to a (GBP)122,000 grant
from DEFRA.

The Thirsk-based Ridings Machinery Ring has 250 members across North Yorkshire,
who provide a range of farming services and machinery, as well as extra help
during busy times of the year, or if a farmer is injured or simply wants to take
a holiday.

National Farmers' Union president Ben Gill, who farms near Easingwold, is a
member.

The Rural Enterprise Scheme grant will run for three years, and enable the
not-for-profit co-operative to recruit new members in North Yorkshire and the
East Riding, as well as extending the range of services offered.

Peter Day, RMR's manager, said: Given the changes which are happening in
farming, we felt that the ring needed to increase its membership to enable us to
help farmers make best use of their time and assets.

Ultimately we'd like to recruit 100 new members, with the RES grant providing
the kick-start we need .

Ridings Machinery Ring was formed in 1992 by a number of farmers and contractors
as an independent co-operative, with help from the former Ministry of
Agriculture. Since then the organisation has expanded its remit to encompass an
increasing range of services and benefits .

Senior rural development advisor for DEFRA, David Stirling, said: The Ridings
Machinery Ring helps farmers to rationalise their time and expenditure, enabling
them to farm as efficiently as possible.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2002

                       Copyright 2002 Johnston Press Plc


                              565 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 1, 2016 Saturday

USDA Announces $8.4 Million to Support Minority and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $8.4 million in grants that
will be used by organizations in 24 states to provide training, outreach and
technical assistance for socially disadvantaged, tribal and veteran farmers and
ranchers.





 "USDA was created to be 'The People's Department,' and in the past eight years
we have made tremendous progress in correcting past mistakes and creating a more
inclusive culture within our organization. Part of that legacy includes
supporting farmers and ranchers with diverse backgrounds and experience levels,"
said Vilsack. "The grants announced today will be leveraged by local partners
and help bring traditionally underserved people into farming, as well as
veterans who want to return home to rural areas."



     Tuskegee University, Alabama, $200,000

     Alaska Tribal Conservation Alliance, Alaska $187,316

     Little Colorado River Plateau Resource Conservation and Development,
Arizona, $200,000

     Developing Innovation in Navajo Education Inc., Arizona; also serving New
Mexico $200,000

     Painted Desert Demonstration Projects, Inc., Arizona; also serving New
Mexico and Utah, $199,599

     Arkansas Land & Community Development Corp., Arkansas, $199,583

     East Arkansas Enterprise Community, Arkansas, $199,165

     National Audubon Society, Inc., Arkansas, $142,182

     University Of Arkansas System, Arkansas, $200,000

     First Nations Development Institute, Colorado; also serving Tribal
Communities throughout U.S., $200,000

     Florida A & M University, Florida, $148,368

     North South Institute, Inc., Florida, $199,507

     Global Growers Network Inc., Georgia, $196,698

     Lei Ho'olaha, Hawaii, $100,000

     The Kohala Center, Hawaii, $200,000

     Southern University Agricultural and Mechanical College, Louisiana; also
serving Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia, $199,999

     Cultivating Community, Maine, $187,706

     Michigan Integrated Food & Farming Systems, Michigan, $199,998

     Red Lake Band Of Chippewa Indians, Minnesota, $104,342

     Fond Du Lac Tribal & Community College, Minnesota; also serving Michigan
and Wisconsin, $179,381

     Tougaloo College, Mississippi, $200,000

     Mississippi Minority Farmers Alliance Inc., Mississippi, $200,000

     Mississippi Asso. of Cooperatives, Mississippi, $200,000

     Winston County Self Help, Mississippi, $200,000

     Tri-County Agricultural Cooperative, Mississippi, $200,000

     Rural Development Leadership Network, Mississippi; also serving New Mexico,
$200,000

     Lincoln University, Missouri, $200,000

     University of Missouri System, Missouri, $179,614

     Fort Peck Community College, Montana, $198,506



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 1, 2016 Saturday

USDA Announces $8.4 Million to Support Minority and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $8.4 million in grants that
will be used by organizations in 24 states to provide training, outreach and
technical assistance for socially disadvantaged, tribal and veteran farmers and
ranchers.





 "USDA was created to be 'The People's Department,' and in the past eight years
we have made tremendous progress in correcting past mistakes and creating a more
inclusive culture within our organization. Part of that legacy includes
supporting farmers and ranchers with diverse backgrounds and experience levels,"
said Vilsack. "The grants announced today will be leveraged by local partners
and help bring traditionally underserved people into farming, as well as
veterans who want to return home to rural areas."



     Tuskegee University, Alabama, $200,000

     Alaska Tribal Conservation Alliance, Alaska $187,316

     Little Colorado River Plateau Resource Conservation and Development,
Arizona, $200,000

     Developing Innovation in Navajo Education Inc., Arizona; also serving New
Mexico $200,000

     Painted Desert Demonstration Projects, Inc., Arizona; also serving New
Mexico and Utah, $199,599

     Arkansas Land & Community Development Corp., Arkansas, $199,583

     East Arkansas Enterprise Community, Arkansas, $199,165

     National Audubon Society, Inc., Arkansas, $142,182

     University Of Arkansas System, Arkansas, $200,000

     First Nations Development Institute, Colorado; also serving Tribal
Communities throughout U.S., $200,000

     Florida A & M University, Florida, $148,368

     North South Institute, Inc., Florida, $199,507

     Global Growers Network Inc., Georgia, $196,698

     Lei Ho'olaha, Hawaii, $100,000

     The Kohala Center, Hawaii, $200,000

     Southern University Agricultural and Mechanical College, Louisiana; also
serving Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia, $199,999

     Cultivating Community, Maine, $187,706

     Michigan Integrated Food & Farming Systems, Michigan, $199,998

     Red Lake Band Of Chippewa Indians, Minnesota, $104,342

     Fond Du Lac Tribal & Community College, Minnesota; also serving Michigan
and Wisconsin, $179,381

     Tougaloo College, Mississippi, $200,000

     Mississippi Minority Farmers Alliance Inc., Mississippi, $200,000

     Mississippi Asso. of Cooperatives, Mississippi, $200,000

     Winston County Self Help, Mississippi, $200,000

     Tri-County Agricultural Cooperative, Mississippi, $200,000

     Rural Development Leadership Network, Mississippi; also serving New Mexico,
$200,000

     Lincoln University, Missouri, $200,000

     University of Missouri System, Missouri, $179,614

     Fort Peck Community College, Montana, $198,506



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Herald (South Africa)

                             August 24, 2009 Monday

Goat farming gets under way

BYLINE: Sibonelo Radebe

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 618 words


Co-op gets off the ground at last following alleged financial irregularities
 Our long-term vision is a sustainable farming operation for the benefit of the
broader community
  HERALD REPORTER
 theherald@avusa.co.za
 A MULTI-MILLION rand goat farming co-operative in the Makana Municipality has
finally taken off after its existence was threatened by organisational bickering
and alleged financial irregularities.


 The Makana Goat Farmers' Co-operative was conceptualised in 2005 and drew in a
group of about 50 emerging farmers from the government's land redistribution
initiative.
  The project received a R4-million grant from the European Union in 2007.
  The funding - allocated through the provincial development support entity
Thina Sinakho - was suspended following allegations of financial irregularities
by some members of the previous management team.
  This involved R500000 in unapproved procurement. The old structure was
dissolved last year and a new one put in place.
 Supported by the Makana Municipality, the project seems ready to roll after it
took delivery of 175 goats last month. It was designed to focus on goat milk
production and to eventually broaden activity through beneficiation into areas
like cheese production.
  "Our long-term vision is to create a sustainable farming operation for the
benefit of the broader community," said cooperative chairman Vuyisile Mamkeli.
  "This is particularly important for our young people who are being ravaged by
unemployment and poverty," he said. New and effective accounting measures had
been adopted.
 Makana local economic development director Riana Meiring said structures had
been devised to prevent recurrence of financial irregularities. These include a
joint procurement committee which approves all major payments, and a project
monitoring committee.
 The project's operations are to run on nine farms in Grahamstown. The first
batch of goats was delivered at Lower Gletwyn Farm to run a pilot phase. The
emphasis, Mamkeli said, was on adapting the goats to their new environment. The
herd of 175 was acquired from a Cape Town- based goat breeder.
 Mamkeli said the project had a five- year plan to become a fully fledged
operation. The entire plan is likely to fetch about R30-million. The
co-operative will first improve infrastructure at Lower Gletwyn, including power
and water installation.
  The second phase will be focused in developing another farm, Inniskilling, for
the beneficiation process. The project aims to have at least 100 goats on each
of nine farms.
  The other farms are Koodoovale, Pershoek, Broughton, Salemville, Inniskilling,
Greenfield and Alicedale.
 Mamkeli said the co-operative was eyeing institutions like the Eastern Cape
Development Corporation and the National Development Agency to raise further
funds.
 A chunk of the EU money was used for training and skills development for the
operators, mainly offered by rural and agricultural development consulting firm
Scientific Roets.
  The firm has offered training to 50 members of the co-operative. Skills
acquired included animal farming and business and financial management.
  Co-operative secretary Lulamile Salazi said the major challenge was getting
more funding to take the project towards its final phase.
  "Goats milk is much more nutritious than cows milk," Salazi said. "People are
becoming more health- conscious, which should draw them to our product."
 Agricultural economist Thula Dlamini had reservations about the viability of
the project, saying goat milk had a limited market. But he saw openings in the
export market.
 FRESH START ... Vuyisile Mamkeli, chairman of the Makana Goat Farmers'
Co-operative in the Albany district. Picture: SIBONELO RADEBE

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald


                    Copyright 2009 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                              May 11, 2015 Monday

Local winery stomps out Hatch Chile Wine

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 437 words


WASHINGTON, D.C. &GT;&GT; Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that USDA
is making $30 million available to farmers, ranchers and food entrepreneurs to
develop new product lines. Funding will be made available through USDA's
Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.

"Value-Added Producer Grants enable them to develop new product lines to grow
their businesses and expand their contributions to our nation's economy. This
support is especially important for beginning farmers, military veterans
engaging in farming and smaller farm operations participating in the local and
regional food system."

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner added, "This program has had
great success here in New Mexico by helping numerous businesses grow over the
years." Brunner added, "New Mexico Wineries in Deming is an example of one
business we've helped with funds to help them with marketing a new line of Hatch
chile-infused wine." The wine is made and bottled at St. Clair Winery located
east of Deming's city limits on NM Highway 549.

The deadline to submit paper applications is July 7. Electronic applications
submitted through grants.gov are due July 2. Also, information can be obtained
by calling the New Mexico Rural Development Business Program office at:
505-761-4956.

VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or additional uses for already developed product lines. Military
veterans, socially disadvantaged, and beginning farmers and ranchers; operators
of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches; farmer and rancher
cooperatives; and applicants that propose mid-tier value chain projects are
given special priority in applying for VAPGs. Additional priority is given to
group applicants who seek funding for projects that "best contribute" to
creating or increasing marketing opportunities for these type of operators.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 853 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $104.5
million. Approximately 19 percent of the grants and 13 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During the 2013-2014 funding
cycle, nearly half of VAPG awards went to farmers and ranchers developing
products for the local food sector.

Since the 2009 bill's enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement
each provision of this critical legislation, including expanding access to rural
credit, developing new markets for rural-made products, and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve the quality of
life in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill .

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy Photo St. Clair Winery in Deming has launched a Hatch Chile
infused wine through federal funding available through the USDA.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday

VEC, NRECA announce Next Generation Solar Initiative in Vermont, US

SECTION: RESTAURANT; Products/Brands/Services

LENGTH: 684 words



HIGHLIGHT: Today, Governor Shumlin joined officials from the Vermont Electric
Cooperative (VEC) and the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association
(NRECA), as well as Vermont legislators to announce a first-in-the-nation
federal partnership for Next Generation Solar energy in Vermont.


This partnership will result in Vermont's largest utility-scale solar project,
making solar energy an option for more VEC customers and providing a model for
cooperative utilities and their customers across the country.

"We have been at the forefront of energy innovation in Vermont; we were early
adopters of Smart Meters and deployed before any other utility, and we are going
to meet Vermont's goal of 20% renewable energy by 2020, 3 years ahead of
schedule by 2017," said VEC CEO David Hallquist. "But we can't stop there. With
this Next Generation Solar project we will bring solar power to more of our
coop's customers, at a lower cost, and at competitive market rates. And, by
collaborating with other coops across the country, the Department of Energy and
NRECA, our lessons learned will benefit all customers of cooperative utilities."

Governor Shumlin noted, "This is exactly the kind of innovation we need as
Vermont leads the country in renewable energy development. We're helping to
address climate change, creating jobs and spurring economic development, and
helping to bring down the cost of solar power in our state and across the
country. This project is a win on all fronts."

"We have a bold vision here in Vermont and across the country for an energy
transformation: phasing fossil fuels out as quickly as possible in favor of
clean, renewable energy. Solar energy is a central part of that vision, and this
new SunShot grant will make it easier for Vermont Electric and rural electric
cooperatives around the U.S. to install solar panels. That's a win for clean
energy and a win for jobs," said Senator Bernie Sanders.

"This is yet another important development in Vermont's path toward energy
independence," said Rep. Peter Welch. "Once again, our state is demonstrating to
the country that affordable renewable energy isn't a distant pipe dream, but an
idea for today. I commend DOE, VEC and all of the other partners for this
investment to help make solar energy an increasingly affordable alternative."

VEC is participating with 14 other cooperatives nationwide on a $4.8 million
research project to identify and address barriers to utility-scale solar
installations. The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) is providing $3.6 million
through their SunShot Initiative, a national collaborative effort to make solar
energy cost-competitive with other forms of electricity by the end of the
decade. The $3.6 million will be matched by a $1.2 million cost share from the
National Rural Electric Cooperative Association (NRECA), the National Rural
Utility Cooperative Finance Corporation (CFC), Federated Rural Electric
Insurance Exchange, PowerSecure International, Inc. (NYSE: POWR) and fifteen
participating cooperatives, including VEC. The collaborative project will
capitalize on:

Standardized engineering designs to minimize design and engineering costs.
 Volume purchasing program through NRECA's National Discounts Program
 A series of pre-packaged business plans and financing options through
Cooperative Finance Corporation (CFC)
 Tailored insurance package
 Reduced Labor Costs. Targeting a 25% reduction
 Extensive outreach and training

"This project represents real progress toward an effective energy future, which
promises to lower the cost of power for many with a project close to home," said
Senator Robert Hartwell, Chair of the Senate Committee on Natural Resources and
Energy. "Another added benefit is a very significantly lessened environmental
impact, compared to large scale energy development in sensitive areas in
Vermont."

"Vermont is leading the way, piloting solar options that will enable
consumer-members to take advantage of cheaper solar panels without compromising
safety or reliability," said Jo Ann Emerson, CEO, National Rural Electric
Cooperative Association.

Cooperatively-owned utility scale solar projects will benefit all customers, but
particularly those whose homes are not properly sited for solar installations,
for those who rent their homes or office spaces or customers would like to
purchase solar panels but can't afford the investment to install on-site.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 998 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 20, 2017 Monday

Barnyard briefs: Wildlife management workshop March 28 in St. Matthews

BYLINE: The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 981 words


March 20--Wildlife management workshop scheduled

ST. MATTHEWS -- A wildlife management workshop is scheduled for Tuesday, March
28 at the  Tri-County Electric Cooperative.

The Calhoun County Clemson Extension office along with the South Carolina Farm
Bureau is sponsoring the workshop, which will focus on farm pond, feral hog,
quail, coyote and beaver management.

The workshop will be held from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. The electric cooperative is
located at 6473 Old State Road.

The cost for the event is $20. The cost is payable at the door by check made out
to Clemson University or by cash only. Preregistration is required for lunch.

The program's agenda is:

* 8:30-9 a.m. -- registration

* 9-10:30 a.m. -- pond management

* 10:30-noon -- feral hog control

* Noon-1 p.m. -- lunch and quail habitat management

* 1-2:30 p.m. -- beaver management

* 2:30-4 p.m. -- coyote management

* 4-5 p.m. -- outdoor trapping demonstrations

Presenters will be: Calhoun County Clemson Extension Agent Charles Davis;
Clemson Extension Wildlife Specialist Dr. Corey Heaton; South Carolina
Department of Natural Resources Quail Biologist Susan Sullivan; and SCDNR
Furbearer Program Manager Jay Butfiloski.

Individuals can preregister by emailing tkinsey@clemson.edu or by calling
803-874-2354 EXT 114. For more information, contact Charles Davis at
cdvs@clemson.edue or 803-874-2354. Ext. 114.

Amick honored as top Clemson ag alumnus

William B. Amick of Neeses has been named recipient of the Outstanding Young
Agricultural Alumnus Award by Clemson University's College of Agriculture,
Forestry and Life Sciences and its National Agricultural Alumni Board.

Amick, a 2012 Clemson graduate with a degree in applied economics and statistics
and a minor in business administration, is a partner, adviser and registered
representative with Amick and Associates in Columbia, where he develops business
and wealth-management plans.

An active community member, Amick in involved in the Lexington County Farm
Bureau Young Farmer and Rancher Organization. He chairs the Youth and Education
Committee of the S.C. Duck Stamp Program and plans and coordinates fundraising
events for South Carolina's Ducks Unlimited that grosses more than $50,000
annually for the benefit of wetland conservation.

Upon graduating from Lexington High School, Amick served as state vice president
of the S.C. FFA Association and was chosen by the National FFA Organization to
participate in the first International Leadership Conference held in China.

While at Clemson, Amick successfully led the effort to secure university
approval to establish the agribusiness major, which has attracted many
outstanding students. He was also selected to participate in the Clemson
-sponsored International Study Program to South Africa.

Amick is presently serving as a member of the National Agricultural Alumni Board
of the College of Agriculture, Forestry and Life Sciences at Clemson.

The son of Blake and Dell Amick of Columbia, Amick was nominated for the
Outstanding Young Agricultural Alumnus Award by John W. Parris of Columbia,
director of the SC Agri-News Service and a charter member of Clemson's National
Agricultural Alumni Board of Directors.

USDA seeks grant applications for rural energy

COLUMBIA -- USDA Rural Development is accepting grant applications until March
31 from rural businesses interested in energy-efficiency upgrades or the
installation of renewable energy systems.

For projects that generate renewable energy, such as solar panels, applicants
may apply for a grant of up to $500,000. For projects that increase a business'
energy efficiency, such as installing energy efficient lighting or heating and
cooling equipment upgrades, applicants may apply for a grant of up to $250,000.

For both project types, grant money can cover up to 25 percent of the eligible
project costs. Large-scale projects can apply for USDA financing through a REAP
guaranteed loan throughout the year.

For information, contact Rural Development Energy Coordinator Shannon Legree at
803-253-3150 or Shannon.legree@sc.usda.gov

Farmers can nominate schools for STEM grants

ST. LOUIS, Mo. -- The number of jobs with an emphasis in science, technology,
engineering and math (STEM) is expected to grow significantly over the next 10
years, according to the National Science and Math Initiative.

To help K-12 educators enhance their STEM curriculum, the America's Farmers Grow
Rural Education program, sponsored by the Monsanto Fund, will once again provide
farmers with the opportunity to nominate their Orangeburg County public schools
for opportunities to receive $10,000 and $25,000 grants.

In 2017, the Grow Rural Education program will award approximately $2.3 million
to deserving schools. Since the program began in 2011, it has awarded more than
$11 million to schools in rural communities across the United States.

To qualify for a Grow Rural Education grant, farmers in eligible counties must
nominate an eligible rural public school district to compete for a merit-based
grant of either $10,000 or $25,000. Farmers can nominate their school district
from January 1 to April 1, 2017.

After the school district receives a nomination, the Monsanto Fund will notify
the district and encourage administrators and teachers to design a grant that
enhances STEM education in their district.

Nominated school districts have until April 15, 2017, to submit a grant
application describing their project. An advisory council composed of farmer
leaders then reviews finalist applications and selects the winning school
districts.

To nominate a local school district for one of the Grow Rural Education grants,
as well as a complete list of program rules and eligibility information, farmers
can go to GrowRuralEducation.com.

___ (c)2017 The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) Visit The Times and
Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) at thetandd.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170320-GG-Barnyard-briefs-Wildlife-management-workshop-March-28-in-St-Matthews
-0320-20170320

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2017 The Times and Democrat


                              571 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 19, 2007 Friday

Fairbank business park breaks ground

BYLINE: Josh Nelson, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 353 words


Jan. 19--FAIRBANK -- A blanket of white snow didn't deter a groundbreaking for
an industrial park on the northeast edge of Fairbank Thursday.

The nine-lot park, which will take up about 10.7 acres, was developed mainly
because there wasn't enough room for business to grow within the city, said Mick
Kane, Fairbank Development Corp. president. At least one business has plans to
move to the park, Kane said.

The park was first proposed in 2004, before a 100-million-gallon ethanol plant
was built by Hawkeye Renewables a half-mile northeast of town. Kane said he
thinks some businesses related to the plant may spring up in the park in the
future.

"We don't have any exact plans for that," Kane said. "Obviously, if somebody
would approach us with something like that, we'd definitely be taking a look at
it."

The Buchanan County Board of Supervisors approved an urban renewal zone that
included the park in September.

The park also received a zero-percent interest, 10-year loan for $300,000 from
the Butler County REC to help pay for infrastructure development and buy land.
The money was originally a $300,000 grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development office.

"That's huge, it's going to finance the majority of the project," Kane said.

Doug Moss, rural development area director, said the USDA has had a close
working relationship with rural electric cooperatives for years. Similar grants
have been used for projects for community betterment and economic development
projects in Grundy, Greene and Bremer counties.

About half the money given out is for economic development projects, Moss said.
When the money from the loan is paid back, it will be used to set up a revolving
loan program for other projects, he said.

Contact Josh Nelson at (319) 291-1565 or josh.nelson@wcfcourier.com.

Copyright (c) 2007, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070119-OO-0119-Fairbank-business-park-breaks-ground

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2007 Waterloo Courier


                              572 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            January 13, 2014 Monday

Nabard cuts refinance rates, launches crop 'pilots'

LENGTH: 471  words

DATELINE: Thiruvananthapuram


Thiruvananthapuram, Jan. 13 -- National Bank for Agriculture and Rural
Development (Nabard) has cut the rate of interest on refinance provided to banks
for investment credit with effect from Tuesday last.


 The refinance rate has been revised lower by 20 basis points as per a decision
taken by the Nabard board that met in New Delhi, an official spokesman said
here.
 REVISED RATES
 The revised rate of interest on refinance for a period of five years for
commercial banks, State Cooperative Banks, Regional Rural Banks and Primary
Urban Cooperative Banks will be 9.70 per cent.
 The revised rate of interest for refinance for a period of three to five years
will be 9.90 per cent, the spokesman added.
 Banks drawing refinance of Rs 500 crore and more in a single drawal will be
allowed further reduction of 10 basis points, making the effective rates 9.60
per cent and 9.80 per cent respectively.
 For State Cooperative Agriculture and Rural Development Banks, 10 basis points
reduction is allowed for a single drawal of Rs 200 crore and above only.
 CROP-SPECIFIC PROJECTS
 The board has approved three crop-specific project pilots for potato in
Hooghly, tomato in Karnal, and onion in Nasik, the spokesman said.
 Production and post-production interventions for these will be implemented by
primary agriculture co-operative societies.
 The pilots envisage crop-specific market surveys, identification of specific
market players and marketing support through establishment of project market
facilitation centres.
 They will provide for productivity enhancing measures and post-harvest
interventions, which include support for irrigation particularly
micro-irrigation; scientific storage facility; cold storages; and setting-up of
agro-service centres.
 Total outlay for the projects is Rs 37.20 crore comprising loan and grant
support of Rs 18.43 crore and Rs 2.43 crore respectively from Nabard and a
subsidy support of Rs 16.34 crore from the Central/State Governments.
 WAREHOUSING PROJECTS
 The pilots will also support promotional interventions including field
demonstrations, crop and activity specific training and capacity building of
farmers, exposure visits, etc. for ensuring technology adoption by them.
 Nabard has sanctioned 548 warehousing projects in seven States at a cost of Rs
1,046 crore, the spokesman pointed out.
 These projects will on completion create additional storage scientific space of
11.30 lakh tonnes for agriculture commodities and also help in better price
discovery for farmers.
 Nabard Warehousing Scheme 2013-14 has been formulated as per the announcement
made in the Union Budget with a corpus of Rs 5,000 crore.
 It envisages financial support for construction of warehouses; godowns; silos;
cold storages; and cold chain infrastructure to store agriculture produce, both
in public and private sectors.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              July 21, 2014 Monday

Use of pig manure as a renewable source of energy in three rural communities
located in the watershed of the municipality Placetas Zaza

LENGTH: 569  words


Project Number: CUB/SGP/OP5/Y2/STAR/CC/13/13


Country: Cuba
Area Of Work: Climate Change Mitigation


Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 50,000.00


Co-Financing cash: US$ 20,000.00


Start Date: 1/2014


End Date: 1/2016


Status: Currently under execution


Project Description: The project will be implemented in 3 municipal cooperatives
Placetas, Reinaldo Cepeda CCS, CCS and CPA Guiteras Antonio Rafael Santana, and
responds to the policy of Local Development Programme territory related to the
environment and energy, specifically to actions aimed at sustainable production
of great importance to it and for the life of families and communities.
Characteristically, these productions generate negative environmental impact of
large and limits the possibilities of increased reproduction of this culture and
the way of life and livelihood of families and communities.


The introduction of renewable energy technologies (67 digesters PVC geomembrane)
from an environmental and sociocultural perspective allow the bill to become a
comprehensive solution for the sustainability and development of pig production,
which now constitute the main economic activity and livelihood of life in the
communities where it operates: This technology is aimed at reducing the
pollution load in the Rio Zaza, care of the water table, decreasing the emission
of methane which is a greenhouse gas (GHG ), soil improvement through the use of
organic matter, saving electricity and thereby saving fossil fuels, affecting
the humanization of work of rural women, the development of sustainable and
environmentally responsible technology models that can be reproduced in the
production environment.
The project will be implemented in the municipality Placetas. This town is
located in the central part of Cuba, bordered to the north by the municipalities
of Camajuaní and Remedios, on the south by the municipalities Cabaiguán and
Development Spiritus and Villa Clara Manicaragua Township, on the east by the
municipalities of Remedios and Cabaiguán and to the west by the municipalities
and Manicaragua Santa Clara. It is located 30 kilometers from the city of Santa
Clara, the capital of the province of Villa Clara. It has a total of 69260
inhabitants, of which 35276 are male and 33984 are female. It has a land area of
??656.47 square kilometers with a population density of 105.5 people per square
kilometers, located in 15 popular councils.
Project actions will be implemented on 67 farms in the municipality cooperatives
Placetas, Villa Clara province, located in areas of flat topography in the
northeastern areas, center and south of the village. These cooperatives are
located in the Zaza River Basin, the second largest in the country.

Grantee: Cooperativa Agrícola Reinaldo Cepeda


Organisation Mission : For GEF SGP, the community-based approach is the
cornerstone for addressing local and global environmental and sustainable
development challenges. SGP provides grants to civil
Project completion date : 2016-01-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : Calle 18, no. 110 between 1st u 3rd Miramar
Havana
Attn:  Mr. Fabio Fajardo

Country :Cuba
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017


Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000


Call: +1 (212) 963-1234

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                              May 31, 2004 Monday

Farm Briefs

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 182 words


Logan County Extension -- 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. Wednesday, Dave Sasse farm, Beason;
field crop scouting workshop; hands-on and classroom experience. Call (217)
447-3409.

U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development -- 10 a.m. Wednesday, McLean
County Farm Bureau, 402 N. Hershey Road, Bloomington; renewable energy systems
grants workshop for farmers, cooperatives and rural small businesses; grants are
due July 19. To register: (309) 663-6497.

McLean County Extension -- 8:45 a.m. June 7, Illinois State University Farm,
Lexington; multi-regional 4-H livestock judging contest. Wear clean shoes and
clean clothes; $2 charge for plastic boots. Call (309) 663-8306.

McLean County Timeless Clovers 4-H Alumni -- 7 p.m. June 7 at Extension Office,
402 N. Hershey Road, Bloomington; square dance lesson with caller Ed Elder of
Bloomington; bring a snack. Call (309) 838-1156.

University of Illinois Extension -- June 16-17, Grand Harbor Resort, Dubuque,
Iowa; four-state dairy management seminar; discussion of trace minerals, hoof
care, forage feeding and antibiotic use; $95. Register by June 8.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                              575 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 29, 1998 Tuesday

BYLINE: Joe Gardyasz

LENGTH: 612 words


It won't be hard to find leaders in Bismarck later this week, as three
leadership-oriented events draw people from across the state. The Harold Schafer
Leadership Center's 1998 Schafer Institute for Entrepreneurship, which begins
Thursday morning, will overlap with the Governor's Leadership Development
Conference, which begins that evening. Meanwhile, the North Dakota Association
of Rural Electric Cooperatives will hold its annual meeting the same days in
Bismarck. The topic?

Leadership. While the governor's conference is open to anyone and focuses on
developing the state's emerging local leaders, the invitation-only Harold
Schafer event will be a networking opportunity for some of the state's top
business leaders. Having both the governor's conference and the Harold Schafer
events on the same days really began as a coincidence, said Cornelius Grant,
executive director of the Rural Development Council. ""When we did find out we
were both scheduled at the same time, basically we decided we would coordinate
and make the events complimentary, so no one would have to pick and choose
between the two,'' he said. Well, almost no one. The dual events Thursday mean a
lot of driving for the governor, who will: þ Speak at the Harold Schafer
Institute event at 3 p.m. at University of Mary. þ Do the welcome at the
governor's conference dinner at the Bismarck Civic Center at 6 p.m. þ Attend the
awards presentation at the Harold Schafer event back at U-Mary that evening.
""He's all over the place on Thursday,'' a spokesperson at the governor's office
said Monday. More than 800 people are expected to attend the governor's
leadership conference; about 8,000 invitations were sent out in August. Schafer
announced the effort early this year as a means for the state to identify and
groom emerging community leaders. Sixteen breakout sessions on various
leadership topics will be held throughout the day Friday, whereas the Harold
Schafer event wraps up at 10 a.m. Friday, Grant said, ""so people can take
advantage of most of the events at the governor's conference.'' The governor's
conference is the fourth in a series of events initiated by Leadership North
Dakota, a partnership of the governor's office, the North Dakota Leadership
System Consortium and the Rural Development Council. Jim Kouzes, author of ""The
Leadership Challenge,'' and chairman of The Tom Peters Group, a leadership
think-tank, will be the keynote speaker for the governor's conference on
Thursday evening. That same evening, Harold Schafer will present the first
Schafer Excellence in Enterprise Award to Ron Offutt, president of the Ron
Offutt Co., the country's largest potato producer and parent company of RDO
Equipment. Other events scheduled for the Harold Schafer event include a
luncheon speech by Roughrider Award recipient Admiral William Owens. The
institute is a project the University of Mary's new Harold Schafer Leadership
Center. The first institute, themed ""Helping N.D. businessgrow through
technology and teamwork,'' will set the pattern for the annual event, said
organizer Fran Gronberg at the University of Mary. On Friday, the rural electric
cooperative's convention will feature John Carver, a board leadership expert who
is billed as the new ""guru of the nonprofits,'' who will speak on ""Governing
the Electric Cooperative.'' Carver is also the first scheduled speaker Friday
during the governor's conference, where he will speak on ""Putting a New Face on
Leadership.'' For more information on the Governor's Leadership Development
Conference, call the governor's office at 328-2200, or visit the Leadership
North Dakota Web site at www.health.state.nd.us/gov.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1998 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                      DFA

                             July 17, 2014 Thursday

R60m for|NC jobs

LENGTH: 646  words


WITH unemployment causing havoc in the Northern Cape, the provincial government
yesterday announced that it would spend more than R60 million this year on
programmes to develop and support job-creating enterprises.

Tabling the Economic Development and Tourism budget for the 2014/15 financial
year in the Northern Cape Provincial Legislature yesterday, the MEC for Finance,
Economic Development and Tourism, John Block, said that the provincial
government's worry about unemployment rising to 29 percent in the first quarter
of 2014 has prompted it to allocate the bulk of the department's budget, namely
R63.969 million, on its programme to assist ventures that would create jobs.

The programme, namely the Integrated Economic Development Services, is
responsible for the promotion and support of sustainable integrated economic
development through developing enterprises, local economies and empowering
historically disadvantaged individuals.

"To this effect we have allocated R63.969 million for this financial year, of
which R35 million is committed to the Economic Growth and Development Fund
(EGDF) and R4.102 million is received as conditional grants for the
implementation of the Expanded Public Workers (EPWP) initiatives," Block said.

He said that the government, in partnership with the Northern Cape SMME Trust,
would roll the SMME (Small Medium and Micro Enterprises) development programme
to the tune of R5 million to a number of small businesses in an effort to
maximise job creation at these entities.

Block added that since unemployment affected young people the most, government
would priorities the youth in job-creation initiatives and skills development
programmes.

"We will focus on co-ordinating SMME support services and ensure capacity
building at district and municipal level through partnerships with Small
Enterprise Development (Seda) branches, which will implement the Cadet Programme
to place young graduates in each municipality. An amount of R1.5 million has
been set aside for this initiative," he said.

Block also allocated a further R2.8 million to the Bloodhound Supersonic Car
project and said that jobs in the area would be created through the project.

"This programme is a catalyst for rural development in the Mier area," he said.

He urged the people of the Northern Cape to form co-operatives as a means to
empower themselves economically.

"Ten existing co-operatives in the agriculture, arts and crafts and
manufacturing sectors are supported through grants by the Department of Trade
and Industry's Co-operative Incentive Scheme, which gives them exposure to
markets, training in business skills, mentorship as well as assistance with
Broad-Based Black Economic Empowerment (BBBEE) certification.

"Furthermore, five new co-operatives in the textile, manufacturing and tourism
sectors, will be similarly supported and developed," Block said.

He added that a body called Co-operative Movement will be established and
launched in the last quarter of the current financial year, as a key driver and
stakeholder in the development of the co-operatives sector in the Province.

Block added that the government would use this financial year to form
partnerships with State-owned entities in order to create procurement
opportunities for local SMMEs.

"We are targeting 30 SMMEs to access public and private sector procurement
opportunities."

He said that the department's EPWP programme will focus on projects that would
render post EPWP employment and entrepreneurial opportunities for participants
to serve as an exit strategy.

Other allocations are as follows:

Business Regulation and Governance: R27.613 million

Economic Planning: R17.021 million

Northern Cape Liquor Board: R7.090 million

Consumer Protection Authority: R7.839 million

Gambling and Betting: R7.880 million

DFA  1999 - 2014 Independent Newspapers (Pty) Limited. All rights strictly
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1303


             Copyright 2014 DFA Independent Newspaper (Pty) Limited
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              July 4, 2014 Friday

World Bank helps boost competitiveness of Armenian agriculture

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The World Bank today approved a US$ 32.67 million financing for the Second
Community Agricultural Resource Management and Competitiveness (CARMAC) Project
for Armenia. This Project is designed to improve productivity and sustainability
of pasture and livestock systems in up to 100 communities in eight regions of
Armenia with significant pasture areas and increase the marketed production from
selected livestock and high value agri-food value chains. For the women and men
living in Armenia's rural communities, agriculture remains the main source of
employment and livelihoods. Thus, developing farmers' productivity, including
through cooperatives and associations, and strengthening the links between
agricultural producers and the food processing industry are critical. The
project will help address key constraints by improving market access, supporting
the commercialization process, and enhancing employment opportunities while
protecting the natural environment. The second CARMAC expands the scope of the
first project, notably its successful pasture-based livestock activities, to
include a new value chain component linking livestock and other agriculture
production with markets.


Enhancing productivity and strengthening market access of farmers are key to
reducing poverty and boosting shared prosperity in rural areas, says Jean-Michel
Happi, World Bank Country Manager for Armenia. Project activities are devised in
such a way as to mainly benefit pasture users, farmer cooperatives, as well as
food business operators. At least 50,000 farmers are expected to participate in
this project through their membership in Pasture Users' Cooperatives (PUC). The
proposed project will further implement an efficient and sustainable community
managed pasture based livestock production and include new communities
exhibiting a strong interest, adding to the already existing 86 communities
covered by the on-going CARMAC project. Pasture users cooperatives will be
established in about 100 communities, which will be the key players in
developing sustainable pasture/livestock management plans and receiving grant
resources of about US$ 200,000 per PUC for their implementation. Funding may
include financing of infrastructure to access and use remote pastures, milk
collection points with cooling equipment, machinery to produce and harvest
fodder, and other activities of community importance.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Western Daily Press

                            April 15, 2006 Saturday

Organic milk experts target the West with training grant

SECTION: Pg. 67

LENGTH: 195 words


Organic dairy farmers are being offered specialised on-farm training in a scheme
run by Britain's biggest organic milk co-operative.

Somerset-based OMSCo, the Organic Milk Suppliers Cooperative, has won a grant
from Defra's Rural Development Programme to start vocational training for its
farmers in the South West.

The two-year initiative will provide OMSCo members with expert training on
aspects of organic production ranging from soil management to the nature and
structure of the organic milk market.

The majority of the sessions are conducted on the members' own farms with
regular follow-up visits tailored to meet their individual requirements.

Project manager Peter Savidge says individual topics will be presented by
well-known industry experts. "As well as providing farmers with the knowledge to
maximise the growth and production of their farms, the courses will be an
opportunity to meet other OMSCo members, and they can use the occasion as a
forum to exchange ideas, share problems and offer solutions, " he said.

The first training days take place this month and will run until December 2007.
OMSCo later hopes to roll out the pilot scheme across all regions.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

Post Office's viability must be built on a public interest mandate

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 938 words


By late November, the crippling SA Post Office (Sapo) strike was into its fourth
month. All the signs were that Santa's delivery sled wouldn't pitch for our
approaching festive season, eroding the post office's already badly tarnished
reputation. So it might seem like a fool's errand now to defend the importance
of rebuilding and transforming Sapo. I can hear the cynics sneering only someone
who believes in Father Christmas would think that possible or desirable.

But even discounting labour disruptions, South Africa's postal services have
experienced a decline over the past decade. It's a worldwide trend as internet
access has expanded exponentially. While for a majority of South Africans the
Post Office remains a critical (if unreliable) institution, privately owned
courier services, without the challenge of public interest mandates, have also
cherry-picked |the more lucrative business end of |parcel delivery.

Is the Post Office condemned to an inevitable demise? Fortunately, there are
inspiring counter-examples. In India and Brazil, for instance, publicly owned
post offices have vigorously adapted to the |new challenges and expanded their
developmental impact.

India's central bank now uses India Post and its 155 000 post offices as the key
delivery outlet for social grants, paid directly into postal accounts. India
Post also handles 35 million accounts for participants in the country's
acclaimed rural, public works programme. According to the central bank, "this
approach has considerably stopped the diminishing of funds on their way from
grantor to receipt through corruption". India Post also has an agreement with
the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development to distribute loans to
co-operatives in rural India.

In Brazil, the federal postal company, Correios, with 12 200 post offices and
109 000 employees, is the largest employer in the country. It, too, has moved
aggressively to reinvent itself as a public "bank of services", using its
extensive network to provide social grants, microcredit, internet access, while
contracting its distribution network to other government agencies and even
private businesses.

These examples have been studied by policymakers in South Africa, and attempts
made to emulate their successes. So what's gone wrong? It's a question the task
team established in December involving the Treasury, the Department of Post and
Telecommunications, and now overseen by deputy president Cyril Ramaphosa, will
need to ask.

In July 2009, social development minister Bathabile Dlamini sought to bring Sapo
in as a partner for the payment of social grants. New beneficiaries were given
the option of opening a Postbank account into which grants would be paid
directly. Within eight months, more than 460 000 beneficiaries had opened
Postbank accounts. The arrangement had benefits all round. Sassa (the
government's social security agency) paid the Postbank a monthly R14.59 handling
fee per account, less than half the R32.11 the dominant private grant payout
contractor Cash Paymaster was being paid.

Sadly, a combination of corruption at Sassa and poor appointments in Sapo during
the era of disgraced former communications minister Dina Pule saw this promising
start unravelling. In February 2012, in a tender the courts ruled flawed, Cash
Paymaster mysteriously won the contract for social grant payments across the
country. Postbank lost out, with serious implications for its financial
viability.

Meanwhile, as mentioned in a previous column, Cash Paymaster, a subsidiary of
US-listed Net1, using grant beneficiaries' banking details, has preyed,
loan-shark style, on grant monies. Beneficiaries are bombarded with offers of
multiple funeral insurance schemes and credit (at whopping interest rates) for
things like airtime, with deductions then made automatically from grants. In
December 2013, Cash Paymaster reported company profits had increased by 146
percent!

Back at the post office, things were also deteriorating. A weak board failed to
provide leadership, but succeeded in holding multiple meetings. In the financial
year 2013/14, there were 22 meetings, with board members paying themselves R4.6m
in fees. For their part, the senior executives at Sapo were awarded a 25 percent
salary increase last year, despite the institution suffering major losses and an
audit disclaimer. The board was finally forced to resign in November, and some
senior executives suspended and under investigation.

Mismanagement and widespread use of casualised labour lay behind the prolonged
strike led by a rather disorganised Communications Workers Union. The CWU
leadership appears to be more focused on involvement in Numsa-led factionalism
within Cosatu than in leading a strategic defence of the post office and its
public mandate. Hopefully this will change.

The government task team is to report back in the coming weeks. While there
aren't short-term miracle cures, it's imperative that Sapo is rescued. Its
viability must be built around a public interest mandate. People with a
commitment to a developmental perspective and with appropriate technical skills
- not tenderpreneurs - must be placed in charge. The much delayed Postbank
banking licence must be awarded, enabling it to be more than a deposit taker.
Better integration with Thusong centres providing public access to the internet
is another possibility. Government departments should be required to use a
transformed Sapo as the preferred courier service.

I'm not expecting Father Christmas, but with determined action South Africa's
poor can be rescued from global loan sharks, and a viable Sapo can be rebuilt.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 24, 2010 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

USDA money to aid rural broadband

BYLINE: JAY F. MARKS, Business Writer <br> jmarks@opubco.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 342 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture on Tuesday awarded nearly $12 million in
stimulus grant funds to expand high-speed Internet access into western Oklahoma.

Another $5 million is available for Pioneer Long Distance Inc. and Panhandle
Telephone Cooperative Inc. to borrow to fund their broadband projects.

"This allows us to go in and provide service to areas that wouldn't get service
otherwise," said Richard Ruhl, general manager of parent company Pioneer
Telephone Cooperative Inc.

The funding is provided by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, which has
provided more than $1 billion for broadband projects in 30 states and one
territory.

Oklahoma companies received two of the 12 awards announced Tuesday.

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Thomas J. Vilsack said the broadband projects will
help attract new businesses, educational opportunities and jobs to rural
America.

"The Obama administration understands that bringing broadband to rural America
provides a gateway for businesses and key anchor institutions - such as
libraries, schools, public buildings and community centers to provide services
to thousands of Americans," Vilsack said in a news release.

"These projects will create jobs building these networks, and the completed
systems will provide a platform for rural economic growth for years to come."

Pioneer is in line to get more than $3.5 million in grant and loan funds.

That money will help the Kingfisher-based company provide broadband wireless
service to unserved and underserved areas in western Oklahoma.

"There are some pretty remote, sparsely populated areas," Ruhl said.

Panhandle's service area includes about 65,000 square miles of territory, CEO
Ron Strecker said.

The company currently offers broadband service only inside the cities in its
service area, but the stimulus money will accelerate plans to expand into higher
cost areas, he said.

Strecker estimated the $10 million grant and nearly $3.4 million loan will cut
the project time from six years to three.

CONTRIBUTING: Chris Casteel in The Washington Bureau

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: CONTRIBUTING: Chris Casteel in The Washington Bureau

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               September 18, 2014

Abia State Spends N3 Billion On MDG Projects

BYLINE: Emmanuel Ugwu

LENGTH: 516 words


Abia state has commenced another round of the Millennium Development Goals
(MDGs) implementation with the official launch of three new programmes to tackle
poverty, reduce morbidity and mortality in mothers, new-born babies and infants.
The new programmes, namely Grants to Agro-based Cooperatives, Village Health
Workers (VHW) and Conditional Cash Transfer (CCT) were launched in Umuahia by
the Abia state government and the office of the Senior Special Assistant to the
President on MDGs.

This drive to attain the MDGs has attracted commendation from the Presidency
which expressed satisfaction at the way Abia has been pursuing the goal of
hitting the MDG target, which has so far cost the state N3 billion in
counterparts funding. Senior special assistant (SSA) to the President on MDGs,
Dr. Precious Gbeneol, gave the commendation at the launch of three anti-poverty
components of the MDGs, saying that the state has been posting good results in
the provision of infrastructure and improvement of service delivery.

The SSA, who was represented by Mr. Dennis Harry, noted that the three MDG
programmes were very to the attainment of the anti-poverty aspect of the MDGs as
they would impact on the lives of the less privileged and vulnerable members of
the society.

She said with the steadfastness and diligence that Abia has demonstrated in
meeting up with its counterpart funding and the implementation of the MDG
projects the office of the SSA on MDGs was confident the state would continue to
perform well in the race to meet the goal.

In his keynote address Abia state governor, Chief Theodore Orji assured that the
state was in good stead to achieve the MDG target in 2015, adding that no
resources would be spared to ensure that the set goals were achieved. "Our
government is confident that with the structures on ground MDGs is achievable in
Abia state in 2015," he said, adding that the launching of GAC, CCT, and VHW was
to further promote and advance development in the rural communities.

The governor stated that his administration has done a lot alleviate poverty
through massive empowerment of youths, women and the vulnerable groups in the
state. Earlier the Abia state focal person on MDGs, Mrs. Adanma Iheuwa, who is
also the permanent secretary in the state planning commission, said that the
three MDG activities would "impact on the lives of the less privileged and
vulnerable Abians. According to her, 2,250 households would benefit from the
CCT, each receiving N5,000 per month for one year and an additional N100,000
grant to be invested in agro-business while the agro-based cooperative
innovation was geared at job creation in the rural areas.

She said since 2007 when Abia keyed into the MGD Conditional Grant Scheme the
state has been benefitting immensely from this scheme, adding that the state has
therefore implemented a lot of projects.

"Our endearing partnership with the OSSAP-MDGs, which we are very proud of, is
attributed to the far-reaching support the Ochendo administration has been
enjoying from the national and multi-national development partners," Iheuwa
said.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Equal Opportunity Specialist DC-2014-0098A

LENGTH: 2782  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Equal Opportunity Specialist

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0098A
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, September 15, 2014 to Wednesday, September 24, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0360-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Location Negotiable After Selection, United States
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal Employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligible, persons with  disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligibles for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.


This position is located in the Program Compliance Branch (PCB), Civil Rights
Staff, Rural Development, Operations and Management. The PCB monitors, reviews,
and evaluates RD's compliance with civil rights/equal opportunity requirements
in federally-assisted and conducted RD programs involving Single Family and
Multi-Family Housing, Business and Cooperative Services, and Electric,
Telecommunications, Water and Waste Water.

This announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies that are identified
by the organization.

This is a virtual position that allows the selectee to remain in their current
post of duty.

Salary will be determined based on current duty location.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    5 to 7 weeks per year.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Develop, analyze, evaluate and recommend policies, plans, regulations, standards
and procedures to assure equal access to all RD programs and services are
consistent with RD civil rights objectives, and suggest modifications where
needed.
    Assess program and compliance review procedures.
    Advise field staff on the proper execution of forms, instructions, and
guidelines.
    Serve as an adviser on program civil rights issues and procedures in the
interpretation of pertinent laws and regulations relating to specific program
problems.
    Develop and conduct program civil rights and compliance training.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all requirements by the closing date of the announcement
including time-in-grade and demonstrated specialized experience.

Time in Grade: Applicants must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade. (e.g.: one year at the GS-12 grade level
for consideration for the GS-13 grade level.)


Specialized experience: Applicant must possess one year of specialized
experience equivalent at the GS-12 or its non-federal equivalent and must be
directly related to the work of the position to be filled. Examples of
specialized experience is broad knowledge of pertinent executive orders and
civil rights laws, i.e., Title VI of the Civil Rights act of 1964, Title VII of
the Civil Rights act of 1968, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Executive Orders
11246, 11250, age Discrimination act, section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of
1973, and Fair Housing amendments Act of 1988.

Education may not be substituted for experience at the GS-13 level.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-0360 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp


o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of Civil Rights
        Knowledge of Compliance and Program Investigative Methods and Techniques

        Written Communication
        Oral Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=c11d4082-0687-
4c94-8e3f-a3a70105d75b

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:

o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.,
Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying online poses
a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well before the
closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application packages with
supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the closing date of
the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Paige Payne I
Phone: (202) 692-0186
Fax: (202) 692-0182
Email: paige.payne@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA
1400 Independance ave SW
Washington D.C.,
20250
United States
Fax: (202) 692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                             March 31, 2009 Tuesday

Cash is offered to turn old buildings into opportunities

BYLINE: Oliver Astley

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 435 words


From tomorrow, grants of up to £75,000 are available to refurbish empty and
unused rural premises in Derbyshire.

Redundant Building Grants are being offered by  Derby and Derbyshire Economic
Partnership and administered by Derbyshire County Council.

The project is designed to help  owners of redundant buildings to convert
premises for business use, particularly work space, in order to boost the rural
economy and create employment.

The minimum grant available is £10,000 and the level of grant will not exceed
25% of the eligible costs of conversion or refurbishment of rural buildings.

Antony Oliphant, of  Savills' rural business team in the East Midlands, said:
"The scheme aims to generate environmental benefits by preserving the fabric of
traditional rural buildings, as well as economic benefits by helping to create
local employment opportunities.

"Landowners may not realise that buildings   in market towns as well as rural
areas are covered by the scheme."

Owners of redundant buildings in the Amber Valley, Chesterfield, Erewash and
High Peak boroughs and Bolsover, North East Derbyshire, Derbyshire Dales and
South Derbyshire districts are eligible for  grants. The scheme  is open to a
range of prospective applicants, including owner-occupiers, businesses,
charities and co-operatives.

Mr Oliphant said: "While this is great news for owners of these buildings, their
main concerns will be whether the conversion, net of grant,  is a viable
business investment and whether planning consent can be secured and this really
depends on the location and market for proposed conversion.

"For example, where the conversion is to assist an in-hand business, such as a
farm shop or equestrian enterprise, returns and viability can be more certain,
whereas speculative conversions in the current market will be less attractive."

Nick Grace, head of planning at Savills, said: "Generally, local planning
authorities support the re-use of redundant rural buildings for employment uses
and will only consider residential conversion if no demand for employment uses
can be shown.

"However, a combination of living and working accommodation is growing in
acceptability and this option is well worth investigating for specific tenants
or users."

Redundant rural buildings are defined as those that are no longer used or
required for their original purpose.

To qualify for grant aid,  premises must be either completely unused or unusable
for the purposes for which they are now needed.

Necessary planning permissions have to be obtained prior to an application being
made.

The scheme will remain open until March 31, 2011.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 42


                     Copyright 2009 Derby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                             March 31, 2009 Tuesday

Cash is offered to turn old buildings into opportunities

BYLINE: Oliver Astley

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 435  words


From tomorrow, grants of up to £75,000 are available to refurbish empty and
unused rural premises in Derbyshire.

Redundant Building Grants are being offered by  Derby and Derbyshire Economic
Partnership and administered by Derbyshire County Council.

The project is designed to help  owners of redundant buildings to convert
premises for business use, particularly work space, in order to boost the rural
economy and create employment.

The minimum grant available is £10,000 and the level of grant will not exceed
25% of the eligible costs of conversion or refurbishment of rural buildings.

Antony Oliphant, of  Savills' rural business team in the East Midlands, said:
"The scheme aims to generate environmental benefits by preserving the fabric of
traditional rural buildings, as well as economic benefits by helping to create
local employment opportunities.

"Landowners may not realise that buildings   in market towns as well as rural
areas are covered by the scheme."

Owners of redundant buildings in the Amber Valley, Chesterfield, Erewash and
High Peak boroughs and Bolsover, North East Derbyshire, Derbyshire Dales and
South Derbyshire districts are eligible for  grants. The scheme  is open to a
range of prospective applicants, including owner-occupiers, businesses,
charities and co-operatives.

Mr Oliphant said: "While this is great news for owners of these buildings, their
main concerns will be whether the conversion, net of grant,  is a viable
business investment and whether planning consent can be secured and this really
depends on the location and market for proposed conversion.

"For example, where the conversion is to assist an in-hand business, such as a
farm shop or equestrian enterprise, returns and viability can be more certain,
whereas speculative conversions in the current market will be less attractive."

Nick Grace, head of planning at Savills, said: "Generally, local planning
authorities support the re-use of redundant rural buildings for employment uses
and will only consider residential conversion if no demand for employment uses
can be shown.

"However, a combination of living and working accommodation is growing in
acceptability and this option is well worth investigating for specific tenants
or users."

Redundant rural buildings are defined as those that are no longer used or
required for their original purpose.

To qualify for grant aid,  premises must be either completely unused or unusable
for the purposes for which they are now needed.

Necessary planning permissions have to be obtained prior to an application being
made.

The scheme will remain open until March 31, 2011.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 42


                     Copyright 2009 Derby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                 June 16, 2001

Meeting over fund disbursement

SECTION: National; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 216 words

DATELINE: Kuala Nerang


KUALA NERANG, Fri. - The Special Cabinet Committee on Raising the Income
of Rubber Smallholders will meet on Tuesday to discuss quidelines for the
disbursement of loans, grants and payments from special funds to rubber
smallholders.

It is expected to discuss the procedures of applications for loans and
grants and how they are to be channeled to smallholders, Rural Development
Minister Datuk Azmi Khalid said today.

The Government had in April, approved a RM1 billion fund to provide
loans and grants to smallholders whose income had been hit by the drop in
rubber prices.

The committee meeting will be chaired by Deputy Prime Minister Datuk
Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi, Azmi said after a meeting with rubber
smallholders in Kampung Lebai Saman near here.

The committee set up in March, includes representatives from the Rural
Development, Agriculture, Primary Industries and the Land and Co-operative
and Finance Ministries.

The committee's functions have now expanded to include smallholders in
the palm oil, pepper, cocoa, and pineapple sectors.

The Rubber Industry Smallholders Development Authority (Risda) is also
in the process of drawing up a guidebook on the various aid schemes
available to smallholders with instructions on how to apply for them.


LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2001 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              586 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                     November 5, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

UN agency to reduce poverty and increase in-comes in rural China

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 371  words


Rome, Nov 5 (IBNS): The International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD)
has signed a US$43.5 million financing agreement with the People's Republic of
China in efforts to sustainably reduce rural poverty and improve the livelihoods
of rural households in the Liupan Mountain Area of China.

IFAD will provide a $42.5 million loan and $1 million grant to finance the
Qinghai Liupan Mountain Area Poverty Reduction Project (LMAPRP). The government
of China has committed to providing $42.5 million to support the project. The
total project cost will be $125.3 million. National financial institutions,
cooperatives, enterprises and beneficiaries will also contribute. The agreement
was signed on Wednesday by Kanayo F. Nwanze, President of IFAD and Niu Dun,
Ambassador and Permanent Representative of the Peoples Republic of China to the
UN in Rome. It is expected the IFAD-funded project will increase incomes for
approximately 128,000 poor and vulnerable rural households in seven counties in
the Liupan mountain area, which are found in the eastern part of Qinghai
Province. The seven counties include Huangzhong, Huangyuan, Minhe, Ledu, Huzhu,
Hualong and Xunhua. The location is one of 14 priority areas for the government
of China. The main goal of the project is to reduce poverty by improving
agriculture and livestock productivity, increasing opportunities for farmers to
access markets, improving land management and addressing the needs of ethnic
minorities. The target group lives in 683 poor and remote villages.
Approximately 47 per cent of the total population in the project area are ethnic
minorities, often very poor and without access to agricultural and financial
services, said Matteo Marchisio, IFAD Country Manager, China. The project
supports Chinas poverty reduction strategy. Experience has shown that by linking
farmers to cooperatives and private-sector partners, they are better able to
access markets and leverage higher prices for their food products, Marchisio
added. IFAD has been working with China since 1981. Currently, the Fund is
investing a total $862.4 million in 29 programmes and projects, with a total
cost of $2.2 billion including co-financing, reaching over 4,393,300 households.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2015 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             April 18, 2011 Monday

Croatia: Post Conflict Reconstruction

LENGTH: 1125  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, April 18 -- The Croatia Social and Economic Recovery Project (CSERP) is
a multi-sectoral project that supported the socioeconomic development of
Croatia's war-affected areas, or 'areas of special state concern'. The project
improved the livelihoods of the rural populations - domiciled populations,
returnees, displaced persons, minorities, and settlers - in 13 counties by
providing matching grants to support small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs),
generating new employment and additional revenues, reducing landmine
contaminated areas, and shrinking regional disparities between the lagging
areas. Over 84,000 people benefitted from the project activities.

Challenge

In early 2000, five years after the end of hostilities, war-affected areas still
suffered from limited attention to their economic recovery and social
integration programs in the areas to which refugees were returning. The bleak
economic situation, unemployment, damaged or destroyed infrastructure, and
landmine contamination in the post-conflict areas were the main impediments to
sustainable well-being of the war-affected groups. In addition, in 2005 when the
CSERP started its implementation, there was insufficient administrative capacity
at local levels for planning and implementation of their Regional Operational
Programs (ROPs), which every county needed to prepare by the end of 2005. ROPs
are standard planning instruments for identifying the development vision and
public investment priorities at the county level, and are prepared in line with
principles of EU structural funds.

Approach

The CSERP was designed to address Croatia's post-conflict agenda and emphasized
a bottom-up and demand-driven approach. Through provision of grant funds, it
supported the development of SMEs, cooperatives, and craft activities, as well
as employment initiatives. It also provided grants to municipalities,
communities, NGOs, and local organizations such as kindergartens, schools, youth
organizations, centers for the elderly, libraries, social welfare institutions,
and cultural centers in order to increase social inclusion through improved
access to community based services by war-affected and disadvantaged people. The
project supported the rehabilitation of small-scale social and economic
infrastructure in the areas of return, and demining activities in 12 of the 13
counties. It financed capacity-building and training of national, regional, and
local authorities, as well as local stakeholders in support of regional
development approaches, in line with EU principles.

Results

The CSERP closed on December 31, 2010, with the development objective to support
the economic and social revitalization of disadvantaged and war-affected areas
as a way to increase social inclusion fully met. The project's results in the 13
counties that fall under the category of 'areas of special state concern' are
manifold. In particular:

* A total of 427 sub-projects were successfully completed: 125 for social
inclusion; 67 for small community infrastructure; and 211 in support of SMEs,
crafts, and cooperatives;

* Over 84,000 beneficiaries residing in the areas of special state concern
directly benefitted from the completed sub-projects;

* Thanks to the grants, 1,341 new jobs were created and &#8364;11 million in
additional revenue were generated by the SMEs, crafts activities, and
cooperatives.

* In all, 763 women were directly employed and 33,269 women were beneficiaries.

* 12.2 km2 of agricultural land was demined and is now ready for cultivation and
harvest, and people can safely use their land without fearing for their lives;

* 5,000 officials and civil society representatives were trained through a
series of workshops in strategic regional planning, cost management, project
management, business plans, and procurement;

* ROPs were developed for four counties. In addition, project operational
manuals were revised to meet the requirement needed for the EU pre-accession
grant funds.

Of note, the demand for financing of sub-projects substantially exceeded
available funds. For example, it was possible for only every 7th request for
small community infrastructure sub-projects to be financed.

Bank Contribution

The total project costs are EUR60 million - EUR35 million was funded by the Bank
and EUR25 million by the Government of Croatia. Specifically, the Bank's grant
funds to community-based activities - social inclusion, economic revitalization,
and small community infrastructure sub-projects - amount to EUR25.4 million,
demining activities to EUR8.5 million, and EUR1.1 million to capacity building,
training, and project management activities.

Partners

The Ministry of Regional Development, Forestry, and Water Management
demonstrated strong ownership throughout project implementation, and a
multi-sectoral partnership was established at the central level with other line
ministries, including agriculture, rural development, economy, environment,
infrastructure, economy, and family. At the regional level, the Ministry worked
closely with county institutions, regional development agencies, municipalities,
communities, the private sector, and NGOs. Excellent coordination was
established with the EC Delegation to Croatia as the EC also supported
development of county ROPs other than those financed from the CSERP. In
addition, given the field presence of both UNHCR and UNDP and their knowledge of
the beneficiaries, the representatives of both agencies served as observers in
the regional approval committees for the selection of the grantees. UNDP
replicated the CSERP design and obtained the Dutch Government funding of US$3.5
million to complement CSERP activities in the three counties.

Moving Forward

Though the project was closed end December 2010, the Government of Croatia has
secured funding for CY2011 to support completion of some ongoing community
investment sub-projects.

Beneficiaries

The Ministry has received "thank you" letters and requests for continued support
from seven counties, 130 municipalities, and 70 grantees. A beneficiary
assessment was completed in September 2010. "This project was more than
successful, now we have one of the most beautiful buildings in the surrounding
area. It is occupied almost every day: with various associations' activities,
fire department meetings, women's clubs., there is always something happening
here on weekends. We, as local authority, plan to carry out lectures and
presentations here because it is really nice space now." - Local official, 56,
on rehabilitation of a community center. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                           October 09, 2013 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

Institutions keen to finance black businesses;
Aid available if project is focused on helping to resolve problems of rural
development and creation of sustainable employment

BYLINE:  derek smith

SECTION: WORKPLACE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 493 words


In theory, if you are a young (under 35), female and black South African you may
be considered a member of the most disadvantaged category of people in the
country, but in reality you are the most likely to get access to finance.

If you are a young black South African of either sex, then capital is pretty
easy to access.

Let us name just a few institutions that I have dealt with that are keen to
assist in funding black South African-owned businesses.

l The National Youth Development Agency.

l The National Empowerment Fund.

l Masisizane (Old Mutual).

l The Public Investment Corporation.

l The Department of Trade and Industry.

And there are many more.

Which one you approach depends on the size and nature of your business concept.

First, all development banks and institutions are keen to help with any rural
development projects because this is where unemployment and poverty are at their
worst.

However, such projects are the most difficult to conceptualise because it
appears that the buying power resides in urban areas.

If you have a project of this nature, it will get attention.

Second, any project outside the main urban areas, especially outside Gauteng,
will be looked upon favourably.

Unemployment and poverty are not evenly distributed across the country. Most of
the country's wealth is generated in Gauteng, Cape Town and Durban.

Therefore if you have a project that can create sustainable jobs |in Limpopo or
the Eastern Cape, for example, it will be kindly received.

Third, capital cost for each job |and the spread of ownership. |The greater the
number of sustainable jobs that are created for each |rand the better, and the
wider the spread of ownership of the investment, the more attractive it
|becomes.

Co-operative ownership is an interesting concept, but it has to be well managed.

Then, of course, you must consider the capital cost of the project.

If your project needs less than R100 000 to get started, the National Youth
Development Agency is worth considering because it has a new policy of giving
grants up to this amount to young black South Africans who have a viable
project. |Of course, these grants can also |be used to access capital on
commercial terms if more funds are |required.

The Department of Trade and Industry has several grant programmes that help
co-operative-owned projects, manufacturing enterprises and business expansions.

Masisizane mainly focuses on female-owned enterprises and rural projects.

The National Empowerment Fund supports black-owned business at all levels.

The Isibaya Fund (Public Investment Corporation) has a mandate to empower the
previously disadvantaged, but tends to favour larger projects.

There are many opportunities for South Africans to raise finance if the project
is focused on helping resolve the problems of rural development and the creation
of sustainable employment.

l Derek Smith is chairman of the Franchise Association and managing director of
Hot Dog CafÃ©. |E-mail derek@hotdogcafe.co.za

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Equal Opportunity Specialist DC-2014-0098A

LENGTH: 2785  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Equal Opportunity Specialist

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0098A
SALARY RANGE:
 $89,924.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Monday, September 15, 2014 to Wednesday, September 24, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-0360-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location:
Location Negotiable After Selection, United States
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal Employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligible, persons with  disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligibles for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.


This position is located in the Program Compliance Branch (PCB), Civil Rights
Staff, Rural Development, Operations and Management. The PCB monitors, reviews,
and evaluates RD's compliance with civil rights/equal opportunity requirements
in federally-assisted and conducted RD programs involving Single Family and
Multi-Family Housing, Business and Cooperative Services, and Electric,
Telecommunications, Water and Waste Water.

This announcement may be used to fill additional vacancies that are identified
by the organization.

This is a virtual position that allows the selectee to remain in their current
post of duty.

Salary will be determined based on current duty location.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    5 to 7 weeks per year.

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Develop, analyze, evaluate and recommend policies, plans, regulations, standards
and procedures to assure equal access to all RD programs and services are
consistent with RD civil rights objectives, and suggest modifications where
needed.
    Assess program and compliance review procedures.
    Advise field staff on the proper execution of forms, instructions, and
guidelines.
    Serve as an adviser on program civil rights issues and procedures in the
interpretation of pertinent laws and regulations relating to specific program
problems.
    Develop and conduct program civil rights and compliance training.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all requirements by the closing date of the announcement
including time-in-grade and demonstrated specialized experience.

Time in Grade: Applicants must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade. (e.g.: one year at the GS-12 grade level
for consideration for the GS-13 grade level.)


Specialized experience: Applicant must possess one year of specialized
experience equivalent at the GS-12 or its non-federal equivalent and must be
directly related to the work of the position to be filled. Examples of
specialized experience is broad knowledge of pertinent executive orders and
civil rights laws, i.e., Title VI of the Civil Rights act of 1964, Title VII of
the Civil Rights act of 1968, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Executive Orders
11246, 11250, age Discrimination act, section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of
1973, and Fair Housing amendments Act of 1988.

Education may not be substituted for experience at the GS-13 level.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-0360 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp


o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of Civil Rights
        Knowledge of Compliance and Program Investigative Methods and Techniques

        Written Communication
        Oral Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=c11d4082-0687-
4c94-8e3f-a3a70105d75b

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:

o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPM's
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact:
USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.,
Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying online poses
a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well before the
closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application packages with
supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the closing date of
the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Paige Payne I
Phone: (202) 692-0186
Fax: (202) 692-0182
Email: paige.payne@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA
1400 Independance ave SW
Washington D.C.,
20250
United States
Fax: (202) 692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            April 20, 2013 Saturday

Nabard's helping hand to farmers

SECTION: BHUBANESWAR

LENGTH: 242 words


BHUBANESWAR: The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard)
gave Rs 2,691.28 crore for cropping operations to farmers through credit
cooperatives, Rs 58.4 crore for agricultural investments and Rs 18.48 crore for
non-agricultural purposes in the last fiscal.

Nabard chief general manager K K Gupta said, "Under the Government of India
Scheme (UGIS), the cooperatives during 2012-13 provided Rs 46.92 crore for
interest subvention and Rs 67.9 crore for incentive to farmers for regular
repayment of their dues."

He added, "During the year grant of Rs 137 lakh was provided to 11 District
Central Co-operative Banks (DCCBs) for promotion of 8,700 Joint Liability Groups
(JLGs) of landless farmers, oral lessees and sharecroppers. The scheme of kisan
credit cards has also been revised so as to provide smart cards to the farmers
to avail loans through ATMs or pay for agricultural inputs directly through
point-of-sale machines."

Speaking about the steps taken by the bank for weavers, Gupta stated, "For
strengthening and revival of weavers in the state and the weavers' cooperatives
funded in the past by the cooperative banks, Rs 16.11 crore were provided so
that old dues of cooperative banks were cleared and fresh loans are given to the
weavers' cooperatives. They would also be provided with the weavers' Credit
Cards. Boyanika and Sambalpuri Bastralaya were also provided support under this
package."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2014 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                                 March 18, 2014

                      Allegheny Electric Cooperative, Inc.

                         212 Locust Street, PO Box 1266
                             Harrisburg,  PA 17108
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   Allegheny Electric Cooperative, Inc. (Allegheny) is an electric utility
cooperative. The company operates as a generation and transmission cooperative
that in close partnership with Pennsylvania Rural Electric Association (PREA).
It provides power requirements for 14 rural electric distribution cooperatives
across the regions of the Pennsylvania and New Jersey. Allegheny retains almost
65% of its total energy services generated through its renewable energy sources.

   The company operates through its generation facilities and owns nearly 10% of
the Susquehanna Steam Electric Station (Susquehanna) and a 2,501 MW (megawatt)
nuclear power plant operational. The Susquehanna power plant is an operational
division of PPL Corporation that owns the remaining 90% ownership and operates
the boiling water reactor facility for power generation. The company also
operates the Raystown hydroelectric project under William F. Matson generating
station, a 21 MW hydropower facility operating with two units at the
run-of-river located at the Raystown Lake and dam in the Huntingdon County.
Raystown hydroelectric project has earned the distinction of being the first
hydroelectric plant within Pennsylvanian region, as a low impact hydroelectric
facility by the Low Impact Hydropower Institute (LIHI).

   Allegheny renders its electrical energy services to 14 rural electric
distribution cooperatives such as Adams electric, Bedford rural, Central
electric, Claverack rural, New Enterprise rural, Northwestern rural, REA Energy,
Somerset rural, Sullivan county rural, Sussex rural electric, Tri-County rural,
United electric, Valley rural electric and Warren electric cooperative, Inc.

   The company undertakes several initiatives to control peak demand and assist
consumer members for the development of renewable generation systems. A demand
side program, Coordinated Load Management System was operational since 1986 for
shifting electricity utilization from peak time demand to off peak hours. With
the implementation of such voluntary program improves the system efficiency
thereby reducing need for new generating capacity. The system includes automatic
water reading, load control and smart metering appliances capability.

   Allegheny along with PREA has commenced renewable energy assistance program
(REAP) for rendering grants to member distribution cooperatives for supporting
various interconnection costs, such as metering equipment and distribution
transformers. Allegheny also supports through the development programs to assist
cooperative consumer members for installing clean energy generation systems at
their home or farm.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Events
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2014


                              592 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                          September 22, 2011 Thursday
                              North Wales Edition

Grant bonanza in rural Conwy;
Find out more at grants roadshow

BYLINE: ANDREW FORGRAVE

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 753 words


A SERIES of information meetings are being held to publicise a rural grants
bonanza.

The Conwy Rural Partnership (CRP) has been awarded pounds 5.2m RDP cash to
implement six projects over two years.

The largest of these is Conwy Cynhaliol (Sustainable Conwy), which encourages
sustainable development in the farm, food and timber sectors, as well as
community groups and co-operatives.

One food producer already benefitting from this project is Katy Evans, a
farmer's wife and mum from Bodtegir Farm, Llanfihangel GM.

Having established her business, Snowdonia Range, in Pentrefoelas, she turned to
CRP to develop her hand-made ready meals, pies and soups.

Katy said: "Locally sourced ingredients are a prominent feature of all the
dishes I produce and I'm constantly developing new recipes.

"Grant funding from Conwy was a key factor in enabling me to grow the business."

Conwy Cynhaliol offers grants of up to 75% for ventures that tick one of four
boxes: ? Developing fruit, local food and agricultural products. ? Woodland
management and adding value to local timber. ? Small scale renewable energy
projects.

. ? Group-backed community facilities.

There's also help for market research and for training - a series of events
linked to each theme will take place across the county over the next two years.

Research has already been carried out on the county's timber sector and as a
result the Conwy Cynhaliol grants are helping to boost timber processing
facilities.

The first beneficiary was Jeff Jones, who sought funding for a hydraulic log
splitter for his firewood processing business.

He said: "I'm now able to produce logs that are consistent in less time.

"The grant was essential for me to increase capacity."

The second CRP project is the Rural Heritage scheme, which supports initiatives
that safeguard the area's culture or heritage. Another is the Village Renewal
scheme, which offers villages and rural communities funding for small-scale
improvements to facilities. In both cases applicants need to find 25% match
funding.

Within the Rural Heritage scheme is the Habitat Network project, which offers
grants for maintaining traditional landscape features such as dry stone walls.

Here, funding is capped at pounds 1,500 per project.

Since 2008 an earlier scheme in Conwy has helped 156 farmers and landowners
repair stone walls and plant hedgerows.

Among them was Ifor Thomas, of Cae Haidd, near Nebo.

He said: "The wall (I restored) has important historical significance as it is
the original boundary line between the old Denbighshire and Gwynedd counties.

"Without the grants, we would not have been able to justify maintaining the wall
due to costs involved."

The newest of CRP's six grants projects is its Non-Agricultural Diversification
scheme. This promotes farm activities such as B&Bs, educational activities,
direct sales and service provision.

A more established CRP project is the Conwy Rural Tourism scheme, which promotes
"Destination Conwy".

Up to 75% funding is available for raising standards and promoting
distinctiveness. One of the approved projects, Cyfnos Conwy, has begun
organising cultural events within the rural communities.

Iwan Williams, of Cyfnos Conwy, said: "The project is similar to the previous
Evening Economy scheme which has been running since 2010.

"The project aims to stimulates the evening economy by developing cultural
activities such as gigs, poetry and cinema on business premises.

"It's been a great success with some businesses experiencing a three-fold
increase in their income.

"Look out for a free cultural event near you!" The final CRP project, Conwy
Rural Business Support, is a successor scheme tailored for micro-businesses.

As well as grants, it offers free business "health checks", IT support and
website exposure. It also funds the Conwy Rural Business Awards.

The programme has already approved a grant for Mike Skerret, who runs the Spar
shop in Dolwyddelan.

Another high-profile beneficiary was a workshop aimed as helping businesses get
to grips with using social media such as Twitter as a marketing tool.. More
details: Conwy rural development team, Glasdir, Llanrwst, 01492 643159 or
conwyruralpartnership@conwy.

gov.uk.

? GRANT ROADSHOW DATES SEPT 27: Rowen memorial hall, 2pm-7pm; SEPT 29: Ysgol Bro
Cernyw, Llangernyw, 3.30pm-7pm; OCT 4: Betws yn Rhos village hall, 2pm-7pm; OCT
5: Llannefydd hall, 2pm-7pm; OCT 11: Dolwyddelan community pavilion, 2pm-7pm;
OCT 16: Pentrefoelas car park, 2pm-5pm.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  CRP grants have supported cultural events (Gwyneth Glyn and her band
playing at the Glan Aber, Betws y Coed), food producers (Katy Jones) and stone
walls (Cae Haidd) Jeff Jones with his new hydraulic log splitter, bought with
the help of a Conwy Cynhaliol grant

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2011 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

BRIEF: Wilson Creek Wilson Creek awarded rural community grant for $1,000

BYLINE: Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 211 words


Sept. 01--SPOKANE -- Northwest Farm Credit Services recently awarded Wilson
Creek with a $1,000 Northwest FCS Rural Community Grant.

Northwest FCS is a $10.6 billion financial cooperative that provides financing
and related services to farmers, ranchers, agriculture businesses, commercial
fishermen, timber producers, rural homeowners, and crop insurance customers in
Montana, Idaho, Oregon, Washington and Alaska.

During FCS' first two rural grant cycles in 2016, over $191,000 was dished out.
Since the program was started in 2007 FCS has presented 587 rural grants,
totaling over $1,138,050.

"We thank Northwest Farm Credit Services for giving us this grant, which will be
used for improvements to our only softball field," Wilson Creek town clerk Susan
James said. "We plan to improve the infield and purchase materials to keep it
properly maintained for the enjoyment of the people in our community."

The deadline for the next rural grant is coming up on Oct. 1. People are
encouraged to visit www.northwestfcs.com/Stewardship/Rural-Communities if they
believe their rural project might be eligible for a grant.

___ (c)2016 the Columbia Basin Herald, Wash. Visit the Columbia Basin Herald,
Wash. at www.columbiabasinherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160901-1CO-BRF-Wilson-Creek-Wilson-Creek-awarded-rural-community-grant
-for-1000-0901-20160901

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CO


                      Copyright 2016 Columbia Basin Herald


                              594 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 8, 2015 Friday

Arkansas: USDA Announces $30 Million Available for Food Entrepreneurs and
Agricultural Producers to Develop New Products

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is making $30
million available to farmers, ranchers and food entrepreneurs to develop new
product lines. Funding will be made available through the Value-Added Producer
Grant (VAPG) program.

"Farmers and ranchers are creative people who, with a little help, can put that
creativity to work and improve the bottom line for their operations," Vilsack
said. "Value-Added Producer Grants enable them to develop new product lines to
grow their businesses and expand their contributions to our nation's economy.
This support is especially important for beginning farmers, military veterans
engaging in farming and smaller farm operations participating in the local and
regional food system."

More information on how to apply is on page 26528 of the May 8 Federal Register.
The deadline to submit paper applications is July 7. Electronic applications
submitted through grants.gov are due July 2.

VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or additional uses for already developed product lines. Military
veterans, socially disadvantaged, and beginning farmers and ranchers; operators
of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches; farmer and rancher
cooperatives; and applicants that propose mid-tier value chain projects are
given special priority in applying for VAPGs. Additional priority is given to
group applicants who seek funding for projects that "best contribute" to
creating or increasing marketing opportunities for these type of operators.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 853 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $104.5
million. Approximately 19 percent of the grants and 13 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During the 2013-2014 funding
cycle, nearly half of VAPG awards went to farmers and ranchers developing
products for the local food sector. Value-Added Producer Grants are a key
element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary
Vilsack has identified local and regional food systems as one of the four
pillars of rural economic development.

Congress increased funding for the VAPG program when it passed the 2014 Farm
Bill. That law builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers.

Since the bill's enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including expanding access to rural
credit, developing new markets for rural-made products, and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve the quality of
life in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

#

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Oklahoma: National research grant focuses on rural health in Oklahoma

LENGTH: 712 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Oklahoma City: Oklahoma State University, The State of Oklahoma has issued the
following news release:



 A team of researchers led by Whitney A. Bailey, Ph.D. in the College of Human
Sciences at Oklahoma State University received a two-year, $311,602 grant
focused on improving health literacy among rural elders, their family caregivers
and rural hospital discharge planners in Oklahoma.





 The grant from the Rural Health and Safety Education Competitive Grant Program
is funded by the USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture and was one
of only four funded nationwide.



 The project titled &ldquo;A Community Approach to Care Education: Empowering
Rural Hospitals and Caregivers to Engage in Exceptional Care of Rural
Elders&rdquo; involves several partnering institutions and organizations
including AARP Oklahoma, the Oklahoma Department of Human Services, the OSU
Center for Rural Health, the Oklahoma Healthy Aging Initiative housed at the
University of Oklahoma, the Southern Rural Development Center and the College of
Human Sciences Center for Family Resilience.



 The team led by Bailey will work to close the gap between what caregivers need
and what they receive during hospital discharge processes and other points of
care. One key outcome of the project will be a curriculum for Oklahoma
Cooperative Extension Family and Consumer Sciences Educators to deliver to rural
hospital discharge planners and family caregivers. Families will receive
caregiver toolkits with the information and resources they need while caring for
a loved one.



 The number of burdens on small, rural hospitals is overwhelming, according to
Jeff Hackler of OSU's Center for Rural Health. He said this project will help
rural hospitals meet new standards for providing discharge instructions to
patients.



 &ldquo;Through this endeavor, rural patients will continue to receive quality
health care in their communities that meets or exceeds what is available in
metropolitan areas,&rdquo; Hackler said



 The curriculum will include six content areas:  positive nutrition and food
safety for family members; positive financial behavior; environments, safe
housing and communities; healthy members, healthy relationships; preventing
exploitation and abuse; and health care tasks.



 Bailey, who is the Bryan Close Professor in Adulthood and Aging, will work with
Sarah R. Gordon, Ph.D., Director, University Assessment and Testing at OSU,
Emily Roberts, Ph.D., environmental gerontologist and design, housing and
merchandising assistant professor in the College of Human Sciences and Esther
Houser, elder advocate and former long-term care ombudsman for Oklahoma.



 AARP Oklahoma State Director Sean Voskuhl sees the partnership as an
opportunity to expand the organization's work in local communities with OSU and
the Oklahoma Cooperative Extension Service.



 &ldquo;Providing additional support and resources to more than 500,000 family
caregivers in Oklahoma who provide 488 million hours of care--worth an estimated
$6.1 billion --to their families and friends, is a top priority for AARP
Oklahoma,&rdquo; Voskuhl said.



 &ldquo;The USDA-NIFA grant and the CARE Act are both important steps forward in
supporting family caregivers, improving post-discharge health outcomes, reducing
costly and preventable hospital readmissions and enabling Oklahomans to live
independently in their own homes.&rdquo;



 Oklahoma Department of Human Services Aging Services director Lance Robertson
recognizes the unique challenges rural families face when it comes to caring for
their older loved ones and feels the results of the grant will be a great thing
for Oklahoma.



 &ldquo;This important USDA-NIFA grant will help effectively train rural health
providers, namely discharge planners, on the most effective ways to serve rural
elders. The focus on actual caregivers is most exciting. Across our nation,
caregivers struggle to find assistance and often end up burning out,&rdquo;
Robertson said. &ldquo;They are the lifeblood of long-term care services in
America. Consequently, we jump at the chance to partner on any work that can
positively impact the lives of caregivers.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                                 April 12, 2013

BYLINE: Gemma Mackenzie

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 311 words


Picture - general dairy cow or milking parlour picture

Deadline extended for £5m dairy fund

By Gemma Mackenzie

Dairy farmers in England have been given more time to apply for funding from the
£5m dairy fund launched following the SOS Dairy Summit in July 2012.

The DEFRA fund, which aims to help meet the costs of farmers setting up
co-operative or collaborative projects as well as exploring new market
opportunities, has had its deadline extended to 3 June.

Part of the Rural Development Programme for England, the fund invites
applications for grants from £25,000 to as much as £1m - farmers must be the
primary beneficiaries.

NFU dairy board chairman Mansel Raymond said the fund would help support growth
in the industry and encouraged farmers to take advantage of the opportunity.

"Having this money made available is essential to improve farmers'
competitiveness, and this is a real opportunity to boost collaboration in the
dairy sector and ensure its long-term sustainability."

Although the fund does not apply to producers in Scotland, NFU Scotland said it
was happy to provide guidance on how to go about setting up producer
organisations.

The union had been working with the country's co-operative umbrella organisation
SAOS, which was awarded £100,000 in July last year by rural affairs secretary
Richard Lochhead to investigate producer organisations and further co-operation
in the sector.

Welsh farmers are able to apply for funding through the Dairy Supply Chain
Efficiencies Scheme, which received a £3.3m boost from the Welsh government in
July last year following the dairy protests.

The EU Dairy Package amended competition law to allow milk producers to create
producer organisations for up to 33% of member state production - this equates
to about 4.3 billion litres in Great Britain.

More on this topic

£5m up for grabs for English dairy farmers

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2013 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Salisbury Journal

                            February 24, 2012 Friday

Community shop set to open

BYLINE: Hannah White

SECTION: SALISBURY NEWS (SALISBURY NEWS)

LENGTH: 317 words


PEOPLE in Semley are looking forward to the opening of a community shop and café
thanks to a grant of nearly £50,000.

The shop committee bought premises in the centre of the village last year and
have since been busy raising the funds needed to refurbish and restock the
store. And now the project has been awarded £49,548.50 by Sowing SEEDS, a fund
for rural development which is backed by the government and the EU.

The grant brings the total raised by the committee to nearly £110,000 and it
means the shop, which closed in 2001, is on course to reopen on April 23.

It has been registered with the Financial Services Authority as a cooperative
for the benefit of the community, which means any profits not needed for further
development can be ploughed back into local projects.

Committee chairman Anne Everall said: "The Sowing Seeds money means we can
finish the refurbishment of the shop and be confident we have enough in the bank
to pay a manager for the first 16 months.

"But we are not just relying on grants; we have had huge support from people in
Semley too.

"Nearly one hundred people have bought shares in the shop, which is set up as a
cooperative, and we have a stunning mural and signboard by artist Michael
Dillon, who lives in the village."

The shop will sell local produce, including artisan bread and specialist cakes
made in the village, fruit and vegetables as well as gifts, cards, plants and
other everyday essentials.

It will also have a small café, accessible to people in wheelchairs or with
pushchairs, which the committee hopes will particularly appeal to the parents of
children at Semley Primary School.

"Our great hope is to provide a hub where everyone in our rather far-flung
village can meet up informally," said Mrs Everall.

"We haven't had a shop in Semley for ten years but we know people want one and
from April 23, we'll be here offering good shopping and great coffee."

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday

FLORIDA:Funding Opportunity: New Rural Business Development Grant Program

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: League of Cities


Florida League of Cities has issued the following news release:

The 2014 Federal Farm Bill consolidated the Rural Development's Rural Business
Enterprise Grant (RBEG) program and the Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)
program into a new program called the Rural Business Development Grant (RBDG)
program. These programs support training, technical assistance, and planning
activities for redevelopment, business development, relocation and expansion of
existing businesses. The RBEG program also funds construction, acquisition, land
development, equipment and capitalization of revolving loan funds to support
business startups and working capital needs in rural areas. USDA Rural
Development's Rural Business-Cooperative Service is drafting regulations to
implement the consolidation of the two programs. The agency is planning to keep
the two current programs (RBEG and RBOG) "active" until funds are appropriated
under the consolidated RBDG program in fiscal year 2015. Click here to learn
more and download an application.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 8, 2015 Friday

Arizona: USDA Announces $30 Million Available for Food Entrepreneurs and
Agricultural Producers to Develop New Products

LENGTH: 561  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Education has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, May 8, 2015 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that
USDA is making $30 million available to farmers, ranchers and food entrepreneurs
to develop new product lines. Funding will be made available through the
Value-Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program.

"Farmers and ranchers are creative people who, with a little help, can put that
creativity to work and improve the bottom line for their operations," Vilsack
said. "Value-Added Producer Grants enable them to develop new product lines to
grow their businesses and expand their contributions to our nation's economy.
This support is especially important for beginning farmers, military veterans
engaging in farming and smaller farm operations participating in the local and
regional food system."

More information on how to apply is on page 26528 of the May 8 Federal Register.
The deadline to submit paper applications is July 7. Electronic applications
submitted through grants.gov are due July 2.

VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or additional uses for already developed product lines. Military
veterans, socially disadvantaged, and beginning farmers and ranchers; operators
of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches; farmer and rancher
cooperatives; and applicants that propose mid-tier value chain projects are
given special priority in applying for VAPGs. Additional priority is given to
group applicants who seek funding for projects that "best contribute" to
creating or increasing marketing opportunities for these type of operators.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 853 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $104.5
million. Approximately 19 percent of the grants and 13 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During the 2013-2014 funding
cycle, nearly half of VAPG awards went to farmers and ranchers developing
products for the local food sector. Value-Added Producer Grants are a key
element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary
Vilsack has identified local and regional food systems as one of the four
pillars of rural economic development.

Congress increased funding for the VAPG program when it passed the 2014 Farm
Bill. That law builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers.

Since the bill's enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including expanding access to rural
credit, developing new markets for rural-made products, and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve the quality of
life in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 998 DOCUMENTS

            UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Brighton and Hove

                                October 13, 2001

Good news.

BYLINE: Siobhan Ryan (author email siobhan.ryan@argus-btn.co.uk)

SECTION: News

LENGTH: 151 words

DATELINE: brighton__hove



As Fiona Train said (Letters, September 7), I am on the new Environment, Food
and Rural Affairs Select Committee.

My first speech in Parliament in 1997 focused on the need for more
environmentally-friendly farming policies and I know the committee will want to
investigate support for organic farming.

Already, the Government has underway a seven-year, GBP 140 million commitment to
organic farming, providing grants to triple the area of land farmed organically
by 2006. This year, the budget for organic farm conversions is GBP 18 million.

Labour's GBP 21 million a year spending on organic farming research and
development puts the UK ahead of all other EU countries except Denmark. And a
government grant of GBP 2.3 million will start a new European centre for organic
fruit and nursery stock in the UK.

italic-David Lepper, Labour and Co-operative MP for Brighton Pavilionitalic

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2001 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                              601 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

WASHINGTON:USDA Announces $30 Million Available for Food Entrepreneurs and
Agricultural Producers to Develop New Products

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is making $30
million available to farmers, ranchers and food entrepreneurs to develop new
product lines. Funding will be made available through the Value-Added Producer
Grant (VAPG) program.

"Farmers and ranchers are creative people who, with a little help, can put that
creativity to work and improve the bottom line for their operations," Vilsack
said. "Value-Added Producer Grants enable them to develop new product lines to
grow their businesses and expand their contributions to our nation's economy.
This support is especially important for beginning farmers, military veterans
engaging in farming and smaller farm operations participating in the local and
regional food system."

More information on how to apply is on page 26528 of the May 8 Federal Register.
The deadline to submit paper applications is July 7. Electronic applications
submitted through grants.gov are due July 2.

VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or additional uses for already developed product lines. Military
veterans, socially disadvantaged, and beginning farmers and ranchers; operators
of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches; farmer and rancher
cooperatives; and applicants that propose mid-tier value chain projects are
given special priority in applying for VAPGs. Additional priority is given to
group applicants who seek funding for projects that "best contribute" to
creating or increasing marketing opportunities for these type of operators.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 853 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $104.5
million. Approximately 19 percent of the grants and 13 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During the 2013-2014 funding
cycle, nearly half of VAPG awards went to farmers and ranchers developing
products for the local food sector. Value-Added Producer Grants are a key
element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary
Vilsack has identified local and regional food systems as one of the four
pillars of rural economic development.

Congress increased funding for the VAPG program when it passed the 2014 Farm
Bill. That law builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers.

Since the bill's enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including expanding access to rural
credit, developing new markets for rural-made products, and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve the quality of
life in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

WASHINGTON:USDA Announces $30 Million Available for Food Entrepreneurs and
Agricultural Producers to Develop New Products

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is making $30
million available to farmers, ranchers and food entrepreneurs to develop new
product lines. Funding will be made available through the Value-Added Producer
Grant (VAPG) program.

"Farmers and ranchers are creative people who, with a little help, can put that
creativity to work and improve the bottom line for their operations," Vilsack
said. "Value-Added Producer Grants enable them to develop new product lines to
grow their businesses and expand their contributions to our nation's economy.
This support is especially important for beginning farmers, military veterans
engaging in farming and smaller farm operations participating in the local and
regional food system."

More information on how to apply is on page 26528 of the May 8 Federal Register.
The deadline to submit paper applications is July 7. Electronic applications
submitted through grants.gov are due July 2.

VAPG grants can be used to develop new product lines from raw agricultural
products or additional uses for already developed product lines. Military
veterans, socially disadvantaged, and beginning farmers and ranchers; operators
of small- and medium-sized family farms and ranches; farmer and rancher
cooperatives; and applicants that propose mid-tier value chain projects are
given special priority in applying for VAPGs. Additional priority is given to
group applicants who seek funding for projects that "best contribute" to
creating or increasing marketing opportunities for these type of operators.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded 853 Value-Added Producer Grants totaling $104.5
million. Approximately 19 percent of the grants and 13 percent of total funding
has been awarded to beginning farmers and ranchers. During the 2013-2014 funding
cycle, nearly half of VAPG awards went to farmers and ranchers developing
products for the local food sector. Value-Added Producer Grants are a key
element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the Department's work on local and regional food systems. Secretary
Vilsack has identified local and regional food systems as one of the four
pillars of rural economic development.

Congress increased funding for the VAPG program when it passed the 2014 Farm
Bill. That law builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
six years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers.

Since the bill's enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including expanding access to rural
credit, developing new markets for rural-made products, and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve the quality of
life in rural America. For more information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 4, 2017 Saturday

Washington: USDA Announces Funding to Improve Rural Electric Infrastructure in
Nine States

LENGTH: 604  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Rural Development Acting Deputy Under Secretary Roger Glendenning today
announced that USDA is making loans to electric cooperatives that will help
continue to deliver safe, reliable and affordable electricity to rural
residents, business and institutions in nine states.





 "USDA continues to be a partner with cooperatives and utilities to expand and
modernize the rural electric grid," Glendenning said. "These loans represent the
latest efforts to create jobs, help grow the rural economy, and support new
technology."



 USDA is making $202 million in loans to upgrade rural electric service in
Kansas, Kentucky, Missouri, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina,
Tennessee and Texas.



 The loans include $14.7 million to implement Smart Grid technology. Smart Grid
increases the reliability of electric power by helping utilities better manage
power needs and supply, and to improve operational efficiencies. It includes
metering, substation automation, computer applications, two-way communications,
geospatial information systems and other improvements.



 Here is a summary of the loans:



 Kansas



     Twin Valley Electric Cooperative - $8 million to build or improve 44 miles
of line. The loan includes $41,800 for Smart Grid projects.



 Missouri



     Gascosage Electric Cooperative - $10.2 million to build or improve 50 miles
of line and make system upgrades. More than $224,000 will be invested in Smart
Grid projects.



 North Dakota



     Kem Electric Cooperative - $12 million to build or improve 130 miles of
line and make system upgrades. The loan includes $288,000 for Smart Grid
projects.

     Roughrider Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $68 million to build or improve 453
miles of line and make system upgrades. About $1.2 million will support Smart
Grid projects.



 Ohio



     Hancock-Wood Electric Cooperative - $25 million to build or improve 191
miles of line and make system upgrades. Approximately $2.6 million will support
Smart Grid projects.



 Oklahoma



     Red River Valley Rural Electric Association - $4.7 million to build or
improve 22 miles of line.



 South Carolina



     Aiken Electric Cooperative - $44 million to build or improve 342 miles of
line and make other system improvements. Nearly $9 million will be invested in
Smart Grid projects.



 Tennessee/Kentucky



     Tri-County Electric Cooperative - $20 million to build or improve 166 miles
of line and make other system improvements. The loan includes $1.3 million for
Smart Grid improvements.



 Texas



     Comanche County Electric Cooperative - $9.6 million to build or improve 105
miles of line and make other system improvements. The loan includes $94,000 to
support Smart Grid projects.



 The loans are being provided through the Electric Program of USDA's Rural
Utilities Service, the successor to the Rural Electrification Administration.
The Electric Program makes loans and loan guarantees to non-profit and
cooperative associations, public bodies and other utilities to help finance the
construction of electric distribution and generation facilities in rural areas.



 USDA Rural Development provides loans and grants to help expand economic
opportunities for citizens and businesses in rural areas. Programs help improve
infrastructure; start or expand businesses; help residents buy homes; fund
community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care facilities;
and bring high-speed Internet access to rural areas.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 69037 - 69038 [FR DOC # 2016-24013]

LENGTH: 1309  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Notice of Request for Extension
of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural Housing Service,
Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service
Agency, USDA. ACTION: Proposed collection: Comments requested.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the intention of USDA Farm Service Agency's (FSA) and Rural Development,
henceforth collectively known as Rural Development, or individually as Housing
and Community Programs, Business and Cooperative Programs, Utility Programs, to
request an extension for a currently approved information collection in support
of compliance with applicable acts for planning and performing construction and
other development work.

DATES: Comments on this notice must be received by December 5, 2016 to be
assured consideration. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: William R. Downs,
Supervisory Architect, Program Support Staff, RHS, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Stop 0761, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0761,
Telephone (202) 720-1499 or (202) 720-9619 or via email at
william.downs@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: RD 1924-A,
``Planning and Performing Construction and Other Development.'' OMB Number:
0575-0042. Expiration Date of Approval: January 31, 2017. Type of Request:
Extension of a currently approved information collection. Abstract: The
information collection under OMB Number 0575-0042 enables the Agencies to
effectively administer the policies, methods, and responsibilities in the
planning and performing of construction and other development work for the
related construction programs. Section 501 of Title V of the Housing Act of
1949, as amended, authorizes the [[Page 69038]] Secretary of Agriculture to
extend financial assistance to construct, improve, alter, repair, replace, or
rehabilitate dwellings; farm buildings; and/or related facilities to provide
decent, safe, and sanitary living conditions, as well as adequate farm buildings
and other structures in rural areas. Section 506 of the Act requires that all
new buildings and repairs shall be constructed in accordance with plans and
specifications as required by the Secretary and that such construction be
supervised and inspected. Section 509 of the Act grants the Secretary the power
to determine and prescribe the standards of adequate farm housing and other
buildings. The Housing and Urban Rural Recovery Act of 1983 amended section
509(a) and section 515 to require residential buildings and related facilities
to comply with the standards prescribed by the Secretary of Agriculture, the
standard prescribed by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, or the
standards prescribed in any of the nationally recognized model building codes.
Similar authorizations are contained in sections 303, 304, 306, and 339 of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, as amended, which authorized loans
and grants for essential community services. In several sections of both acts,
loan limitations are established as percentages of development cost, requiring
careful monitoring of those costs. Also, the Secretary is authorized to
prescribe regulations to ensure that Federal funds are not wasted or dissipated
and that construction will be undertaken in an economic manner and will not be
of elaborate or extravagant design or materials. The Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) is the credit Agency for rural water and wastewater development within
Rural Development of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). The
Rural-Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) is the credit Agency for rural business
development within Rural Development of USDA. These Agencies adopted use of
forms in RD Instruction 1924-A. Information for their usage is included in this
report. Other information collection is required to conform to numerous Pubic
Laws applying to all Federal agencies, such as: Civil Rights Acts of 1964 and
1968, Davis-Bacon Act, Historic Preservation Act, Environmental Policy Act, and
to conform to Executive Orders governing use of Federal funds. This information
is cleared through the appropriate enforcing Agency or other executive
Departments. The Agencies provide forms and/or guidelines to assist in the
collection and submission of information; however, most of the information may
be collected and submitted in the form and content which is accepted and
typically used in normal conduct of planning and performing development work in
private industry when a private lender is financing the activity. The
information is usually submitted via hand delivery or U.S. Postal Service to the
appropriate Agency office. Electronic submittal of information is also possible
through email or USDA's Service Center eForms Web site. The information is used
by the Agencies to determine whether a loan/grant can be approved, to ensure
that the Agency has adequate security for the loans financed, to provide for
sound construction and development work, and to determine that the requirements
of the applicable acts have been met. The information is also used to monitor
compliance with the terms and conditions of the Agencies' loan/grant programs
and to monitor the prudent use of Federal funds. If the information were not
collected and submitted, the Agencies would not have control over the type and
quality of construction and development work planned and performed with Federal
funds. The Agencies would not be assured that the security provided for loans is
adequate, nor would the Agencies be certain that decent, safe, and sanitary
dwelling or other adequate structures were being provided to rural residents as
required by the different acts. Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for
this collection of information is estimated to average .31 hours per response.
Respondents: Individuals or households, farms, business or other for-profit,
non-profit institutions, and small businesses or organizations. Estimated Number
of Respondents: 14,448. Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 13.
Estimated Number of Responses: 193,847. Estimated Total Annual Burden on
Respondents: 60,476 hours. Copies of this information collection can be obtained
from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, at (202)
692-0040. Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection
of information is necessary for the proper performance of the function of the
Agencies, including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the
accuracy of the Agencies' estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information, including the validity of methodology and assumptions used; (c)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Development, Stop 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-0742. All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the
request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public
record. Dated: September 26, 2016. Tony Hernandez, Administrator, Rural Housing
Service. [FR Doc. 2016-24013 Filed 10-4-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 69037 - 69038 [FR DOC # 2016-24013]

LENGTH: 1309  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Notice of Request for Extension
of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural Housing Service,
Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service
Agency, USDA. ACTION: Proposed collection: Comments requested.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the intention of USDA Farm Service Agency's (FSA) and Rural Development,
henceforth collectively known as Rural Development, or individually as Housing
and Community Programs, Business and Cooperative Programs, Utility Programs, to
request an extension for a currently approved information collection in support
of compliance with applicable acts for planning and performing construction and
other development work.

DATES: Comments on this notice must be received by December 5, 2016 to be
assured consideration. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: William R. Downs,
Supervisory Architect, Program Support Staff, RHS, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Stop 0761, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0761,
Telephone (202) 720-1499 or (202) 720-9619 or via email at
william.downs@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: RD 1924-A,
``Planning and Performing Construction and Other Development.'' OMB Number:
0575-0042. Expiration Date of Approval: January 31, 2017. Type of Request:
Extension of a currently approved information collection. Abstract: The
information collection under OMB Number 0575-0042 enables the Agencies to
effectively administer the policies, methods, and responsibilities in the
planning and performing of construction and other development work for the
related construction programs. Section 501 of Title V of the Housing Act of
1949, as amended, authorizes the [[Page 69038]] Secretary of Agriculture to
extend financial assistance to construct, improve, alter, repair, replace, or
rehabilitate dwellings; farm buildings; and/or related facilities to provide
decent, safe, and sanitary living conditions, as well as adequate farm buildings
and other structures in rural areas. Section 506 of the Act requires that all
new buildings and repairs shall be constructed in accordance with plans and
specifications as required by the Secretary and that such construction be
supervised and inspected. Section 509 of the Act grants the Secretary the power
to determine and prescribe the standards of adequate farm housing and other
buildings. The Housing and Urban Rural Recovery Act of 1983 amended section
509(a) and section 515 to require residential buildings and related facilities
to comply with the standards prescribed by the Secretary of Agriculture, the
standard prescribed by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, or the
standards prescribed in any of the nationally recognized model building codes.
Similar authorizations are contained in sections 303, 304, 306, and 339 of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, as amended, which authorized loans
and grants for essential community services. In several sections of both acts,
loan limitations are established as percentages of development cost, requiring
careful monitoring of those costs. Also, the Secretary is authorized to
prescribe regulations to ensure that Federal funds are not wasted or dissipated
and that construction will be undertaken in an economic manner and will not be
of elaborate or extravagant design or materials. The Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) is the credit Agency for rural water and wastewater development within
Rural Development of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). The
Rural-Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) is the credit Agency for rural business
development within Rural Development of USDA. These Agencies adopted use of
forms in RD Instruction 1924-A. Information for their usage is included in this
report. Other information collection is required to conform to numerous Pubic
Laws applying to all Federal agencies, such as: Civil Rights Acts of 1964 and
1968, Davis-Bacon Act, Historic Preservation Act, Environmental Policy Act, and
to conform to Executive Orders governing use of Federal funds. This information
is cleared through the appropriate enforcing Agency or other executive
Departments. The Agencies provide forms and/or guidelines to assist in the
collection and submission of information; however, most of the information may
be collected and submitted in the form and content which is accepted and
typically used in normal conduct of planning and performing development work in
private industry when a private lender is financing the activity. The
information is usually submitted via hand delivery or U.S. Postal Service to the
appropriate Agency office. Electronic submittal of information is also possible
through email or USDA's Service Center eForms Web site. The information is used
by the Agencies to determine whether a loan/grant can be approved, to ensure
that the Agency has adequate security for the loans financed, to provide for
sound construction and development work, and to determine that the requirements
of the applicable acts have been met. The information is also used to monitor
compliance with the terms and conditions of the Agencies' loan/grant programs
and to monitor the prudent use of Federal funds. If the information were not
collected and submitted, the Agencies would not have control over the type and
quality of construction and development work planned and performed with Federal
funds. The Agencies would not be assured that the security provided for loans is
adequate, nor would the Agencies be certain that decent, safe, and sanitary
dwelling or other adequate structures were being provided to rural residents as
required by the different acts. Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for
this collection of information is estimated to average .31 hours per response.
Respondents: Individuals or households, farms, business or other for-profit,
non-profit institutions, and small businesses or organizations. Estimated Number
of Respondents: 14,448. Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 13.
Estimated Number of Responses: 193,847. Estimated Total Annual Burden on
Respondents: 60,476 hours. Copies of this information collection can be obtained
from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, at (202)
692-0040. Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection
of information is necessary for the proper performance of the function of the
Agencies, including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the
accuracy of the Agencies' estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information, including the validity of methodology and assumptions used; (c)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Development, Stop 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-0742. All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the
request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public
record. Dated: September 26, 2016. Tony Hernandez, Administrator, Rural Housing
Service. [FR Doc. 2016-24013 Filed 10-4-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 69037 - 69038 [FR DOC # 2016-24013]

LENGTH: 1309  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Notice of Request for Extension
of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural Housing Service,
Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service
Agency, USDA. ACTION: Proposed collection: Comments requested.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the intention of USDA Farm Service Agency's (FSA) and Rural Development,
henceforth collectively known as Rural Development, or individually as Housing
and Community Programs, Business and Cooperative Programs, Utility Programs, to
request an extension for a currently approved information collection in support
of compliance with applicable acts for planning and performing construction and
other development work.

DATES: Comments on this notice must be received by December 5, 2016 to be
assured consideration. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: William R. Downs,
Supervisory Architect, Program Support Staff, RHS, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Stop 0761, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0761,
Telephone (202) 720-1499 or (202) 720-9619 or via email at
william.downs@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: RD 1924-A,
``Planning and Performing Construction and Other Development.'' OMB Number:
0575-0042. Expiration Date of Approval: January 31, 2017. Type of Request:
Extension of a currently approved information collection. Abstract: The
information collection under OMB Number 0575-0042 enables the Agencies to
effectively administer the policies, methods, and responsibilities in the
planning and performing of construction and other development work for the
related construction programs. Section 501 of Title V of the Housing Act of
1949, as amended, authorizes the [[Page 69038]] Secretary of Agriculture to
extend financial assistance to construct, improve, alter, repair, replace, or
rehabilitate dwellings; farm buildings; and/or related facilities to provide
decent, safe, and sanitary living conditions, as well as adequate farm buildings
and other structures in rural areas. Section 506 of the Act requires that all
new buildings and repairs shall be constructed in accordance with plans and
specifications as required by the Secretary and that such construction be
supervised and inspected. Section 509 of the Act grants the Secretary the power
to determine and prescribe the standards of adequate farm housing and other
buildings. The Housing and Urban Rural Recovery Act of 1983 amended section
509(a) and section 515 to require residential buildings and related facilities
to comply with the standards prescribed by the Secretary of Agriculture, the
standard prescribed by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, or the
standards prescribed in any of the nationally recognized model building codes.
Similar authorizations are contained in sections 303, 304, 306, and 339 of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, as amended, which authorized loans
and grants for essential community services. In several sections of both acts,
loan limitations are established as percentages of development cost, requiring
careful monitoring of those costs. Also, the Secretary is authorized to
prescribe regulations to ensure that Federal funds are not wasted or dissipated
and that construction will be undertaken in an economic manner and will not be
of elaborate or extravagant design or materials. The Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) is the credit Agency for rural water and wastewater development within
Rural Development of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). The
Rural-Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) is the credit Agency for rural business
development within Rural Development of USDA. These Agencies adopted use of
forms in RD Instruction 1924-A. Information for their usage is included in this
report. Other information collection is required to conform to numerous Pubic
Laws applying to all Federal agencies, such as: Civil Rights Acts of 1964 and
1968, Davis-Bacon Act, Historic Preservation Act, Environmental Policy Act, and
to conform to Executive Orders governing use of Federal funds. This information
is cleared through the appropriate enforcing Agency or other executive
Departments. The Agencies provide forms and/or guidelines to assist in the
collection and submission of information; however, most of the information may
be collected and submitted in the form and content which is accepted and
typically used in normal conduct of planning and performing development work in
private industry when a private lender is financing the activity. The
information is usually submitted via hand delivery or U.S. Postal Service to the
appropriate Agency office. Electronic submittal of information is also possible
through email or USDA's Service Center eForms Web site. The information is used
by the Agencies to determine whether a loan/grant can be approved, to ensure
that the Agency has adequate security for the loans financed, to provide for
sound construction and development work, and to determine that the requirements
of the applicable acts have been met. The information is also used to monitor
compliance with the terms and conditions of the Agencies' loan/grant programs
and to monitor the prudent use of Federal funds. If the information were not
collected and submitted, the Agencies would not have control over the type and
quality of construction and development work planned and performed with Federal
funds. The Agencies would not be assured that the security provided for loans is
adequate, nor would the Agencies be certain that decent, safe, and sanitary
dwelling or other adequate structures were being provided to rural residents as
required by the different acts. Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for
this collection of information is estimated to average .31 hours per response.
Respondents: Individuals or households, farms, business or other for-profit,
non-profit institutions, and small businesses or organizations. Estimated Number
of Respondents: 14,448. Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 13.
Estimated Number of Responses: 193,847. Estimated Total Annual Burden on
Respondents: 60,476 hours. Copies of this information collection can be obtained
from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, at (202)
692-0040. Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection
of information is necessary for the proper performance of the function of the
Agencies, including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the
accuracy of the Agencies' estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information, including the validity of methodology and assumptions used; (c)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Development, Stop 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-0742. All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the
request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public
record. Dated: September 26, 2016. Tony Hernandez, Administrator, Rural Housing
Service. [FR Doc. 2016-24013 Filed 10-4-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 69037 - 69038 [FR DOC # 2016-24013]

LENGTH: 1309  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Notice of Request for Extension
of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural Housing Service,
Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service
Agency, USDA. ACTION: Proposed collection: Comments requested.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the intention of USDA Farm Service Agency's (FSA) and Rural Development,
henceforth collectively known as Rural Development, or individually as Housing
and Community Programs, Business and Cooperative Programs, Utility Programs, to
request an extension for a currently approved information collection in support
of compliance with applicable acts for planning and performing construction and
other development work.

DATES: Comments on this notice must be received by December 5, 2016 to be
assured consideration. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: William R. Downs,
Supervisory Architect, Program Support Staff, RHS, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Stop 0761, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0761,
Telephone (202) 720-1499 or (202) 720-9619 or via email at
william.downs@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Title: RD 1924-A,
``Planning and Performing Construction and Other Development.'' OMB Number:
0575-0042. Expiration Date of Approval: January 31, 2017. Type of Request:
Extension of a currently approved information collection. Abstract: The
information collection under OMB Number 0575-0042 enables the Agencies to
effectively administer the policies, methods, and responsibilities in the
planning and performing of construction and other development work for the
related construction programs. Section 501 of Title V of the Housing Act of
1949, as amended, authorizes the [[Page 69038]] Secretary of Agriculture to
extend financial assistance to construct, improve, alter, repair, replace, or
rehabilitate dwellings; farm buildings; and/or related facilities to provide
decent, safe, and sanitary living conditions, as well as adequate farm buildings
and other structures in rural areas. Section 506 of the Act requires that all
new buildings and repairs shall be constructed in accordance with plans and
specifications as required by the Secretary and that such construction be
supervised and inspected. Section 509 of the Act grants the Secretary the power
to determine and prescribe the standards of adequate farm housing and other
buildings. The Housing and Urban Rural Recovery Act of 1983 amended section
509(a) and section 515 to require residential buildings and related facilities
to comply with the standards prescribed by the Secretary of Agriculture, the
standard prescribed by the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, or the
standards prescribed in any of the nationally recognized model building codes.
Similar authorizations are contained in sections 303, 304, 306, and 339 of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, as amended, which authorized loans
and grants for essential community services. In several sections of both acts,
loan limitations are established as percentages of development cost, requiring
careful monitoring of those costs. Also, the Secretary is authorized to
prescribe regulations to ensure that Federal funds are not wasted or dissipated
and that construction will be undertaken in an economic manner and will not be
of elaborate or extravagant design or materials. The Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) is the credit Agency for rural water and wastewater development within
Rural Development of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). The
Rural-Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) is the credit Agency for rural business
development within Rural Development of USDA. These Agencies adopted use of
forms in RD Instruction 1924-A. Information for their usage is included in this
report. Other information collection is required to conform to numerous Pubic
Laws applying to all Federal agencies, such as: Civil Rights Acts of 1964 and
1968, Davis-Bacon Act, Historic Preservation Act, Environmental Policy Act, and
to conform to Executive Orders governing use of Federal funds. This information
is cleared through the appropriate enforcing Agency or other executive
Departments. The Agencies provide forms and/or guidelines to assist in the
collection and submission of information; however, most of the information may
be collected and submitted in the form and content which is accepted and
typically used in normal conduct of planning and performing development work in
private industry when a private lender is financing the activity. The
information is usually submitted via hand delivery or U.S. Postal Service to the
appropriate Agency office. Electronic submittal of information is also possible
through email or USDA's Service Center eForms Web site. The information is used
by the Agencies to determine whether a loan/grant can be approved, to ensure
that the Agency has adequate security for the loans financed, to provide for
sound construction and development work, and to determine that the requirements
of the applicable acts have been met. The information is also used to monitor
compliance with the terms and conditions of the Agencies' loan/grant programs
and to monitor the prudent use of Federal funds. If the information were not
collected and submitted, the Agencies would not have control over the type and
quality of construction and development work planned and performed with Federal
funds. The Agencies would not be assured that the security provided for loans is
adequate, nor would the Agencies be certain that decent, safe, and sanitary
dwelling or other adequate structures were being provided to rural residents as
required by the different acts. Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for
this collection of information is estimated to average .31 hours per response.
Respondents: Individuals or households, farms, business or other for-profit,
non-profit institutions, and small businesses or organizations. Estimated Number
of Respondents: 14,448. Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 13.
Estimated Number of Responses: 193,847. Estimated Total Annual Burden on
Respondents: 60,476 hours. Copies of this information collection can be obtained
from Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, at (202)
692-0040. Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection
of information is necessary for the proper performance of the function of the
Agencies, including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the
accuracy of the Agencies' estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information, including the validity of methodology and assumptions used; (c)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Rural Development, Stop 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-0742. All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the
request for OMB approval. All comments will also become a matter of public
record. Dated: September 26, 2016. Tony Hernandez, Administrator, Rural Housing
Service. [FR Doc. 2016-24013 Filed 10-4-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            November 30, 2009 Monday

Nabard aid for rating micro financial institutions

BYLINE: Sanjay Jog

LENGTH: 340  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


State-run National Bank for Agriculture & Rural Development (Nabard) has
extended a scheme for financial assistance to commercial banks, regional rural
banks (RRBs) and cooperative banks for rating of micro finance institutions
(MFIs) upto March 31, 2010. The basic purposes of the scheme are to facilitate
the banks to identify appropriate MFIs for providing funds and to encourage
proper standards, systems and safeguards, efficiency and transparency in MFIs.
The scheme, which was supposed to come to an end on Monday has also been revised
in view of encouraging responses from banks and also from MFIs.

Nabard sources told FE, "Banks can avail the services of credit rating agencies
including Crisil, M-CRIL, ICRA, CARE and Planet Finance or any other agency
approved by Nabard from time to time, for rating of MFIs. The banks can avail of
100% reimbursement of expenses towards cost of rating of MFIs upto Rs 3 lakh by
way of grant only for first rating of MFI. MFIs with the minimum loan
outstanding of Rs 50 lakh and maximum loan outstanding of Rs 10 crore would be
eligible for support under the scheme. The grant assistance for meeting the cost
of rating of MFIs would be only for professional fee of the rating agency
subject to a ceiling of Rs 3 lakh. Banks/MFIs may furnish a copy of the rating
report to Nabard and it will have the right to publish the information, if it
desires to do so."

However, sources said Nabard may insist on rating, at least, once in two years
with the provision of 50% financial support for second rating subject to
improved performance of the MFI during our support period. The intention of such
additional assistance is to incentivise better performance & at the same time to
evaluate the impact of the Nabard's Capital assistance/Revolving Fund Assistance
on the performance of the MFI.

The micro finance institutions may be encouraged to bring about improvement in
their systems, procedures, standards of internal checks, governance,
transparency, business & social obligations through rating exercise.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2009 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

Vast majority of Kenya's poor live in rural areas

LENGTH: 243  words

DATELINE: NAMBALE


The vast majority of Kenya's poor live in rural areas like Nambale, a small but
growing rural town center about 256 miles west of the Kenyan capital of Nairobi.
While populations in the western parts of the country benefit from better
natural resource endowments, the poor remain especially prone to contracting
insect- and water-borne diseases, and agricultural potential has been limited by
the effects of flood-induced land degradation in some areas.

Geoffrey Kokugna has moved into the dairy industry, where earnings are as much
as 30,000 shillings a month after years of earning about 15,000 shillings a year
farming sugar cane and maize. Although resources have been allocated in response
to these challenges, many community members have had limited opportunities to
help decide how and where resources are spent. Through the project, poor people
in marginalized communities have their voices heard by engaging more effectively
with their local governments. Community-driven development also supports them in
identifying, developing, implementing and monitoring development initiatives
based on their priorities.

Kokugna is not the only one; Kokugna is one of 450 members of a milk cooperative
started by a $42,000 grant used to buy cows, a milk cooling processor, milk cans
and motorcycles for milk delivery. The grant was made possible through the
Western Kenya Community Driven Development and Flood Migration Project supported
by the World Bank Group.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 68402 - 68403 [FR DOC # 2016-23915]

LENGTH: 571  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Department of Agriculture. [[Page 68403]] ACTION:
Proposed Collection; Comments Requested.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35),
this Notice announces the Rural Business- Cooperative Service intention to
request an extension for to a currently approved information collection for the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). DATES: Comments on this
notice must be received by December 5, 2016 to be assured of consideration.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION OR COMMENTS: Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3226, Telephone (202) 720-1400, SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION: Title: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program. OMB Number:
0570-0062. Expiration Date of Approval: February 28, 2017. Type of Request:
Extension and revision of a currently approved information collection. Abstract:
The purpose of the RMAP program is to support the development and ongoing
success of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises. Direct loans and
grants are made to selected Microenterprise Development Organizations (MDOs).
Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2 hours per response. Respondents: Nonprofits, Indian
Tribes, and Public Institutions of Higher Education. Estimated Number of
Respondents: 75. Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 20. Estimated
Number of Responses: 1506. Estimated Total Annual Burden Hours on Respondents:
3,254 hours. Comments are invited on: (1) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
Agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the
accuracy of the Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP
0742, Washington, DC 20250. All comments received will be available for public
inspection during regular business hours at the same address. All responses to
this notice will be summarized and included in the request for Office of
Management and Budget approval. All comments will become a matter of public
record. Dated: September 28, 2016. Justin Hatmaker, Acting Administrator, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-23915 Filed 10-3-16; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 68402 - 68403 [FR DOC # 2016-23915]

LENGTH: 571  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Department of Agriculture. [[Page 68403]] ACTION:
Proposed Collection; Comments Requested.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35),
this Notice announces the Rural Business- Cooperative Service intention to
request an extension for to a currently approved information collection for the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). DATES: Comments on this
notice must be received by December 5, 2016 to be assured of consideration.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION OR COMMENTS: Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3226, Telephone (202) 720-1400, SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION: Title: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program. OMB Number:
0570-0062. Expiration Date of Approval: February 28, 2017. Type of Request:
Extension and revision of a currently approved information collection. Abstract:
The purpose of the RMAP program is to support the development and ongoing
success of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises. Direct loans and
grants are made to selected Microenterprise Development Organizations (MDOs).
Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2 hours per response. Respondents: Nonprofits, Indian
Tribes, and Public Institutions of Higher Education. Estimated Number of
Respondents: 75. Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 20. Estimated
Number of Responses: 1506. Estimated Total Annual Burden Hours on Respondents:
3,254 hours. Comments are invited on: (1) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
Agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the
accuracy of the Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP
0742, Washington, DC 20250. All comments received will be available for public
inspection during regular business hours at the same address. All responses to
this notice will be summarized and included in the request for Office of
Management and Budget approval. All comments will become a matter of public
record. Dated: September 28, 2016. Justin Hatmaker, Acting Administrator, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-23915 Filed 10-3-16; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Request for Extension of a Currently Approved
Information Collection Pages 68402 - 68403 [FR DOC # 2016-23915]

LENGTH: 571  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Request
for Extension of a Currently Approved Information Collection AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Department of Agriculture. [[Page 68403]] ACTION:
Proposed Collection; Comments Requested.

----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35),
this Notice announces the Rural Business- Cooperative Service intention to
request an extension for to a currently approved information collection for the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP). DATES: Comments on this
notice must be received by December 5, 2016 to be assured of consideration.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION OR COMMENTS: Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-3226, Telephone (202) 720-1400, SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION: Title: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program. OMB Number:
0570-0062. Expiration Date of Approval: February 28, 2017. Type of Request:
Extension and revision of a currently approved information collection. Abstract:
The purpose of the RMAP program is to support the development and ongoing
success of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises. Direct loans and
grants are made to selected Microenterprise Development Organizations (MDOs).
Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2 hours per response. Respondents: Nonprofits, Indian
Tribes, and Public Institutions of Higher Education. Estimated Number of
Respondents: 75. Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 20. Estimated
Number of Responses: 1506. Estimated Total Annual Burden Hours on Respondents:
3,254 hours. Comments are invited on: (1) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
Agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the
accuracy of the Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, including the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other
forms of information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP
0742, Washington, DC 20250. All comments received will be available for public
inspection during regular business hours at the same address. All responses to
this notice will be summarized and included in the request for Office of
Management and Budget approval. All comments will become a matter of public
record. Dated: September 28, 2016. Justin Hatmaker, Acting Administrator, Rural
Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-23915 Filed 10-3-16; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             March 4, 2014 Tuesday

Alternative energy to improve safety on the roads of Minsk region project

LENGTH: 514  words


Project Number: BLR/SGP/OP5/Y3/STAR/CC/13/06
Country: Belarus
Area Of Work: Climate Change Mitigation
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 48,700.00
Co-Financing Cash: US$ 6,330.00
Start Date: 8/2013
End Date: 5/2014
Status: Currently under execution
Project Description: Project goal    to reduce the level of accidents involving
pedestrians by lighting of pedestrian crossings and approaches using
equipment powered by solar batteries.


Project tasks:
1. To establish improved safety system for pedestrians using alternative energy
sources in s. Kolodischi Minsk district;
2. Compile and disseminate experience of the problem solving using alternative
energy sources at rural communities .
Expected results
Road accidents involving pedestrians in s. Kolodischi decreased at least by 25%
due to the autonomous and energy-independent
system;
At least two energy-saving innovations introduced (solar panels and LED lamps);

CO2 emissions prevented in amount of 1, 500 kg/year to compare with the use of
traditional sources of energy
About 2,000 members of the Cooperative have improved the social, economic and
environmental conditions of life;
Interaction between Cooperative and local authorities in solving local problems
is enhanced.
Grantee: Cooperative individual developers of the "Minsk Sloboda"
Organisation Mission : For GEF SGP, the community-based approach is the
cornerstone for addressing local and global environmental and sustainable
development challenges. SGP provides grants to civil society organizations
(CSOs), notably national and local non-governmental organizations (NGOs),
community-based organizations (CBOs), and indigenous peoples organizations. SGP
grantees may also include other not-for-profit organizations such as
professional associations, unions and other civil society groups.
By enabling a direct connection between sustainable livelihoods and the
generation of local and global livelihoods, SGP empowers communities to act and
participate in their own development and hence ensures community ownership and
impact. Over the course of the last 20 years, SGP has provided grants to over
12,000 grantees with 64 percent of grants channeled to NGOs, 34 percent to CBOs,
and 2 percent to other not-for-profit organizations. More than 60 percent of
projects have directly benefitted communities either through direct grants to
CBOs or through other NGOs and CSOs working with communities.

Project completion date : 2014-05-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : Room 3, Avangardnaya st. 46,
Minsk, 220037
Attn:  Mr. Alexander Levchenko

Country :Belarus
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017
Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000
Call: +1 (212) 963-1234

Contacts : GEF Secretariat
1818 H Street, NW, Mail Stop P4-400
Washington, DC 20433 USA
Tel: (202) 473-0508
Fax: (202) 522-3240/3245
Email: secretariat@thegef.org
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                              May 31, 2015 Sunday

Business Watch: Herman's Meat Market to move in the next year

LENGTH: 550 words


Herman's Meat Market will move to a new location and open a restaurant section
sometime in the next year.

Owner Jeff Herman said the new location, on S.W. Huntoon west of Gage, will have
almost three times the space of the current location at 2825 S.W. Fairlawn.

That will allow space for restaurant seating, he said.

The timeline for moving isn't final, Herman said, but he hopes to open the new
location by the first quarter of 2016. The new location also may have extended
hours, though the exact ones will be released closer to the move, he said.

The new location will continue to offer large bundles of meat, sliced deli meats
and cheeses and the lunch menu of sandwiches, soups and chili, Herman said. The
restaurant portion will add a variety of barbecued meats, including chicken,
brisket, ribs and turkey, he said.

"We're hoping to offer a full line of barbecue," he said. "We're definitely
going to have to hire some more folks."

Food producers can get grants

The U.S. Department of Agriculture is offering $30 million in grants to farmers,
ranchers and food entrepreneurs to develop new products.

The 'Value-Added Producer' grants can cover some of the costs of either planning
to determine whether an idea is viable, or making the product a reality, said
Jessica Bowser, spokeswoman for USDA Rural Development in Kansas. The maximum
grant is $75,000 for planning or $250,000 in working capital, she said.

Value-added products are those that take a raw material, such as wheat, and turn
it into something that commands a higher price, such as pasta. A previous
awardee from the Topeka area received funds to produce pumpkin donuts from his
seasonal pumpkin patch.

"USDA is really focused right now on helping rural agricultural producers
increases their profits," Bowser said. "That's not only providing jobs and
increasing their profits, it's going to affect the entire community."

The grants are available for most non-corporate producers, Bowser said, though
military veterans, new farmers and ranchers and those who have small operations,
people from disadvantaged backgrounds, cooperatives and supply networks that
link producers and businesses that add value to their products will receive
priority.

The deadline is July 2 for electronic applications and July 7 for paper ones.
For more information, contact Nancy Pletcher, USDA Rural Development business
programs specialist, (785) 271-2733 or nancy.pletcher@ks.usda.gov, or visit
www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-grants/ks.

Realtors affiliate

with Berkshire

A Topeka real estate office at 2858 S.W. Villa West has joined Berkshire
Hathaway HomeServices.

Debbie Davis, the managing broker, said the same people who worked in the office
as Prudential First Realtors will continue to work there under the new
affiliation. The real estate firm has worked with residential and commercial
real estate in Topeka for 25 years, she said.

Davis said joining BHHS was advantageous because the brand is prestigious and
the company focuses on building trust with clients.

"We feel privileged to join Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices, a brand inspired by
Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc.," she said.

For more information, call (785) 271-2888 or visit www.BHHSFirstRealtors.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Requests for Applications: Rural Business Development Grant Program to Provide
Technical Assistance for Rural Transportation Systems

LENGTH: 4588  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 This notice is to invite applications for grants to provide technical
assistance for rural transportation (RT) systems under the Rural Business
Development Grant (RBDG) program for fiscal year (FY) 2016. Funding shall be
made available to qualified national organizations to provide technical
assistance for RT systems and for RT systems to Federally Recognized Native
American Tribes' (FRNAT) (collectively "Programs") from funds appropriated for
the RBDG program. The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) will administer
these awards for FY 2016 under the RBDG program and the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act. This notice is subject to the terms and funds for the
Programs made available in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Pub. L.
114-113) (FY 2016 appropriation).





 All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in developing their
applications.

 Dates



 Completed applications must be received in the USDA Rural Development State
Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on March 31, 2016. Applications
received at a USDA Rural Development State Office after this date will not be
considered for FY 2016 funding.

 Addresses



 Submit applications in paper format to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the State where the project is located. A list of the USDA Rural Development
State Office contacts can be found at:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html.

 For Further Information Contact



 Cindy Mason and Kristi Kubista-Hovis, Specialty Programs Division, Business
Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., MS 3226, Room 4204-South, Washington, DC
20250-3226, or call 202-720-1400. For further information on this notice, please
contact the USDA Rural Development State Office in the State in which the
applicant's headquarters is located.

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Solicitation Opportunity Title: Rural Business Development Grants.



 Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.351.



 Dates: Completed applications must be received in the USDA Rural Development
State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on March 31, 2016, to be
eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. Applications received after this date will
not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.

 A. Program Description



 1. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of this program is to improve the
economic conditions of rural areas.



 2. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under section 310B(c) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)). Regulations are
contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E. The program is administered on behalf
of RBS at the State level by the USDA Rural Development State Offices.
Assistance provided to rural areas under the program may include the provision
of on-site technical assistance to local and regional governments, public
transit agencies, and related non-profit and for-profit organizations in rural
areas; the development of training materials; and the provision of necessary
training assistance to local officials and agencies in rural areas.



 Awards under the RBDG passenger transportation program will be made on a
competitive basis using specific selection criteria contained in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart E, and in accordance with section 310B(c) of the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)). Information required to be in the
application package includes Standard Form (SF) 424, "Application for Federal
Assistance;" RD 1940-20, "Request for Environmental Information;" Scope of Work
Narrative; Income Statement; Balance Sheet or Audit for previous 3 years;
AD-1047, "Debarment/Suspension Certification;" AD-1048, "Certification Regarding
Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion;" AD-1049,
"Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements;" SF LLL, "Disclosure
of Lobbying Activities;" RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement;" RD 400-4,
"Assurance Agreement;" and a letter stating Board authorization to obtain
assistance. For the FRNAT grant, which must benefit FRNATs, at least 75 percent
of the benefits of the project must be received by members of FRNATs. The
project that scores the greatest number of points based on the RBDG selection
criteria and the discretionary points will be selected for each grant.



 Applicants must be qualified national non-profit organizations with experience
in providing technical assistance and training to rural communities nationwide
for the purpose of improving passenger transportation service or facilities. To
be considered "national," RBS requires a qualified organization to provide
evidence that it operates RT assistance programming Nation-wide. There is not a
requirement to use the grant funds in a multi-State area. Grants will be made to
qualified national non-profit organizations for the provision of technical
assistance and training to rural communities for the purpose of improving
passenger transportation services or facilities.



 3. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.403.



 4. Application Awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, and score applications
received in response to this notice based on the provisions in 7 CFR 4280,
subpart E and as indicated in this notice. However, the Agency advises all
interested parties that the applicant bears the burden in preparing and
submitting an application in response to this notice.

 B. Federal Award Information



 Type of Award: Grants.



 Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2016.



 Approximate Number of Awards: To be determined based on qualified applications
received. Historically two awards have been made.



 Expected Amounts of Individual Awards and Amount of Funding per Federal Award:
$500,000 and $250,000 depending on the number of applicants.



 Maximum Awards: A total of $500,000 will be awarded for technical assistance
for rural transportation systems and a maximum of $250,000 for FRNATs.



 Award Date: Prior to September 30, 2016.



 Performance Period: October 1, 2016, through September 30, 2017.



 Renewal or Supplemental Awards: None.

 C. Eligibility Information

 1. Eligible Applicants



 To be considered eligible, an entity must be a qualified national non-profit
organization serving rural areas as evidenced in its organizational documents
and demonstrated experience, per 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E. Grants will be
competitively awarded to qualified national non-profit organizations.



 The Agency requires the following information to make an eligibility
determination that an applicant is a national non-profit organization. These
applications must include, but are not limited to, the following:



 (a) An original and one copy of SF 424, "Application for Federal Assistance
(For Non-construction);"



 (b) Copies of applicant's organizational documents showing the applicant's
legal existence and authority to perform the activities under the grant;



 (c) A proposed scope of work, including a description of the proposed Project,
details of the proposed activities to be accomplished and timeframes for
completion of each task, the number of months duration of the Project, and the
estimated time it will take from grant approval to beginning of Project
implementation;



 (d) A written narrative that includes, at a minimum, the following items:



 (i) An explanation of why the Project is needed, the benefits of the proposed
Project, and how the Project meets the grant eligible purposes;



 (ii) Area to be served, identifying each governmental unit, i.e., town, county,
etc., to be affected by the Project;



 (iii) Description of how the Project will coordinate Economic Development
activities with other Economic Development activities within the Project area;



 (iv) Businesses to be assisted, if appropriate, and Economic Development to be
accomplished;



 (v) An explanation of how the proposed Project will result in newly created,
increased, or supported jobs in the area and the number of projected new and
supported jobs within the next 3 years;



 (vi) A description of the applicant's demonstrated capability and experience in
providing the proposed Project assistance, including experience of key staff
members and persons who will be providing the proposed Project activities and
managing the Project;



 (vii) The method and rationale used to select the areas and businesses that
will receive the service;



 (viii) A brief description of how the work will be performed, including whether
organizational staff or consultants or contractors will be used; and



 (ix) Other information the Agency may request to assist it in making a grant
award determination.



 (e) The latest 3 years of financial information to show the applicant's
financial capacity to carry out the proposed work. If the applicant is less than
3 years old, at a minimum, the information should include all balance sheet(s),
income statement(s) and cash flow statement(s). A current audited report is
required if available;



 (f) Documentation regarding the availability and amount of other funds to be
used in conjunction with the funds from RBDG;



 (g) A budget which includes salaries, fringe benefits, consultant costs,
indirect costs, and other appropriate direct costs for the Project.

 2. Cost Sharing or Matching.



 Matching funds are not required.

 3. Other



 Applications will only be accepted from qualified national non-profit
organizations to provide technical assistance for RT. There are no
"responsiveness," or "threshold" eligibility criteria for these grants. There is
no limit on the number of applications an applicant may submit under this
announcement. In addition to the forms listed under program description, Form
AD-3030 "Representations Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status
for Corporate Applicants," must be completed in the affirmative.



 None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter
into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with,
make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that
has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all
judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and
that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the
authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the awarding
agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, unless a Federal agency has
considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a
determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests
of the Government.



 None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter
into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with,
make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that
was convicted of a felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the
preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction,
unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the
corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not
necessary to protect the interests of the Government.

 4. Completeness Eligibility



 Applications will not be considered for funding if they do not provide
sufficient information to determine eligibility or are missing required
elements.

 D. Application and Submission Information

 1. Address To Request Application Package



 For further information, entities wishing to apply for assistance should
contact the USDA Rural Development State Office provided in the ADDRESSES
section of this notice to obtain copies of the application package.



 Applications must be submitted in paper format. Applications submitted to a
Rural Development State Office must be received by the closing date and local
time deadline.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission



 An application must contain all of the required elements. Each application
received in a USDA Rural Development State Office will be reviewed to determine
if it is consistent with the eligible purposes contained in section 310B(c) of
the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)). Each
selection priority criterion outlined in 7 CFR 4280.435 must be addressed in the
application. Failure to address any of the criterion will result in a zero-point
score for that criterion and will impact the overall evaluation of the
application. Copies of 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E, will be provided to any
interested applicant making a request to a USDA Rural Development State Office.



 All projects to receive technical assistance through these passenger
transportation grant funds are to be identified when the applications are
submitted to the USDA Rural Development State Office. Multiple project
applications must identify each individual project, indicate the amount of
funding requested for each individual project, and address the criteria as
stated above for each individual project.



 For multiple-project applications, the average of the individual project scores
will be the score for that application.



 The applicant documentation and forms needed for a complete application are
located in the Program Description section of this notice, and 7 CFR part 4280,
subpart E.



 (a) There are no specific formats, specific limitations on number of pages,
font size and type face, margins, paper size, number of copies, and the sequence
or assembly requirements.



 (b) The component pieces of this application should contain original signatures
on the original application.



 (c) Since these grants are for technical assistance for transportation
purposes, no additional information requirements other than those described in
this notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E are required.

 3. Unique Entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM)



 All applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System
(DUNS) number which can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at
(866) 705-5711 or at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Each applicant (unless the
applicant is an individual or Federal awarding agency that is excepted from the
requirements under 2 CFR 25.110(b) or (c) or has an exception approved by the
Federal awarding agency under 2 CFR 25.110(d)) is required to: (i) Be registered
in the System for Award Management (SAM) before submitting its application; (ii)
provide a valid unique entity identifier in its application; and (iii) continue
to maintain an active SAM registration with current information at all times
during which it has an active Federal award or an application or plan under
consideration by a Federal awarding agency. The Federal awarding agency may not
make a Federal award to an applicant until the applicant has complied with all
applicable unique entity identifier and SAM requirements and, if an applicant
has not fully complied with the requirements by the time the Federal awarding
agency is ready to make a Federal award, the Federal awarding agency may
determine that the applicant is not qualified to receive a Federal award and use
that determination as a basis for making a Federal award to another applicant.

 4. Submission Dates and Times



 (a) Application Deadline Date: No later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on March
31, 2016.



 Explanation of Deadlines: Applications must be in the USDA Rural Development
State Office by the local deadline date and time as indicated above. If the due
date falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the application is due the
next business day.



 (b) The deadline date means that the completed application package must be
received in the USDA Rural Development State Office by the deadline date
established above. All application documents identified in this notice are
required.



 (c) If completed applications are not received by the deadline established
above, the application will neither be reviewed nor considered under any
circumstances. (d) The Agency will determine the application receipt date based
on the actual date postmarked.



 (e) This notice is for RT technical assistance grants only and therefore,
intergovernmental reviews are not required.



 (f) These grants are for RT technical assistance grants only, no construction
or equipment purchases are permitted. If the grantee has a previously approved
indirect cost rate, it is permissible, otherwise, the applicant may elect to
charge the 10 percent indirect cost permitted under 2 CFR 200.414(f) or request
a determination of its Indirect Cost Rate. Due to the time required to evaluate
Indirect Cost Rates, it is likely that all funds will be awarded by the time the
Indirect Cost Rate is determined. No foreign travel is permitted. Pre-Federal
award costs will only be permitted with prior written approval by the Agency.



 (g) Applicants must submit applications in hard copy format as previously
indicated in the Application and Submission Information section of this notice.
If the applicant wishes to hand deliver its application, the addresses for these
deliveries can be located in the ADDRESSES section of this notice.



 (h) If you require alternative means of communication for program information
(e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET
Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

 E. Application Review Information

 1. Criteria



 All eligible and complete applications will be evaluated and scored based on
the selection criteria and weights contained in 7 CFR 4280.435 and will select
grantees subject to the grantees' satisfactory submission of the additional
items required by 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E and the USDA Rural Development
Letter of Conditions. Failure to address any one of the criteria by the
application deadline will result in the application being determined ineligible,
and the application will not be considered for funding. The amount of an RT
grant may be adjusted, at RBS's discretion, to enable RBS to award RT grants to
the applications with the highest priority scores in each category.

 2. Review and Selection Process



 The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible
for assistance based on requirements contained in 7 CFR 4280.416 and 4280.417.
If determined eligible, your application will be submitted to the National
Office. Funding of projects is subject to the applicant's satisfactory
submission of the additional items required by that subpart and the USDA Rural
Development Letter of Conditions. The Agency reserves the right to award
additional discretionary points under 7 CFR 4280.435(k).



 In awarding discretionary points, the Agency scoring criteria regularly assigns
points to applications that direct loans or grants to projects based in or
serving census tracts with poverty rates greater than or equal to 20 percent.
This emphasis will support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality
of life for rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who
most need them.

 F. Federal Award Administration Information

 1. Federal Award Notices



 Successful applicants will receive notification for funding from the USDA Rural
Development State Office. Applicants must comply with all applicable statutes
and regulations before the grant award will be approved. Unsuccessful
applications will receive notification by mail.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements



 Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this program can be
found in 7 CFR 4280.408, 4280.410, and 4280.439. Awards are subject to USDA
grant regulations at 2 CFR chapter IV which incorporates the new Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) regulations 2 CFR part 200.



 All successful applicants will be notified by letter, which will include a
letter of conditions, and a letter of intent to meet the conditions. This letter
is not an authorization to begin performance. If the applicant wishes to
consider beginning performance prior to the grant being officially closed, all
pre-award costs must be approved in writing and in advance by the Agency. The
grant will be considered officially awarded when all conditions in the letter of
conditions have been met and the Agency obligates the funding for the project.



 Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this program can be
found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E; the Grants and Agreements regulations of
the U.S. Department of Agriculture codified in 2 CFR parts 400.1 to 400.18, and
successor regulations to these parts.



 In addition, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to
report information about first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation (see 2
CFR part 170). You will be required to have the necessary processes and systems
in place to comply with the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act
of 2006 (Pub. L. 109-282) reporting requirements (see 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless
you are exempt under 2 CFR 170.110(b)). More information on these requirements
can be found at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-
grants.



 The following additional requirements apply to grantees selected for this
program:



 (a) Form RD 4280-2 "Rural Business-Cooperative Service Financial Assistance
Agreement."



 (b) Letter of Conditions.



 (c) Form RD 1940-1, "Request for Obligation of Funds."



 (d) Form RD 1942-46, "Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions."



 (e) Form AD-1047, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other
Responsibility Matters-Primary Covered Transactions."



 (f) Form AD-1048, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility
and Voluntary Exclusion-Lower Tier Covered Transactions."



 (g) Form AD-1049, "Certification Regarding a Drug-Free Workplace Requirement (
Grants)."



 (h) Form AD-3030, "Representation Regarding Felony Conviction and Tax
Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants." Must be signed by corporate
applicants who receive an award under this notice.



 (i) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement."



 (j) SF LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activities," if applicable.



 (k) use Form SF 270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement."

 3. Reporting



 (a) A Financial Status Report and a project performance activity report will be
required of all grantees on a quarterly basis until initial funds are expended
and yearly thereafter, if applicable, based on the Federal fiscal year. The
grantee will cause the project to be completed within the total sums available
to it in accordance with the Scope of Work and any necessary modifications
thereof prepared by the grantee and approved by the Agency. A final project
performance report will be required with the final Financial Status Report. The
final report may serve as the last quarterly report. The final report must
provide complete information regarding the jobs created and supported as a
result of the grant if applicable. Grantees must continuously monitor
performance to ensure that time schedules are being met, projected work by time
periods is being accomplished, and other performance objectives are being
achieved. Grantees must submit an original of each report to the Agency no later
than 30 days after the end of the quarter. The project performance reports must
include, but not be limited to, the following:



 (1) A comparison of actual accomplishments to the objectives established for
that period;



 (2) Problems, delays, or adverse conditions, if any, which have affected or
will affect attainment of overall project objectives, prevent meeting time
schedules or objectives, or preclude the attainment of particular project work
elements during established time periods. This disclosure shall be accompanied
by a statement of the action taken or planned to resolve the situation;



 (3) Objectives and timetable established for the next reporting period;



 (4) Any special reporting requirements, such as jobs supported and created,
businesses assisted, or economic development which results in improvements in
median household incomes, and any other specific requirements, should be placed
in the reporting section in the Letter of Conditions; and



 (5) Within 90 days after the conclusion of the project, the grantee will
provide a final project evaluation report. The last quarterly payment will be
withheld until the final report is received and approved by the Agency. Even
though the grantee may request reimbursement on a monthly basis, the last 3
months of reimbursements will be withheld until a final project, project
performance, and financial status report are received and approved by the
Agency.

 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contact(s)



 For general questions about this announcement, please contact your USDA Rural
Development State Office provided in the ADDRESSES section of this notice.

 H. Other Information

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act, the paperwork burden has been
cleared by OMB.

 Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act



 All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a DUNS number,
which can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at (866)705-5711
or online at http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Similarly, all applicants must be
registered in SAM prior to submitting an application. Applicants may register
for the SAM at http://www.sam.gov. All recipients of Federal financial
assistance are required to report information about first-tier sub-awards and
executive total compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170.

 I. Nondiscrimination



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment, or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the Department.
(Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment
activities.)



 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov



 Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and wish
to file either an EEO or program complaint may contact USDA through the Federal
Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).



 Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email.

 Dated: March 9, 2016.

 Samuel H. Rikkers,

 Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-06036 Filed 3-16-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Business Loan and Grant Analyst DC-2014-0109

LENGTH: 3456  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Business Loan and Grant Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0109
SALARY RANGE:
 $75,621.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, September 24, 2014 to Friday, October 3, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-12/13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Service, Rural Business and Cooperative Service, and Rural Utilities
Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and promotes
diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Specialty Programs Branch, Specialty Programs
Division (SPD), under the Deputy Administrator, Business Programs, Rural
Development.  The Specialty Programs Division is responsible for developing and
recommending operating plans, policies, and procedures that regulate and guide
SPD loan and grant processing, administration, and monitoring activities.  The
SPD Processing Branch loan and grant programs currently include: Intermediary
Relending Program (IRP), Rural Business Development Grants (RBDG), Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), Rural Business Investment Program
(RBIP), and the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) programs.

This announcement maybe used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that are
identified by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    5%

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    For the GS-13 level, OGE Form 450 is required.
    As a condition of employment a background investigation is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Performs analyses of a full range of financial data including but not limited to
financial statements, financial forecasts and feasibility studies for business
and specialty lenders.
    Monitor industry economic and financing trends and make evaluations and
recommendations regarding the impact of such trends on potential and existing
borrowers and grantees in terms of security interests, the soundness of federal
investment, business, community, and economic development funding needs, and the
projected ability of the borrower or grantee to perform.
    Prepare, analyze, interpret and review nonstandard and standard legal
documents in support of loans, loan guarantees, and grants.
    Evaluate business and specialty industry organizations' operational and
financial characteristics in processing difficult and complex loan, guaranteed
loan, and grant applications.
    Provides information clearinghouse functions to potential clients, grantees
and borrowers.
    Assist with the development of training seminars for internal and external
audiences.
    Incumbent may be called upon to assist with responses to Performance
assessment Rating Tool questions.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligiblity requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including time and grade restrictions and
specialized experience as defined below.

Time in grade: Applicant must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade. (e.g., one year at the GS-11 grade level
for consideration to the GS-12 grade level and one year at the GS-12 grade level
for consideration at the GS-13 level).

For the GS-12 level: Applicants must have one year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-11 or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
experience performing credit risk and financial statement analysis, including
applicable financial, managerial, operational economic, regulatory, loan
security, and legal problems and issues; experience assisting in Government
grant and loan policies, practices, laws, and regulations related to
construction and non-construction grants; experience utilizing automated
equipment and software to extract and analyze information and data and
experience presenting information orally and in writing.  There is no education
substitution for this grade.


For the GS-13 level:  Applicants must have one year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-12 or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
experience performing credit risk and financial statement analysis, including
applicable financial, managerial, operational, economic, regulatory, loan
security, and legal problems and issues; experience in applying Government grant
and loan policies, practices, laws, and regulations related to construction and
non-construction grants; experience utilizing automated equipment and software
to extract and analyze information and data and experience presenting
information orally and in writing.  There is no education substitution for this
grade.

Note: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by the closing date of
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.

o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Program Administration/Project Management
        Commercial and Community Loan and Grant Making
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=4ac5a59f-15ef
-41fe-9618-a3aa00fbab1b

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs
TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPMs
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your DD-214
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates of
service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of service
(Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214, "Certificate of
Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: (202) 692-0186
Fax: (202) 692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA(RBS)
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: (202) 692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 998 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 23, 2010 Monday

Development issues on council agenda

BYLINE: The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 294 words


Aug. 23--Orangeburg County Council will hold a special, called meeting at 5:30
p.m. Monday.

Council is scheduled to give second reading to an ordinance authorizing a
deed-lease agreement between the county and Jafza South Carolina LLC.

No comments were made at a public hearing on the ordinance last week. According
to Stephen McCrae Jr., Jafza's attorney, the ordinance calls for the company to
deed five acres to the county for the development of a training building near
Interstate 95. The county will then lease that land back to Jafza, which will be
responsible for construction of a facility called The Training Center.

McCrae said funding for construction will be through Tri-County Electric
Cooperative, with other funds from Rural Economic Development Land Grant and
other sources.

Council is also expected to give first reading to an ordinance allowing the
county to borrow money from Tri-County Electric Co-op for the project.

In other business, council is scheduled to:

--Enter executive session for a legal briefing.

--Take official action in authorizing the purchase of property from Moncks
Corner LTD to be used for the disposal of treated wastewater from the proposed
Goodbys Creek Regional Wastewater Treatment Plant.

Council meets in the County Administrative Centre on Amelia Street.

To see more of The Times and Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.timesanddemocrat.com . Copyright (c) 2010, The Times and Democrat,
Orangeburg, S.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100823-GG-DVLP-ISSUES-20100823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2010 The Times and Democrat


                              618 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Rural Business-Cooperative Service: Business Loan and Grant Analyst DC-2014-0109

LENGTH: 3458  words

DATELINE: Washington


The United States Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job
announcement:

Job Title:Business Loan and Grant Analyst

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Job Announcement Number:DC-2014-0109
SALARY RANGE:
 $75,621.00 to $116,901.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Wednesday, September 24, 2014 to Sunday, October 5, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1101-12/13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy - District of Columbia, DC View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Federal employees with competitive status, reinstatement
eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA eligibles, certain military spouses,
30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA volunteers,
CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Farm Service Agency permanent county employees and those
eligible for other Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Public Trust - Background Investigation
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 No
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Service, Rural Business and Cooperative Service, and Rural Utilities
Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and promotes
diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This position is located in the Specialty Lenders Processing Branch, Specialty
Lenders Division (SLD), under the Deputy Administrator, Business Programs, Rural
Development.  The Specialty Lenders Division is responsible for developing and
recommending operating plans, policies, and procedures that regulate and guide
SLD loan and grant processing, administration, and monitoring activities.  The
SLD Processing Branch loan and grant programs currently include: Intermediary
Relending Program (IRP), Rural Business Development Grants (RBDG), Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), Rural Business Investment Program
(RBIP), and the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) programs.

This announcement maybe used to fill additional or subsequent vacancies that are
identified by the organization.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    5%

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    For the GS-13 level, OGE Form 450 is required.
    As a condition of employment a background investigation is required.

DUTIES:
Back to top

Performs analyses of a full range of financial data including but not limited to
financial statements, financial forecasts and feasibility studies for business
and specialty lenders.
    Monitor industry economic and financing trends and make evaluations and
recommendations regarding the impact of such trends on potential and existing
borrowers and grantees in terms of security interests, the soundness of federal
investment, business, community, and economic development funding needs, and the
projected ability of the borrower or grantee to perform.
    Prepare, analyze, interpret and review nonstandard and standard legal
documents in support of loans, loan guarantees, and grants.
    Evaluate business and specialty industry organizations' operational and
financial characteristics in processing difficult and complex loan, guaranteed
loan, and grant applications.
    Provides information clearinghouse functions to potential clients, grantees
and borrowers.
    Assist with the development of training seminars for internal and external
audiences.
    Incumbent may be called upon to assist with responses to Performance
assessment Rating Tool questions.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligiblity requirements by the
closing date of the announcement including time and grade restrictions and
specialized experience as defined below.

Time in grade: Applicant must meet one year at the next lower grade to be
considered for the next higher grade. (e.g., one year at the GS-11 grade level
for consideration to the GS-12 grade level and one year at the GS-12 grade level
for consideration at the GS-13 level).

For the GS-12 level: Applicants must have one year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-11 or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
experience performing credit risk and financial statement analysis, including
applicable financial, managerial, operational economic, regulatory, loan
security, and legal problems and issues; experience assisting in Government
grant and loan policies, practices, laws, and regulations related to
construction and non-construction grants; experience utilizing automated
equipment and software to extract and analyze information and data and
experience presenting information orally and in writing.  There is no education
substitution for this grade.


For the GS-13 level:  Applicants must have one year of specialized experience
equivalent to at least the GS-12 or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates
experience performing credit risk and financial statement analysis, including
applicable financial, managerial, operational, economic, regulatory, loan
security, and legal problems and issues; experience in applying Government grant
and loan policies, practices, laws, and regulations related to construction and
non-construction grants; experience utilizing automated equipment and software
to extract and analyze information and data and experience presenting
information orally and in writing.  There is no education substitution for this
grade.

Note: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1101 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by the closing date of
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp.

o  CONFIDENTIAL FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE REPORT: If selected, you will be required
to submit Form OGE-450 within 30 days of your initial appointment date, and
annually thereafter. Selectee is subject to financial Disclosure Requirements in
accordance with 5 CFR, Part 2635, Sub part E regarding business or personal
transactions with applicants, borrowers, or business contacts who have or who
are seeking business with this Agency. Selectee must be able to obtain and
maintain a security clearance. If selected you will be subject to a National
Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a credit report.
o  If you are newly hired, the documentation you present for purposes of
completing the Department Homeland Security (DHS) Form I-9 on your entry-on-duty
date will be verified through the DHS "E-VERIFY" system. Federal law requires
the use of E-VERIFY to confirm the employment eligibility of all new hires.
Under this system, the new hire is required to resolve any identified
discrepancies as a condition of continued employment.
o  To be eligible for appointment to this position, the new hire must be cleared
to come on board once the results of the fingerprint check, review of the
OF-306, Declaration for Federal Employment, and the candidate's Electronic
Questionnaires for Investigations Processing (eQIP) entries have been reviewed
and determined to be satisfactory.  This position requires a favorable credit
check as part of the background investigation.
o  Selectee must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance. If
selected you may be subject to a National Agency Check and Inquiry (NACI) and a
credit report inquiry.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Program Administration/Project Management
        Commercial and Community Loan and Grant Making
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rbcs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=4ac5a59f-15ef
-41fe-9618-a3aa00fbab1b

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/


OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are selected for a position with further promotion potential, you will
be placed under a career development plan, and may be non-competitively promoted
if you successfully complete the requirements and if recommended by management.
However, promotion is neither implied nor guaranteed.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
o  Persons with disabilities who require alternative means for communication of
program information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc) should contact: USDAs
TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).
o  BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION AND FINGERPRINT CHECK:  Selection and retention in
this position is contingent on a successfully adjudicated FBI National Criminal
History Check (fingerprint check) and a background investigation.
o  Career Transition Assistance Plan(CTAP) or Interagency Career Transition
Assistance Plan (ICTAP):   If you are claiming CTAP/ICTAP eligibility, provide
proof of eligibility to include your most recent performance appraisal, SF-50,
and proof of eligibility such as a RIF separation notice or letter from OPM/your
agency.  CTAP/ICTAP eligibles will be considered well-qualified if achieving a
rating of 85 or above.  Information about CTAP/ICTAP eligibility is on OPMs
Career Transition Resources website at http://www.opm.gov/ctap/index.asp.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours normally (8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

If you are a veteran claiming Veterans' Preference, please attach your DD-214
"Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty," showing all dates of
service, receipt of medals and campaign badges, as well as character of service
(Honorable, General, etc.). The member 4 copy of your DD-214, "Certificate of
Release or Discharge from Active Duty," is preferable.

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.
    Peace Corps/VISTA Volunteers: Documentation of no less than 24 months (Peace
Corps) or 1 year (VISTA) of continuous service and separated within 1 year of
completing the qualifying service.
    Peace Corps Staff: Documentation of no less than 36 months of continuous
service without a break in service of 3 days or more and separated within the 3
years of completing the qualifying service.
    Certain Family Members under E.O. 12721: Most recent non-award SF-50 and
performance appraisal.
    Interchange Agreement with Other Merit Systems: Documentation of eligibility
as listed in interchange agreement.
    Miscellaneous Authorities Not Regulated by the Office of Personnel
Management: (Postal Career Service Employees, Postal Service Commission
Employees, GAO, US Courts, etc.), Current Notification of Personnel Action (or
equivalent) that reflects your eligibility.
    Other Special Hiring Authorities: If you are claiming eligibility under a
Special Hiring Authority, you must submit supporting documents.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Sheran Littlejohn
Phone: (202) 692-0186
Fax: (202) 692-0182
Email: sheran.littlejohn@wdc.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA(RBS)
1400 Independence Ave., S.W.
Washington, DC,
20250
USA
Fax: (202) 692-0182
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 13, 1986 Thursday

Devine's Cabinet

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 121 words


The Saskatchewan Cabinet, in order of precedence:
 Grant Devine: Premier, Agriculture.
 Eric Bernston: Deputy Premier, Provincial Secretary.
 Robert Andrew: Economic Development, Trade, Justice.
 Gary Lane: Finance, Revenue, Financial Services.
 Graham Taylor: Tourism, Small Business, Supply, Services.
 Joan Duncan: Consumer, Commercial Affairs, Co-operative Development.
 Neal Hardy: Rural Development.
 George McLeod: Health.
 Patricia Smith: Energy, Mines.
 Lorne Hepworth: Education, Advanced Education, Manpower.
 Colin Maxwell: Parks, Renewable Resources, Culture, Recreation.
 Grant Hodgins: Highways.
 Grant Schmidt: Labor, Social Services.
 Jack Klein: Urban Affairs.
 Ray Meiklejohn: Science, Technology.
 Herbert Swan: Environment.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday
                                 METRO EDITION

HealthPartners to expand its presence in Uganda

BYLINE: JACKIE CROSBY; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 229 words


HealthPartners has landed a five-year, $3.4 million federal grant to expand a
health insurance network in the East African country of Uganda.

The Bloomington-based health care and insurance nonprofit said it will use the
money from the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) to improve
maternal and newborn care and to prevent and treat diseases commonly found in
rural areas, including malaria.

HealthPartners has been working in Uganda since 1997, when Land O'Lakes asked
the company to set up a community-owned health plan for dairy farmers that Land
O'Lakes had been working with for a number of years.

The idea was to create a plan similar to U.S.-based models, which would spread
costs for care among larger groups of patients and keep medical costs down by
emphasizing preventive care.

The program, known as the Uganda Health Cooperative, expanded in 2000 to include
other groups across the country, including coffee and tea cooperatives,
according to a report from the USAID.

More than 6,000 people from 29 business groups are part of the insurance
network.

HealthPartners will use the latest grant to set up two new cooperative health
networks that will initially focus on the southeastern districts of Uganda, said
spokeswoman Annelise Searle. The company believes the networks eventually will
provide prepaid health care coverage to 85,000 Ugandans.

JACKIE CROSBY

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 9, 2001 Monday Five Star Lift Edition

GROUP THAT PUSHED FOR GROWTH ALONG I-70 IS FORCED TO FOLD ;
 LACK OF SPONSORS, DEATH OF PRESIDENT LEADS TO ITS DOWNFALL;
 ASSOCIATION WAS FORMED IN 1990

BYLINE: Shera Dalin Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: ST. CLAIR-MONROE POST; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 550 words

DATELINE: GREENVILLE


An economic development organization that formed to bring more life to towns
along Interstate 70 died this month from lack of funding and the loss of its
leadership "soul."

The I-70 Growth Association formed in 1990 to promote 15 communities along the
interstate from Troy to Altamont. It was sponsored for the first few years by
Southwestern Electric Cooperative Inc. in Greenville, which provided a
substantial grant for the association.

Over the years the organization attracted the attention of legislators and
economic developers in Springfield, giving the member towns more visibility,
political clout and a better chance at luring business to the area, said I-70
Growth Association Coordinator Randy Alderman of Greenville.

But about six or seven years ago, the cooperative pulled its sponsorship because
of changing financial times, Alderman said. The group was unable to find another
deep-pocket sponsor.

"We were always really complimented about taking the regional approach we were
taking to promote economic development, but it just ran out of gas," Alderman
said. "Sometimes you just need to walk away."

Industrial developer Jack Schultz, president of Agracel Inc. of Effingham, said
the organization's demise was not good news for the region.

"If you are not actively promoting yourself, how are people going to become
aware of you?" he asked. "Unfortunately, we see a lot of the smaller communities
not doing anything, and they are really falling backwards, and in many cases,
they are into death spirals."

The association's demise was preceded by the death in November of its president,
Brownstown Mayor Jessie Miller.

"He became the soul of the organization," Alderman said. "He was well-beloved."

Miller delighted in hobnobbing with Springfield politicos and the Illinois
Department of Commerce and Community Affairs - a talent that served the
association well and helped keep DCCA's attention focused on the rural region,
Alderman said.

But the combination of Miller's death and the lack of substantial funds
crystallized the realization among the group's board that the organization could
no longer be effective, Alderman said.

To attend trade shows and advertise in trade magazines, the group would have
needed an annual budget of between $50,000 and $100,000, he said. Instead, it
had about $10,000, all of which came from dues paid by the 15 member communities
and 90 associate members, such as businesses and individuals.

Since the group disbanded, Alderman said any leftover money will be used to
disassemble its Web site and pay remaining bills. If funds still exist after
that, they will go to a sister organization, the I-70 Community Development
Corp.

That organization finances, with matching grants, business expansions such as
helping two printers in Greenville buy new presses and a shop in Vandalia
expand. Its work will continue, at least in the short term, Alderman said.

Meanwhile, the 15 member communities of the I-70 Growth Association will have to
take on a bigger role in promoting their own towns and assets, he said.

Alderman hopes that one day, when the time and financing are right, the growth
association might be resurrected.

"Sometimes organizations need to be reborn, and maybe this will be one of
those," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Shera Dalin: E-mail: sdalin@post-dispatch.com Phone:
618-659-3628

GRAPHIC: MAP; 2001 map FILED: Mo.,-Maps tms; Map - ASSOCIATION AREA (NOTE: this
map only appeared in the Alton Area Post and Madison County Post versions of
this story.)

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              622 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 11, 2006 Monday
                                  City Edition

Deadline set for grant, loan applications

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 228 words


Oct. 2 is the deadline to apply for grants to assist in diversifying Oklahoma
agricultural producers and interest free loans for promoting value-added
processing ventures or cooperative marketing programs.

Applications must be submitted at the state Agriculture Department.

The Oklahoma Agricultural Enhancement and Diversification program accepts
applications four times a year. Rick Maloney, marketing director for the
Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food and Forestry, said this is an
opportunity for producers with creative ideas to receive financial aid.

Any project that can help producers become more economically secure and bring
business to rural areas may be eligible for the program. Loans and grants are
available in four categories: cooperative marketing loan, marketing and
utilization loan, basic and applied research loan/grant, and farm
diversification grant.

Loans may not be used to buy land, buildings or equipment. They may be used for
feasibility studies, business plans, legal expenses, consultant fees, product
development and marketing.

To apply

Grant applications are available online at www.oda.state.ok.us by clicking on
the "Loans" link. For more information, contact Jason Harvey at 522-5563. The
mailing address is: Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food, and Forestry, 2800
Lincoln Blvd., Oklahoma City, OK 73105.


LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

One Home One Farm project helps rehabilitate beggars in Nilphamari

LENGTH: 297 words

DATELINE: Nilphamari


Nilphamari, July 28 -- 'One Home One Farm' project is now functioning as the
tool of multipurpose objective of the government. Initially the project was
introduced to reduce poverty among the hardcore poor people but now, it is being
used extensively in rehabilitating beggars in the district. By applying this
project three upazilas - Kishorgonj, Jaldhaka and Sadar - out of six of the
district has been able to rehabilitate the beggars.

Sources said now the numbers of beneficiaries of the project are increasing year
on year. 'One Home One Farm' is a project of Rural Development and Cooperative
Division of Ministry of Local Gover-nment, Rural Development and Cooperative.

An official of the project said there are 32,400 members in 540 samities in the
district and each samity consists of 60 members.

He also said excluding the aforesaid 540 samities there are 12 others extra
samities exclusively in Kisorgonj upazila for the rehabilitation project of 997
beggars.

The office sources said each and every samity member is provided with loan of an
amount of minimum Tk 5,000 to Tk 20,000 on 8.0 per cent interest rate to pay
within a year. The families are also imparted training and motivation to run
small business and to rear goats, cows and so on.

A samity member needs to save Tk 200 per month in his savings account and the
government provides subsidy equivalent to the amount saved by the respective
member.

The total savings of the members of the project and equivalent amount of the
government subsidy constitute a revolving fund meant for the project.

abumusa88@gmail.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Glasgow Daily Times (Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 24, 2013 Tuesday

Glasgow could have power from landfill gas by fall

BYLINE: Gina Kinslow, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 687 words


Dec. 24--GLASGOW -- Methane gas collected at the Glasgow Regional Landfill could
be used to produce electricity as early as the fall of 2014, according to a
project report given by Mayor Rhonda Riherd Trautman Monday during the Glasgow
City Council's finance committee meeting.

"It's started to pick up pace," she said.

The city of Glasgow is partnering with Farmer's Rural Electric Cooperative on
the project, which calls for the construction of an electrical power generation
plant at the landfill, which will turn methane gas, a byproduct of decaying
trash, into electricity.

The plant will be constructed, owned and operated by East Kentucky Power.

East Kentucky Power is owned by 16 cooperatives, including FRECC, which will
purchase the electricity produced at the landfill's plant.

The plant will be fitted with a 1 megawatt generator, which will supply
electricity to about 450 homes based on average usage, according to an October
Glasgow Daily Times' article.

"We did, on recommendation of our engineering firm, which is Cornerstone, which
specializes in this kind of project, we did an RFQ [request for quotation] in
December for qualifications for people who would be approved to bid on the
project," Trautman said.

Five RFQs from across the country were submitted and are being assessed by
Cornerstone [Engineering of Louisville] to see if they have the experience to do
the project, she said.

"We anticipate in mid-January we will be putting out bids for the actual
construction," she said.

The estimated cost of the project is around $1.2 million, Trautman said.

The city applied for an energy efficiency grant through the Kentucky Division of
Energy to help with project costs.

"We have not received the official letter, but we did get an e-mail stating our
grant was approved for $100,000," she said.

The grant funds will be deposited in the city's landfill fund to help cover the
city's portion of the project.

"So that is really good news," Trautman said. "They told us that once we get
under construction, it will move very quickly."

While the methane gas project is under construction, the city will also be
building a new garbage storage cell at the landfill. The new cell will
accommodate the methane gas collection system, according to an April Glasgow
Daily Times' story.

Nesbitt Engineering of Lexington will be overseeing the construction of the new
garbage storage cell, while Cornerstone will be handling the installation of the
methane recovery portion of the project.

"We are scheduled for the end of January ... to meet and sign the loan
documents. We have that ready to go," Trautman said.

FRECC obtained a $1 million interest free loan through the United States
Department of Agriculture's Rural Economic Development Loan Program, which will
cover about 80 percent of the anticipated project cost for the methane
collection system. FRECC will re-loan the money to the city for project. The
loan can be paid over a 10-year period.

The remaining amount of the project cost will be paid through the city's
sanitation landfill fund.

The loan documents are being reviewed by city attorney Ben Rogers and by
Woodford Gardner, attorney for FRECC, she said.

If the bid process goes as scheduled, the city will be recovering methane from
the landfill by July.

"Then we will have to vent it for a while, flame it off, to get a test load on
what's coming in," Trautman said. "In the mean time, we will be signing the
agreement with Farmer's Rural Electric to designate a platform area out there
for a pad."

The plant to house the generator will be constructed while the methane is being
vented, she said.

"By fall we will be running," Trautman said.

A feasibility study was conducted in February 2012 at a cost of $26,000 to the
city to identify the amount of methane available, the quality of the methane and
guidelines for a collection system.

Read more of this story in the print or digital Glasgow Daily Times.
http://glasgowdailytimes.cnhi.newsmemory.com/

___ (c)2013 the Glasgow Daily Times (Glasgow, Ky.) Visit the Glasgow Daily Times
(Glasgow, Ky.) at www.glasgowdailytimes.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131224-GK-Glasgow-could-have-power-from-landfill-gas-by-fall-1224-20131224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GK


                       Copyright 2013 Glasgow Daily Times


                              625 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 7, 2001 Wednesday

Rural Enterprises of Oklahoma receives grant

BYLINE: David Page

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 151 words


A grant has been awarded to Rural Enterprises of Oklahoma by the U.S. Small
Business Administration for a program to link small rural businesses with larger
companies to establish partnering and mentoring relationships.

Durant-based REI is the lead agency of a coalition established to achieve grant
objectives for the Business LINC Program. Other members of the coalition are the
Oklahoma Technology Commercialization Center, the Oklahoma Alliance for
Manufacturing Excellence and the Oklahoma State University Cooperative Extension
Service.

Under the grant, 22 southeastern Oklahoma counties, which include 10 federal
recognized Native American communities, will be served. The coalition proposed
that 20 large companies, not limited to Oklahoma, and 70 small businesses will
be participating. For more information on the program, call Kenny Simpson, REI
executive director, at (800) 658-2823.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Chester Progressive (California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 27, 2011

Electric co-op brings new Internet possibilities to area

BYLINE: The Chester Progressive staff

LENGTH: 1323  words


A $13.7 million federal grant and another $1.7 million from the state of
California will finance new telecommunications infrastructure in Plumas, Sierra
and Lassen counties -- infrastructure that will bring rural areas into sync with
more populated areas.

The grants were awarded to Plumas-Sierra Rural Electric Cooperative (PSREC), a
Portola-based electric cooperative with a long history of working to improve the
quality of life in the community.

Bob Marshall, PSREC's general manager, said, "Reliable and fast Internet is now
vital for the health of any community. Speeds that were great three years ago
are now inadequate. Service interruptions are frustrating as people are trying
to work from home, trying to expand their businesses. We are hearing from
numerous hotel/motels and RV parks that a lack of low-cost, high-speed Internet
is costing them business. People are fishing and hiking all day and wanting to
watch Netflix on their computers in the evening. We are hearing that homes
without broadband sell for less than homes with broadband. It reminds us of the
need for power in the '30s and '40s."

PSREC's latest major project is an effort to greatly improve the
telecommunications backbone for northeastern California, specifically central
and eastern Plumas County, eastern Sierra County and central and southern Lassen
County. The federal grant will fund the construction of a fiber network in this
region, owned by the Plumas-Sierra Telecommunications (PST) division of PSREC.

The driver of the project is to improve the affordability and availability of
broadband to the local region. Local incumbent telephone companies will also
benefit from the new fiber network and the additional capacity it will bring to
the area.

Prior to applying for grant funding, a local broadband consortium comprised of
hos-pitals, colleges, school districts, local government and economic
development entities met with Plumas-Sierra. The group identified challenges
related to the lack of bandwidth and its high cost in the area.

Economic groups and Realtors shared their frustration with lack of broadband and
the effect on real estate sales and in attracting businesses to the area.

Lori Rice, chief operating officer for PSREC's Telecommunications Division,
said, "This was an impressive collaborative effort. Widespread support was
required to get the grant and the data collected was extremely helpful for the
grant application."

The PST Fiber Project is a CCI (Critical Community Infrastructure) ARRA Grant.
The purpose of these projects is to bring broadband services to rural
communities that lack the broadband infrastructure seen in large cities and
urban areas and to repair the communication deficiency that weakens small
communities and adversely affects progress, jobs and the local economy.

This project will build a network with access to wholesale broadband, thus
significantly lowering the cost and increasing the availability. The network
will have interconnection points with existing carriers and providers of
Internet service.

Furthermore, the capacity of the network will support all foreseeable future
needs of the area and provides an opportunity to attract technology-based
businesses to the area.

Two critical components of the grant are noteworthy. First is the intent to
connect critical anchor tenants and safety services, such as next generation 911
services for the region.

Second is the "open access" nature of this network, which provides for leasing
and selling capacity to any and all providers who want to sell their products or
services over the network. This levels the playing field for all service
providers to compete and gives the consumer better choices with more capacity at
lower prices.

Plumas-Sierra currently offers ISP services through its telecommunications
subsidiary and knows only too well the frustration of acquiring enough bandwidth
to keep up with the consumer demand. Internet offerings and activities continue
to require more and more bandwidth to perform.

Local ISPs offer good value, but battle to expand their services and increase
available bandwidth due to the current constraints. Creative use of microwave
and other house-to-house type systems have helped to make services available but
they struggle with sustainability and growth.

The project is a three-year process with a federally defined start date of
August 2010 (grant awarded) to July 31, 2013, at which time the project must be
100 percent complete. Plumas-Sierra is currently working through the federal and
state environmental permitting stage and acquiring the required permits and
easements.

The award conditions require that all permitting, including environmental, be
100 percent complete before construction may begin. Plumas-Sierra is hoping to
break ground later this year.

The network begins in Reno, where wholesale bandwidth is currently available,
and will head north to Hallelujah Junction. From Hallelujah Junction a western
leg will head to Quincy, and a northern leg will reach to Su-sanville with a
spur going to Herlong.

A spur of the system will also go to Loyalton. In Portola, the system's main
line will be on the north side of town, but a spur will run across the river and
reach City Hall and Eastern Plumas Health Care. Another spur will run to PSREC's
Graeagle substation.

The main line runs all the way through Quincy and gets out as far as both Plumas
District Hospital and Feather River College.

A map of the fiber project and project updates can be found on Plumas-Sierra's
website at the following address: psrec.coop/fiber_project.php.

What about Sierraville, Whitehawk, Meadow Valley, Chester, Westwood, etc.? When
will the project serve them?

One of the most common questions PSREC receives is about expansion of the system
to more towns. Marshall responded, "The grant was to get to 'critical anchor
institutions' including schools, hospitals, public safety, Indian reservations,
cities, the state and federal prisons and the Army base in Herlong. We also had
to focus where we had electrical poles already in the ground so that we could
get through the environmental process.

"This doesn't mean that nearby communities won't also benefit. It is so much
easier to improve Internet access if a fiber system is nearby. Microwave and
wireless systems can reach into adjoining communities and the reliability is
excellent if most of the system is fiber based. Our other subsidiary,
Plumas-Sierra Wireless, will be working with communities and businesses to
expand the system past the grant footprint."

One of the things that the PSREC staff stress is that it is not a
fiber-to-the-home system. The grant was to improve the backbone
telecommunications system and then PSREC's other subsidiary as well as its
competitors can expand their local offerings.

Rice said, "As an Open Access Network, the prospect is excellent for additional
cellular carriers to take advantage of the fiber system and greatly improve
their coverage along with voice and data services." '

Marshall serves on the board of the National Rural Telecommunications
Cooperative (NRTC), a service cooperative serving 1,200 electric cooperative and
telephone cooperative members.

Elected by his peers to the NRTC board, he attended the 2011 Consumer
Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas. "The CES is a fascinating event. The newest
technologies are on display. Some of the products are just concepts that go
nowhere. Other products are the wave of the future. One of the key trends I
witnessed was an assumption that the entire consumer electronics industry will
rely on high speed Internet access to function. The industry assumption is that
everyone will have a 10-MB-per-second connection. Any area that doesn't have
those speeds will lose out.

"If we want to reverse the loss of jobs in our rural area, we need to make sure
we are not left behind. That's been our mission as an electric utility starting
in 1937 and it's our mission now."

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHE

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2011 Chester Progressive


                              627 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 10, 2015

Federated Telephone receives broadband development grant

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 727  words


Federated Telephone, who has received national recognition for their sustained
excellence in service delivery and business transformation due to their
Fiber-to-the-Premise deployments with an infrastructure that essentially knows
no limits, has been awarded a Border-to-Border Broadband Development Grant from
the State of Minnesota.

With a goal of ensuring homes, schools, hospitals and businesses in the State of
Minnesota have access to the technology and information resources they need, the
Office of Broadband Development was tasked with overseeing and establishing the
$20 Million Border-to-Border Grant Program.

Through this program, Federated Telephone will receive up to $3.9 Million in
grant dollars, and will provide a minimum 51 percent match in funding to build
out underserved areas of Big Stone County. Federated will be working with Big
Stone County to secure the funding for the match. Big Stone County has worked
together with Federated to make it possible for Federated to apply and receive
the State Grant.

Construction of the new Fiber-to-the-Premise network will begin in the fall of
2015 for most areas of Big Stone County. Underserved areas are defined as those
areas who do not have access to a wireline Internet connection of 4 Mbps
download and 1 Mbps upload. Areas within Big Stone County that have been
identified as sufficiently served and do not qualify for construction funding
under the terms of the Border-to-Border Grant are Clinton, Grace ville and
Ortonville communities. This project will add 341 square miles to Federated's
service territory which will grow the total square miles served to 1,417.

Federated Telephone's fiber construction began in 1997 when they were chosen to
conduct an RUS field trial to test the use of fiber optics for deploying
telephone, Internet and Cable TV services. While the initial trial was a
failure, the replacement equipment worked and, the cooperative has self-funded
fiber projects since 2000. In 2009, Federated Telephone became the first rural
telecommunications cooperative in America to complete a 100 percent
Fiber-to-the-Premise network to their members!

Consumers are familiar with: ie terms "cable modem" and "digital subscriber"
line" (DSL); but the highest quality and fastest connection is provided with
Fiber-to-the-Premise technology. Federated Telephone has invested in the
communities they serve and has constructed a complete fiber network for their
members. Readers who are familiar with telecommunication services may be
wondering if they are reading this correctly - that residents in rural west
central Minnesota have access to this superior technology. The answer is yes!
Federated Telephone members have a technology that is second to none.

Nationwide, telecommunication consumers are demanding higher speed access to the
Internet. However, the download speed isn't the only exciting part of having a
fiber Internet connection, upload speeds are a very important part of Internet
usage as well. Upload speeds are the speeds at which you can upload information
to the Internet. If you use Skype, Facetime, online gaming, picture sharing or
online computer back up sites then upload speeds are a key part of your Internet
experience. When residents bundle their phone and Internet with Federated
Telephone, they receive 20M symmetrical fiber fast Internet services.

Federated Telephone's goal is to provide their members with an outstanding
service experience while leading them through the evolution of technology.
"Telecommunication Industry experts regard Federated Telephone as being a leader
in Fiber-to-the-Premise technology", said Kevin Beyer, General Manager of
Federated Telephone Cooperative. Beyer continued "And now Federated Telephone
will expand our service territory to our friends and neighbors in Big Stone
County with a fiber to the premise network that provides the highest level of
communication services available".

Federated will hold Open House informational meetings in March which will allow
residents and business owners in Big Stone County an opportunity to learn more
about this project and how they can benefit from the new fiber network. Property
owners are also encouraged to attend to ask questions about the construction
process. Watch your local paper or listen to your local radio stations for more
details about the informational meetings.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2015 The Ortonville Independent


                              628 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 11, 2010

Tribe awarded grant to repair 10 homes

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 268  words


USDA Rural Development Office announced that a Housing Preservation Grants (HPG)
of $50 000 has been awarded to the Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians in
Bel-court.

The grant is designated to repair ten homes on the Turtle Mountain Reservation
and surrounding area in Rolette County.

; USDA Rural Development's Housing Preservation Grants are often combined with
state and local funds to provide as much funding to help as many homeowners as
possible. The Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians grant for $50 000 from
Rural Development will be leveraged by a Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) for $241, 000 from the N.D. Dept of Commerce, along with a grant for $74
000 from the Housing Improvement Program (HIP) program in Bel-court.

Housing Preservation Grants are provided to intermediaries such as town or
county governments, public agencies, federally recognized Indian Tribes, and
non-profit and faith-based organizations.

The grants are then distributed from intermediaries to homeowners or owners of
multi-family rental properties or cooperative dwellings who rent to low and
very-low-income residents.

The grants may be used to make general repairs such as installing or improving
plumbing or providing or enhancing access to people with disabilities. Funds can
also be used to weatherize and make homes more energy-efficient.

Funding of each recipient is contingent upon their meeting the conditions of the
grant agreement.

| Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site
attp://www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Turtle Mountain Star


                              629 of 998 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 27, 2009 Thursday

Calhoun development loan in limbo due to wetlands rules

BYLINE: Tucker Lyon, The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1141 words


Aug. 27--ST. MATTHEWS, S.C. -- Federal wetlands regulations have put Calhoun
County Council's plans to apply for a $938,000, interest-free federal grant/loan
to build a spec building in the Industrial Park in limbo.

County Administrator Lee Prickett explained Monday that the Rural Development
loan called for no payments for a two-year period, with the principal to be paid
back in eight years. The idea is that once the spec building is constructed, it
will be sold and the money used to pay off the loan.

The problem is that Rural Development has asked the county to amend its
restrictive covenants to say that no direct or indirect impact on area wetlands
would be allowed, Prickett said.

That would create a chill on development, he said. But if council doesn't modify
the policy, there's a good chance construction of the spec building would fall
through.

"My concern is, if we do this, we'll take away our ability to market the park in
the future," Prickett said.

As recommended by the administrator, council passed a motion Monday "not to
amend our restrictions."

"Where'd you get those people from?" asked Council Chairman David Summers.

"Washington, D.C.," and Aiken, said Chad Lowder, manager of member services for
Tri-County, who will present council's position to federal authorities.
Tri-County Electric Co-operative applied for the money for the building.

"We'll see if it works," Lowder said. "If not, we still have a viable park ready
for people to come in."

Council's efforts to construct a building to attract industry were in jeopardy
back in February, when its application for a Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture was submitted and then withdrawn.

After an apparent breakdown in communications within the federal bureaucracy,
the county was awarded the $948,000 for the project. Council then agreed to
proceed.

The Rural Development loan was just one of several problems with federal and
state government addressed by council.

Public Works Director Woody Rucker reported the department recently gave the
county a first-time payment of $6,000 to use the landfill for one year. S.C. DOT
has already used three times that allotment during the month of July.

"I don't want to use the life of the landfill up with the DOT," Rucker said.

Prickett suggested council consider some type limit for S.C. DOT.

In other business, council gave second reading to an ordinance raising the
tipping fees at the landfill. Orangeburg County charges around $41 a ton, while
Calhoun County had been charging $29 a ton, one of the lowest rates in the
state. Individual residents get four tons free.

The administrator said he'll look at rates in other counties before giving a
final recommendation before the public hearing and third reading.

In other business, council: -- After hearing from an attorney with Haynsworth
Sinkler Boyd, agreed to the transfer of some $20 million in equipment back to
Columbia Energy, along with the required $378,000 catch-up payment required to
adjust the fee-in-lieu-of-taxes the industry pays. However, council voted to
require the catch-up payment be made at the time of transfer, not in January as
the attorney requested.

Council also received a legal briefing on the Columbia Energy issue in closed,
executive session.

-- Received as information, a report from Dr. Bert Gue that the free medical
clinic serving Orangeburg and Calhoun counties is open and seeing patients. The
non-profit facility in Orangeburg sees local patients who have no health
insurance and who can provide proof of income. Staffed by volunteers, the clinic
is open afternoons on Tuesdays and Wednesdays. Funding is from grants, gifts and
other sources, Gue said.

-- Referred to discussion in closed, executive session, the request for input on
proposed fees by the Fort Motte Community Center Commission.

Chairwoman Melanie Pedings, along with the two other commission members,
reported that a $50 refundable fee is proposed to provide clean-up
accountability. A $200 fee -- considered too high by some area residents -- is
proposed for private use of the facility, such as weddings.

As others addressed the issue of community center use and some $724 in unused
funds, council reiterated that all business should come through the commission,
which was appointed to represent council.

The community center, which is owned by the county, is a new concept and will
require time for "the kinks to be worked out," said Councilman James Haigler.

"It's a legal matter and we should discuss it in executive session," said
Prickett, who also serves as the county attorney. "We've got to have
accountability. We'll take it up and get back to you."

-- Approved an $858, one-time request from Leroy Hampton for baseball equipment
for a community in the Stumphole area.

-- Approved the proposed $400,000 budget for the Calhoun County Law Enforcement
Center project that calls for the renovation of the old Disabilities and Special
Needs building.

-- Referred to the Public Service and County Planning Committee, the request to
begin maintenance on Dreher Hollow Lane.

-- Approved the Sandy Run Fire District's $85,250 budget for the 2009-2010
fiscal year.

-- Gave first reading to an ordinance to add a 33-acre Lexington County
property, Harsco, into the joint Calhoun-Lexington Multi-County Industrial Park.

Under the state multi-county industrial park incentive, Calhoun County will
receive 1 percent of fees, while Lexington County will get job credits.

-- Agreed to a $6,772.80 increase in the contract with Palmetto Pro-Clean, to
reflect the increase in the minimum wage.

-- Received as information, a proposal to contract with the school district for
county deputies to perform security at school functions.

-- Received as information, a report from David Stack, an employee of Hay Hill
Services, that is doing landscape work around the new library. A change order
will be needed to accommodate drainage on the project.

-- Received as information, a report from Shayla Jenkins, that the kick-off for
the Orangeburg-Calhoun transportation system is set for Sept. 16, at 4 p.m. at
the Department of Social Services building in Orangeburg.

-- In closed, executive session, discussed a personnel matter concerning public
works and a contractual matter about the purchase of land for recreation.

T&D Government Writer Tucker Lyon can be reached at tlyon@timesanddemocrat.com
or by calling 803-533-5545.

To see more of The Times and Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.timesanddemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Times and Democrat,
Orangeburg, S.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090827-GG-DEVELOPMENT-20090827

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2009 The Times and Democrat


                              630 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              July 14, 2003 Monday
                                  City Edition

Farm bill in need of a fix

BYLINE: CHUCK HASSEBROOK, For the Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 651 words


The most valuable and forward-looking provisions of the 2002 farm bill would be
killed by the spending bill just approved by the farm state members of the U.S.
House of Representatives Appropriations Committee.

They were killed in order to keep the money flowing to the most
counterproductive expenditure in all of farm policy -big payments to mega farms
to subsidize them to drive small and mid-size farms out of business by bidding
away land.

Agricultural appropriators voted to slash the new funding in the farm bill for
rural development by 99 percent, agricultural research by 98 percent, renewable
energy by 31percent and conservation by 17 percent. They eliminate funding for
on-farm renewable energy grants including ethanol, broadband access for rural
areas and value-added producer grants.

The value-added grants to producers are for developing new markets, products and
cooperatives to strengthen family farms and ranches and increase their share of
the profit in the food system. In Nebraska, it has helped farmers and ranchers
organize a cooperative to sell hormone-free beef in the European Union at a
premium price and develop premium niche markets in Mexico for grain.

Committee members also voted to block implementation of the new Conservation
Security Program, which takes a positive approach to environmental protection by
paying farmers and ranchers to protect the land and water. And they prohibit the
USDA from implementing country-of-origin labeling for meat, effectively killing
an initiative to help U.S. farmers sell their products and U.S. consumers make
informed purchases.

But the farm state members of the committee were not being frugal. On the
contrary, they were cutting valuable programs to avoid cutting the most
indefensible element of federal farm policy - multimillion dollar farm program
payments to the nation's largest farms and wealthiest landowners.

Committee members ignored a common sense solution that makes farm programs work
better and saves $2.5 billion over the next decade - the bipartisan proposal
offered by Senators Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) and Byron Dorgan (D-N.D.) to cap
payments at $250,000. It's the single most effective action Congress could take
to strengthen family farms.

Uncapped payments undermine family farms and the communities that depend on them
- directly counter to the publicly stated intent of farm programs. And they gut
the effectiveness of farm programs in raising farmers' incomes. As long as big
farms can get more federal money every time they add land to their operation,
federal payments will be bid into higher land rents and captured by landlords
rather than farm operators.

It's no one wonder that a 27-state poll of farmers found 81 percent want farm
income support payments better targeted to small and mid-size farms. But their
representatives on the House Appropriations Committee were listening to someone
else. They placed a higher priority on pandering to the rich and powerful than
on offering a future to family farmers and ranchers and their communities.

There is some good news. Farm state members of the U.S. Senate have the
opportunity to fix the House bill when they return to Washington July 15. If
they choose to act in the interest of all of agriculture, they will end
counterproductive mega-farm subsidies. And they will save the most promising new
features of federal farm policy, such as the conservation security program and
the value-added producer Grants Program.

Simply stated, those program reward conservation and support entrepreneurial
initiatives by family farmers and ranchers to earn an income from the
marketplace and compete in the 21st century. They are exactly the kind of
programs our rural representatives in Washington should be supporting, not
mega-payments to subsidize mega-farms to drive their neighbors out of business.

Chuck Hassebrook is Executive Director of the Center for Rural Affairs.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The New Nation (Bangladesh)

                              May 7, 2011 Saturday

Tk 5,927cr project to save 51 lakh families

LENGTH: 584 words

DATELINE: Dhaka


Dhaka, May 7 -- The government will launch a huge project worth Taka 5927 crore
to develop a small saving scheme for 51 lakh rural poor families by forming
village organizations in 85 thousands villages mainly to rescue marginal
populace from micro credit net. The initiatives has been taken under the present
government's one of the visionary projects 'One House, One Farm' to create a
saving habit among the rural poor as they could build their own capital for
uplifting them from poverty instead of stepping into micro credit trap. "We have
planned to provide grants to the poor people involving them in various
agro-based income generating projects with proper training under cooperatives to
make them self- reliant," project director of 'One house, one farm' Prasanta
Kumar Roy told BSS on Friday. He said various non-government organizations have
been providing micro credit with high interest rate at the rural areas of the
country in last 40 years, but the fate of the marginal people have not changed.

He said the intrinsic objective of the project is to reduce national poverty up
to 20 percent from 40 percent by 2015 making each household a sustainable income
generating unit through maximum utilization of human and economic resources.
Under the project, he said 85,000 village organizations would be formed
comprising 60 to 100 members in each organisation-a member to be included from
one household. Among the members, 60 most poor members will get government's
saving grants which would ultimately benefit more than 2.5 crore people of 51
lakh poor families across the country. Roy said the project would bring a
revolution in the rural economy, as no project ever cover such huge number of
rural poor and ultra poor. The government will provide maximum Taka 200 to a
poor family as a saving grant per month till five years against their deposit of
similar amount of money per month under cooperatives. The original saving of a
poor member of respective cooperatives will stand at Taka 2,400 at the end of
the year, but each recipient will get Taka 4,800, as the government will
contribute the equal amount of Taka 2400 as saving grants. "In this way, savings
of a poor family will stand at Taka 10,000 in two years including interest of
their saving," he said. Apart from this the government will provide 50 percent
or maximum of Taka 3,00,000 to each village organization against their savings
in two years. Besides, five people of each village organization will get
training on various income-generating activities on agriculture and livestock.
The trained members of the organization can teach other to become self-reliant
by their own capital, Roy said. "We will be able to create 4,25,000 trained
rural people across the country after the training priogramme," Roy said. The
members of the organization can take loan individually or in group project wise.
"The lender should not pay back the loan as installment, he or she will repay
the loan after completion of his income-generating project," the Project
director said. The local government division has already sent a proposal to the
planning ministry seeking Taka 5,927 to run the project for next two years.
However, the implementation of the project is being delayed as the proposal is
awaiting at the planning ministry's nod. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from The New Nation. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The New Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                            May 12, 1999, Wednesday

Southeast Brunswick sewer sale illegal, feds say

BYLINE: CECE VON KOLNITZ, Staff Writer

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 510 words


Though district commissioners voted to sell their Southeast Brunswick Sanitary
District to an electric cooperative, a representative from the U.S. Department
of Agriculture said Monday that state law bars the deal.

A subsidiary of Brunswick Electric Membership Corp. offered to buy the sanitary
district, a sewage treatment plant and collection system serving an
unincorporated area between Long Beach and Southport.

In a 3-2 vote last week, the district's Board of Commissioners decided to "bring
the attorneys together and let them (Brunswick Electric) buy it," Commissioner
Ginger Harper said.

But during a meeting Monday, a USDA representative said the board can't sell the
district's property privately as planned. The Brunswick electrical cooperative
is the only bidder for the sanitary district.

"Based on our review of the North Carolina general statutes, it did not appear
that they could do that," said Ronnie Pope, rural development specialist with
the USDA's Rural Development agency. "We advised them to seek legal advice on
that."

According to state laws that govern the sanitary district, it can't, with
certain exceptions, be sold through private negotiation and sale. It could be
lawfully sold through a bidding process, a public auction or an exchange,
according to the laws.

Commissioner James Smith, who voted for the sale, said because grants and a loan
from the agency funded the district's $ 11 million sewage treatment plant, Rural
Development has the final say in any kind of sale.

About two-thirds of the district's 2,500 residents are Brunswick Electric
members, according to the company.

In a letter to District Chairman Gene Formy-Duval, Rural Consumer Services
Corp., a subsidiary of Brunswick Electric, offered to buy the district by
assuming its debt in conjunction with the sewage treatment plant and collection
system.

Judy Gore, customer service manager at Brunswick Electric, said she's unsure
what the electric cooperative's next action will be after hearing Rural
Development's opinion. "No further action is planned at this time that I'm aware
of," she said.

The sanitary district's board members who support selling the system argue
Brunswick Electric, as an operating utility, could better manage the sewer
system.

Ms. Harper voted against the sale. She said she doesn't want to sell the system,
and she thinks the county should take control of it.

Conflicts between commissioners over how the district should be managed have
split the board, with Mr. Formy-Duval and Ms. Harper voting one way and
Commissioners Charles Welling and Lucille Laster and Mr. Smith voting another
for several decisions.

Ms. Harper said if the sanitary district isn't sold, the district could get
somebody else to operate and maintain the system, but now the board should look
for a manager. Ms. Harper said she hopes the board will agree to hire a manager.

"The five of us will hopefully work together in choosing someone who could
manage the district," she said. "I think that's what our goal is now."

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                              633 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Portola Reporter (California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 27, 2011

Electric co-op brings new Internet possibilities to area

BYLINE: The Portola Reporter staff

LENGTH: 1323  words


A $13.7 million federal grant and another $1.7 million from the state of
California will finance new telecommunications infrastructure in Plumas, Sierra
and Lassen counties -- infrastructure that will bring rural areas into sync with
more populated areas.

The grants were awarded to Plumas-Sierra Rural Electric Cooperative (PSREC), a
Portola-based electric cooperative with a long history of working to improve the
quality of life in the community.

Bob Marshall, PSREC's general manager, said, "Reliable and fast Internet is now
vital for the health of any community. Speeds that were great three years ago
are now inadequate. Service interruptions are frustrating as people are trying
to work from home, trying to expand their businesses. We are hearing from
numerous hotel/motels and RV parks that a lack oi low-cost, high-speed Internet
is costing them business. People are fishing and hiking all day and wanting to
watch Netflix on their computers in the evening. We are hearing that homes
without broadband sell for less than homes with broadband. It reminds us of the
need for power in the '30s and '40s."

PSREC's latest major pro ject is an effort to greatly im prove the telecommunica
tions backbone for northeast ern California, specifically central and eastern
Plumas County, eastern Sierra Coun ty and central and southern Lassen County.
The federal grant will fund the construe tion of a fiber network in this region,
owned by the Plumas Sierra Telecommunications (PST) division of PSREC.

The driver of the project is to improve the affordabilitj and availability of
broadband to the local region. Local incumbent telephone companies will also
benefit from the new fiber network and the additional capacity it will bring to
the area.

Prior to applying for grant funding, a local broadband consortium comprised of
hospitals, colleges, school districts, local government and economic development
entities met with Plumas-Sierra. The group identified challenges related to the
lack of bandwidth and its high cost in the area.

Economic groups and Realtors shared their frustration with lack of broadband and
the effect on real estate sales and in attracting businesses to the area.

Lori Rice, chief operating officer for PSREC's Telecommunications Division,
said, "This was an impressive collaborative effort. Widespread support was
required to get the grant and the data collected was extremely helpful for the
grant application."

The PST Fiber Project is a CCI (Critical Community Infrastructure) ARRA Grant.
The purpose of these projects is to bring broadband services to rural
communities that lack the broadband infrastructure seen in large cities and
urban areas and to repair the communication deficiency that weakens small
communities and adversely affects progress, jobs and the local economy.

This project will build a network with access to wholesale broadband, thus
significantly lowering the cost and increasing the availability. The network
will have interconnection points with existing carriers and providers of
Internet service.

Furthermore, the capacity of the network will support all foreseeable future
needs of the area and provides an opportunity to attract technology-based
businesses to the area.

Two critical components of the grant are noteworthy. First is the intent to
connect critical anchor tenants and safety services, such as next generation 911
services for the region.

Second is the "open access" nature of this network, which provides for leasing
and selling capacity to any and all providers who want to sell their products or
services over the network. This levels the playing field for all service
providers to compete and gives the consumer better choices with more capacity at
lower prices.

Plumas-Sierra currently offers ISP services through its telecommunications
subsidiary and knows only too well the frustration of acquiring enough bandwidth
to keep up with the consumer demand. Internet offerings and activities continue
to require more and more bandwidth to perform.

Local ISPs offer good value, but battle to expand their services and increase
available bandwidth due to the current constraints. Creative use of microwave
and other house-to-house type systems have helped to make services available but
they struggle with sustainability and growth.

The project is a three-year process with a federally defined start date of
August 2010 (grant awarded) to July 31, 2013, at which time the project must be
100 percent complete. Plumas-Sierra is currently working through the federal and
state environmental permitting stage and acquiring the required permits and
easements.

The award conditions require that all permitting, including environmental, be
100 percent complete before construction may begin. Plumas-Sierra is hoping to
break ground later this year.

The network begins in Reno, where wholesale bandwidth is currently available,
and will head north to Hallelujah Junction. From Hallelujah Junction a western
leg will head to Quincy, and a northern leg will reach to Su-sanville with a
spur going to Herlong.

A spur of the system will also go to Loyalton. In Portola, the system's main
line will be on the north side of town, but a spur will run across the river and
reach City Hall and Eastern Plumas Health Care. Another spur will run to PSREC's
Graeagle substation.

The main line runs all the way through Quincy and gets out as far as both Plumas
District Hospital and Feather River College.

A map of the fiber project and project upaates can be found on Plumas-Sierra's
website at the following address: psrec.coop/fiber_project.php.

What about Sierraville, Whitehawk, Meadow Valley, Chester, Westwood, etc.? When
will the project serve them?

One of the most common questions PSREC receives is about expansion of the system
to more towns. Marshall responded, "The grant was to get to 'critical anchor
institutions' including schools, hospitals, public safety, Indian reservations,
cities, the state and federal prisons and the Army base in Herlong. We also had
to focus where we had electrical poles already in the ground so that we could
get through the environmental process.

"This doesn't mean that nearby communities won't also benefit. It is so much
easier to improve Internet access if a fiber system is nearby. Microwave and
wireless systems can reach into adjoining communities and the reliability is
excellent if most of the system is fiber based. Our other subsidiary,
Plumas-Sierra Wireless, will be working with communities and businesses to
expand the system past the grant footprint."

One of the things that the PSREC staff stress is that it is not a
fiber-to-the-home system. The grant was to improve the backbone
telecommunications system and then PSREC's other subsidiary as well as its
competitors can expand their local offerings.

Rice said, "As an Open Access Network, the prospect is excellent for additional
cellular carriers to take advantage of the fiber system and greatly improve
their coverage along with voice and data services."

Marshall serves on the board of the National Rural Telecommunications
Cooperative (NRTC), a service cooperative serving 1,200 electric cooperative and
telephone cooperative members.

Elected by his peers to the NRTC board, he attended the 2011 Consumer
Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas. "The CES is a fascinating event. The newest
technologies are on display. Some of the products are just concepts that go
nowhere. Other products are the wave of the future. One of the key trends I
witnessed was an assumption that the entire consumer electronics industry will
rely on high speed Internet access to function. The industry assumption is that
everyone will have a 10-MB-per-second connection. Any area that doesn't have
those speeds will lose out.

"If we want to reverse the loss of jobs in our rural area, we need to make sure
we are not left behind. That's been our mission as an electric utility starting
in 1937 and it's our mission now."

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: POR

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2011 Portola Reporter


                              634 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 15, 2011 Thursday

Broadband capabilities to be improved throughout county

BYLINE: Matthew Bieniek, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 545 words


Dec. 15--CUMBERLAND -- Increased broadband access and speed should be available
in the near future in Allegany County because the Maryland Broadband Cooperative
and the county are planning a partnership to make space available for the
cooperative to place its electronic systems in the county. That will allow
internet service providers to offer service upgrades in the region.

That announcement came at the regular Allegany County Commission business
meeting Thursday evening.

The county plans to offer space to the cooperative in a county building for the
electronics needed to expand the fiber network and offer higher speeds.

While no specific timetable was offered, W. Patrick Mitchell, the president and
CEO of the cooperative, said the company plans to move forward quickly once an
agreement with the county is reached, which should occur in about a month, he
said.

"We've grown tremendously -- we're up to 10 employees and debt free. We've built
fiber up through the Eastern Shore. We're now working up to Western Maryland,"
Mitchell said.

The cooperative now has 71 members and 39 of them are internet service
providers, Mitchell said. "We're going to bring crews in as soon as we can," he
said.

"I think that's what we've been waiting on and what the public has been waiting
on," said Commission President Michael McKay.

Matthew Diaz, Allegany County's Director of Economic Development, is a member of
the cooperatives board of directors.

"In my time as a member of the cooperative's board of directors, I have been
delighted with the progress the cooperative has made in advancing broadband
availability to rural Maryland.

"This partnership with Allegany County will strengthen the cooperative's
presence not only in Allegany County but throughout Western Maryland," Diaz
said.

"This is the only project that will touch every jurisdiction in the state," said
Tyler Patton, the cooperative's vice president for public affairs.

The electronics the cooperative is bringing in will include a generator and a
backup generator. "We can run voice, data and analog, it doesn't matter," he
said. "The capacity levels are absolutely incredible," Mitchell said.

The county will join the cooperative's agreement with the state, which received
a $115 million federal stimulus grant for broadband availability, county
officials said.

"Having a fiber optic network here will significantly advance our attractiveness
to new enterprises and the associated employment opportunities," McKay said.

The Maryland Broadband Cooperative is a member-owned and operated universal
access, fiber optic network designed to deliver an advanced, world-class
broadband network across the rural communities of Eastern, Southern and Western
Maryland, fostering economic development and supported by its members, according
to a county press release.

The cooperative receives funding to build the infrastructure through the
Maryland Rural Broadband Coordination Board, which was formed under Senate Bill
753.

For more information about the Maryland Broadband Cooperative, visit:
http://www. mdbc.us/

Contact Matthew Bieniek at mbieniek@times-news.com

___ (c)2011 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111215-UM-Broadband-capabilities-to-be-improved-throughout-county-1215-2011121
5

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2011 Cumberland Times-News


                              635 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Burke Gazette (South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 9, 2011

USDA To Change With The Times

BYLINE: The Burke Gazette staff

LENGTH: 849  words


People in South Dakota are a savvy bunch. But, in the midst of the current
economic situation, many are left wondering about what the national priorities
and South Dakota's should be. There are so many competing messages -If we don't
do this or we do that there will be dire consequences... but what can we do to
promote economic growth and create jobs?

We know that these are hard economic times and our federal debt must be reduced.
And we know that the federal budget is undergoing a lot of scrutiny and there
are never-ending arguments and a lot of pressure to downsize and cut the budgets
of federal agencies.

USDA is under the same pressure and, at the same time, President Obama wants his
leadership in every agency to prioritize - focus on programs that can enhance
job creation. For USDA Rural Development that is a tough task.

Do we cut our Business and Cooperative Programs which include our Business and
Industry loan guarantees or Rural Development's other business programs?
Certainly not! These programs directly support business creation and expansion -
in South Dakota we funded over $amp;15 million - over 67 total loans or grants -
created or saved nearly 1,000 jobs.

Well, then what about our Water and Waste Water Environmental programs? We all
know that without adequate infrastructure, none of our rural communities would
be viable - let alone thrive. In South Dakota, Rural Development funded over
$amp;43 million for water and waste water improvements/expansions which helped
serve over 12,500 rural users.

How about our Community Facilities programs? These finance fire stations and
fire trucks; they help to build hospitals and nursing homes, school, etc. We
funded projects totaling nearly $amp;22.5 million in 19 rural communities last
year - much needed projects in any South Dakota community.

What about our broadband programs? We can't cut this because for a rural town or
rural people this has become a life line to everything, especially to markets
for products. Rural Development invested $amp;109 million in South Dakota. And
don't forget that we finance the rural electric cooperatives to expand and
improve our electric systems. Also, included in this program are our Distance
Learning arid Telemedicine grants which Avera Health has successfully utilized
to help communities such as Flandreau, Tyndall, and Platte allow rural people
access to the best health care available through eEmergency, ePharmacy, and
elCU, as well as other services. But, this is not about health care -this is
about economic development. This allows people to stay in their communities
close to families and friends, keeps the health care jobs in the local
communities, which those employees then purchase goods and services at home.

So, back to figuring out what RD's priorities should be - That leaves our
housing programs potentially on the chopping block -on the face of it - building
a house does not create many jobs or have much of an economic impact. But that
was not what we heard at a recent White House Business Roundtable that was held
in August in Howard, SD where there were many business and economic development
leaders - a good two-thirds said that housing, or lack of, was the most critical
obstacle to their community's growth. This was not first time I had heard this
from community leaders - in fact many communities are taking steps to build
houses without first having a buyer, banks are taking the initiative in some
communities. USDA/Rural development is only one of many federal agencies that
are trying to reduce its budget. States are also faced with trimming budgets of
important agencies. Of course, education is one area that seems to be first to
be identified for cuts - not seen as essential to economic development. In my
view and that of many others, investment in our youth is as important as
investing in our communities. President Obama's has laid out some of the
challenges America faces as we compete with nations across the globe to win the
future. The President's vision is simple. We need to be a nation that
out-innovates, outeducates and out-builds the rest of the world.

Although they can go unnoticed, USDA Rural Development programs are providing
support that may otherwise be unavailable--but is absolutely necessary for
communities to grow and thrive. Creating vibrant, economically sustainable
communities is like solving a jigsaw puzzle. Success depends on interlocking
pieces supplied by local residents, leaders, businesses and institutions. And
where gaps exist, USDA programs can be an important tool to provide linkage and
fill the gaps to make the picture complete. USDA is proud to invest in our small
towns, to help create jobs, support economic growth and build thriving
communities where folks want to live, work, raise their families.

For information about USDA Rural Development housing, business or community
development programs, please contact any one of the USDA Rural Development
offices located in Aberdeen, Mitchell, Pierre, Rapid City, Sioux Falls,
Watertovvn and Yankton or visit our web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov/sd

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BUR

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2011 The Burke Gazette


                              636 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            December 19, 1997 Friday

LENGTH: 624 words


More choice in country than town DENNIS HILL, Bismarck I'm writing to compete a
story that was started in a Dec. 1 Associated Press article about electric
deregulation and the impacts it could have on the state's Territorial Integrity
Act. The article read: ""State law requires investor-owned utilities, such as
Otter Tail and Northern States Power, to ask permission to serve rural
customers, which gives the local electric cooperative a chance to object.
Cooperatives have no such restrictions.

Rural customers also have no right to pick which utility will supply their
power.'' Upon reading this, one might think rural residents are second-class
citizens, compared to urban residents. The rest of the story is, urban consumers
have even less right to choose electric suppliers than do rural residents.
Here's why. In most cases, cities grant investor-owned utilities (IOUs)
franchises to serve in that municipality. If you live within that territory, you
cannot request service from another IOU or from an REC.Byline: contrast, if you
create the need for a new electric service in a rural area, you have the right
to request service from an IOU that serves in, or near, that rural area. If a
customer requests an IOU to build the line extension and provide the service,
the Public Service Commission (PSC) is asked to provide a certificate of public
convenience and necessity to the IOU to build the extension. If the REC objects,
however, the PSC will review the case and decide which utility is
best-positioned to build the line, based on several factors.In this way, the act
does what it is intended to -- ensure the orderly development of electric lines
and facilities in rural areas. Therefore, we believe this law works well. The
IOUs do not complain that city franchises and other laws govern the orderly
development of electric infrastructure in territories they serve. They would not
want other utilities building duplicate facilities in town, any more than RECs
want to see other utilities build duplicate facilities in rural areas. The
Legislature should be commended for adopting policies that govern the orderly
development of electric facilities all across the state. The Territorial
Integrity Act is that law for rural areas, while franchises and other state laws
govern orderly development in other areas. All work well, while balancing as
best they can the needs of the consumer. (The writer is executive vice president
and general manager of the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric
Cooperatives. -- Editor)

For the taking STEVEN MOEN, Beulah Has this Christmas season been hectic and
rushed? Have you been caught up in the flurry of office parties, hurry-up
shopping, fighting crowds at the mall, standing in line to see Santa Claus,
trying to get the perfect meal planned for Christmas Day, and then to kick back
and watch some football? Time out! It's time to reflect on the real reason for
the season, and it's not a jolly old fat man and a bunch of elves. About 2,000
years ago, God gave mankind the greatest gift ever, his son, Jesus Christ. He
came to Earth, walked with us, talked with us, taught us, and then, in the
ultimate sacrifice, he died for us. He did this as a gift for all mankind. John
3:16: ""For God so loved the world, he gave his only begotten son, that whoever
believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.'' What a gift! You
can't earn it, you can't work for it, you can't buy it -- it's a gift. All you
have to do is accept it. Jesus said, ""I am the way, the truth and the life; no
one comes to the Father except through me'' (John 14:6). Here you have it,
Christmas in a nutshell: Accept God's gift and have life, or reject him and die.
The choice is yours. Merry Christmas.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1997 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 16, 2017

                                  Hawkeye REC

                             24049 State Highway 9
                                  Cresco 52136
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Announces Funding To Reduce Energy Costs For Rural Small Businesses

   Nov 09, 2011

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is funding projects to harness
wind, solar, geothermal and hydroelectric power to reduce energy costs for farms
and small business across rural America.One of the projects announced will
assist Hawkeye Tri-County Electric Cooperative in Cresco, Iowa, to install a
geothermal heating and cooling system in its headquarters building. Coon Valley
Turkeys, LLC, in Lake View, Iowa, is receiving funding to install a wind turbine
to offset the cost of electricity. Gary Larson of Underwood, Iowa, will receive
assistance to install a geothermal heating and cooling system in a shop that
services his farming operations.Below is a complete list of funding recipients
announced: Alaska Sea Lion Corp.- $50,000 grant wind project Colorado Avalanche
Ranch- $300,000 grant geothermal generation Connecticut Putnam Green Power-
$275,000 grant hydro electric Iowa Blake Organic Farms- $5,230 grant Feed Mill
energy project CPU Property Management- $12,667 grant geothermal Don Johnston
Construction- $15,937 grant wind generation E-4 Sons Company- $7,171 grant
geothermal Energique, Inc- $20,000 grant geothermal Heritage Wood Products-
$15,610 grant geothermal John Oliver- $18,065 grant wind Kevin Eisenman- $11,849
grant geothermal MJF Roadhouse- $7,607 grant geothermal Rick Ryan- $15,849 grant
geothermal Coon Valley Turkeys- $50,000 grant wind Dennis Smith, Inc.- $29,694
grant, $59,388 loan, geothermal Gary Larson- $49,727 grant geothermal Hawkeye
Tri-County Electric Cooperative- $50,000 grant geothermal Thomas Rabel- $39,949
grant wind-solar Thorsen Brothers, Inc.- $39,703 grant wind Crystal 28 LLP-
$36,750 grant wind Kansas Cornwell Farms- $14,262 grant geothermal BCP
Centerwind- $50,000 grant wind BCP Eastwind- $50,000 grant wind BCP Westwind-
$50,000 grant wind Pestinger Beverage Co.- $19,750 grant wind Maryland Iager
Brothers- $78,800 grant dolar electric Massachusetts Mill Valley Associates-
$89,636 grant solar electric Michigan Brad Hagen- $17,002 grant geothermal Jade-
$20,000 grant solar, geothermal Reinbold Organic Farms- $20,000 grant geothermal
Meadowridge Inc.- $46,377 grant greenhouse efficiency Lonnie Irion- $35,724
grant solar, geothermal William Ankley- $30,000 grant solar electric Minnesota
Byron Klaassen- $9,260 grant geothermal Federated Rural Electric- $12,165 grant
geothermal Gary Carlson- $9,767 grant geothermal Hammer Ag Sales- $6,565 grant
geothermal James Behrends- $11,526 grant geothermal Jared Ahlers- $6,500 grant
geothermal Jonathan Wenzel- $10,085 grant geothermal Nobles Cooperative
Electric- $14,880 grant geothermal Thomas Olsem- $6,332 grant geothermal Willis
Sandbulte- $4,956 grant geothermal Nebraska Michelle Huddle- $11,058 grant
geothermal Tekolste Enterprises- $19,750 grant wind New Jersey David Ackley-
$20,000 grant solar electric 9 Main St. LLC- $442,750 grant solar electric
Auburn Road Enterprises- $32,571 grant solar electric Blairwood Farms, Inc.-
$49,975 grant solar electric Harvery's Honey Inc.- $50,000 grant solar electric
Outnumbered Energy- $254,852 grant solar electric Provision Energy- $129,630
grant solar electric Provision Energy- $161,797 grant solar electric Waldac
Farm- $133,245 grant solar electric New York Micosta Enterprises- $19,860 grant
solar/geothermal North Carolina Mayberry Solar LLC- $4m loan solar Oregon EZ
Orchards- $123,413 grant solar electric EBD Hydro- $7.2m loan hydro electric
Utah BMB Enterprises- $500,000 grant hydro electric Vermont Green Mountain Env.-
$49,325 grant hydro Wisconsin Scenic View Organic Eggs- $31,057 grant solar
electric USDA funding is being provided through the Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP) and is contingent on the recipient meeting the conditions of the
grant or loan agreement. REAP grants can finance up to 25% of a project's cost,
up to $500,000 for renewable energy systems and $250,000 for energy efficiency
improvements.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017


                              638 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Herald Express (Torquay)

                             May 18, 2006 Thursday

Straight talking on the bender agenda

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 566 words


Members off a "permaculture" co-operative have declared they are determined to
fight on to carry on living in a mini-village of yurts and "benders" in the
heart of the South Devon countryside.

A total of 11 people, including a two year-old child, have been living in the
makeshift homes of canvas and tree branches for months on a 42-acre site the
co-operative of 16 people bought three years ago near the isolated hamlet of
Allaleigh between Dartmouth and Totnes.

Planners have rejected the Landmatters Co-operative's application to stay there
and nearby residents say they have got to go.

Next month, district councillors will be asked to take legal action to force the
group off the land.

Totnes MP Anthony Steen also wants lottery bosses to take back a £3,972 grant
awarded to the co-operative to establish a water supply for the site.

Spokesman for the co-operative Selena Merrett said the group were aiming to
appeal against the planning decision which bars them from living on the land.

The 34-year-old, who was living near Glastonbury before setting up home in a
"bender" with her daughter at the Allaleigh site, said: "We are going to
appeal."

She said she had no idea how much an appeal would cost but added: "We do have
some knowledgeable friends."

She also accused Mr Steen of "misrepresenting" what the co-operative is trying
to achieve.

"He has not met us. He has not been here. He has not found out what it is all
about," she said.

Meanwhile the residents of Allaleigh - a tiny hamlet of just nine homes accessed
by a single track road - have signed a petition claiming that if the
co-operative members are allowed to continuing living there it will set a
precedent which "will constitute a real threat to any rural area in the South
Hams".

At the moment 11 people live in the 10 benders on the site which also includes a
community bender.

Of the other members of the co-operative, four live in Brighton and two in
Totnes.

Some of the "homes" are equipped with solar panels for lighting.

The co-operative had applied for temporary planning permission for "low impact"
homes on the site as part of a permaculture operation which is designed around
sustainable land management and agricultural practices.

The planning application said it was planned eventually to keep goats, sheep,
chickens and horses.

Ms Merrett said: "We are determined to give ourselves the best chance to make it
work and show we are serious about what we say in our planning application."

Mr Steen stepped in after he was approached by local residents and he has
already written  to the head of the Big Lottery Fund in the South West demanding
to know what steps are going to be taken to recall the grant handed to the
co-operative.

Allaleigh resident Anne Booth said no-one had any worries about the co-operative
working on the land until last summer when people began living there.

"We are very against them building dwellings there. They want to build a new
hamlet. The lanes won't cope with doubling the size of Allaleigh.

"They are quite large structures and kitted out like houses inside with carpets
on the floor and furniture," she said.

Ms Merrett pointed out that since the co-operative bought the land it has hosted
13 courses, 40 volunteer days and more than 200 people have made use of the
resources provided by the group.

Work there has included relaying 264 metres of derelict hedge as well as the
planting of 500 trees.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Herald Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            October 30, 2012 Tuesday

P10-M rubber production project OK'd

BYLINE: Louie O. Pacardo

SECTION: Pg. S1/6

LENGTH: 329 words


KORONADAL - A P10-million rubber production project in the upland town of T'boli
in South Cotabato may now proceed after it was cleared by the Protected Areas
Management Board (PAMB) under the Department of Environment and Natural
Resources-Region 12 (DENR-12).

Eliseo B. Sotelo, chairman of the South Cotabato Rubber Based Farming
Multi-Purpose Cooperative, said he was informed last week the PAMB had approved
the project, which would cover 111 hectares in Sitio Basag in Salacafe, T'boli.

PAMB, a multisectoral body overseeing the administration and management of
protected areas, requires permits for projects within the 102,305-hectare Allah
Valley Protected Landscape. The Allah Valley area is covered under Republic Act
No. 7586 or the National Integrated Protected Areas System Act of 1992.

Mr. Sotelo's cooperative, with 84 members, has received a P6-million grant for
the project last June from the World Bank-funded Mindanao Rural Development
Program's Community Fund for Agricultural Development. The National Government
contributed P2 million while the provincial government also released P2 million
to the cooperative.

The cooperative, whose members belong to the T'boli tribe, will provide the land
- at least one hectare from each member - where the rubber trees will be
planted. PAMB has suggested the integration of indigenous trees apart from the
rubber trees to avoid mono-cropping, said Leonisa C. Alfaro, Protected Areas
Superintendent for DENR-12.

At least 55,500 rubber trees will be planted in the 111 hectares covered by the
project. Coffee and selected indigenous tree species will be intercropped.

In his presentation to the PAMB, Mr. Sotelo said farmers could gain from P14,458
to P21,583 a month per hectare from the plantation's seventh year onward. Rubber
can be productive starting on its sixth year up to 50 years from planting, he
said. The cooperative has a similar project in Barangay Lamdalag, Lake Sebu,
which covers 157 hectares of forest lands.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                 April 20, 2016

                    Hawkeye Tri-County Electric Cooperative

                    24049 State Haiway 9, Post Office Box 90
                               Cresco 52136-0090
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Announces Funding To Reduce Energy Costs For Rural Small Businesses

   Nov 09, 2011

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is funding projects to harness
wind, solar, geothermal and hydroelectric power to reduce energy costs for farms
and small business across rural America.One of the projects announced will
assist Hawkeye Tri-County Electric Cooperative in Cresco, Iowa, to install a
geothermal heating and cooling system in its headquarters building. Coon Valley
Turkeys, LLC, in Lake View, Iowa, is receiving funding to install a wind turbine
to offset the cost of electricity. Gary Larson of Underwood, Iowa, will receive
assistance to install a geothermal heating and cooling system in a shop that
services his farming operations.Below is a complete list of funding recipients
announced: Alaska Sea Lion Corp.- $50,000 grant wind project Colorado Avalanche
Ranch- $300,000 grant geothermal generation Connecticut Putnam Green Power-
$275,000 grant hydro electric Iowa Blake Organic Farms- $5,230 grant Feed Mill
energy project CPU Property Management- $12,667 grant geothermal Don Johnston
Construction- $15,937 grant wind generation E-4 Sons Company- $7,171 grant
geothermal Energique, Inc- $20,000 grant geothermal Heritage Wood Products-
$15,610 grant geothermal John Oliver- $18,065 grant wind Kevin Eisenman- $11,849
grant geothermal MJF Roadhouse- $7,607 grant geothermal Rick Ryan- $15,849 grant
geothermal Coon Valley Turkeys- $50,000 grant wind Dennis Smith, Inc.- $29,694
grant, $59,388 loan, geothermal Gary Larson- $49,727 grant geothermal Hawkeye
Tri-County Electric Cooperative- $50,000 grant geothermal Thomas Rabel- $39,949
grant wind-solar Thorsen Brothers, Inc.- $39,703 grant wind Crystal 28 LLP-
$36,750 grant wind Kansas Cornwell Farms- $14,262 grant geothermal BCP
Centerwind- $50,000 grant wind BCP Eastwind- $50,000 grant wind BCP Westwind-
$50,000 grant wind Pestinger Beverage Co.- $19,750 grant wind Maryland Iager
Brothers- $78,800 grant dolar electric Massachusetts Mill Valley Associates-
$89,636 grant solar electric Michigan Brad Hagen- $17,002 grant geothermal Jade-
$20,000 grant solar, geothermal Reinbold Organic Farms- $20,000 grant geothermal
Meadowridge Inc.- $46,377 grant greenhouse efficiency Lonnie Irion- $35,724
grant solar, geothermal William Ankley- $30,000 grant solar electric Minnesota
Byron Klaassen- $9,260 grant geothermal Federated Rural Electric- $12,165 grant
geothermal Gary Carlson- $9,767 grant geothermal Hammer Ag Sales- $6,565 grant
geothermal James Behrends- $11,526 grant geothermal Jared Ahlers- $6,500 grant
geothermal Jonathan Wenzel- $10,085 grant geothermal Nobles Cooperative
Electric- $14,880 grant geothermal Thomas Olsem- $6,332 grant geothermal Willis
Sandbulte- $4,956 grant geothermal Nebraska Michelle Huddle- $11,058 grant
geothermal Tekolste Enterprises- $19,750 grant wind New Jersey David Ackley-
$20,000 grant solar electric 9 Main St. LLC- $442,750 grant solar electric
Auburn Road Enterprises- $32,571 grant solar electric Blairwood Farms, Inc.-
$49,975 grant solar electric Harvery's Honey Inc.- $50,000 grant solar electric
Outnumbered Energy- $254,852 grant solar electric Provision Energy- $129,630
grant solar electric Provision Energy- $161,797 grant solar electric Waldac
Farm- $133,245 grant solar electric New York Micosta Enterprises- $19,860 grant
solar/geothermal North Carolina Mayberry Solar LLC- $4m loan solar Oregon EZ
Orchards- $123,413 grant solar electric EBD Hydro- $7.2m loan hydro electric
Utah BMB Enterprises- $500,000 grant hydro electric Vermont Green Mountain Env.-
$49,325 grant hydro Wisconsin Scenic View Organic Eggs- $31,057 grant solar
electric USDA funding is being provided through the Rural Energy for America
Program (REAP) and is contingent on the recipient meeting the conditions of the
grant or loan agreement. REAP grants can finance up to 25% of a project's cost,
up to $500,000 for renewable energy systems and $250,000 for energy efficiency
improvements.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Operational Employees               Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016


                              641 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Washington: Rural Development Loan Servicing

LENGTH: 2696  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 49 (Friday, March 13, 2015)]
[Rules and Regulations]
[Pages 13199-13201]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-05435]

========================================================================
Rules and Regulations
 Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________

This section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains regulatory documents
having general applicability and legal effect, most of which are keyed
to and codified in the Code of Federal Regulations, which is published
under 50 titles pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 1510.

The Code of Federal Regulations is sold by the Superintendent of Documents.
Prices of new books are listed in the first FEDERAL REGISTER issue of each
week.

========================================================================


Federal Register / Vol. 80, No. 49 / Friday, March 13, 2015 / Rules
and Regulations

[[Page 13199]]

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Housing Service

Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Rural Utilities Service

Farm Service Agency

7 CFR Parts 1951 and 1956

RIN 0570-AA88


Rural Development Loan Servicing

AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service Agency, USDA.

ACTION: Direct final rule.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Business-Cooperative Service is amending its
regulations for Debt Settlement. This amendment would allow the Rural
Business Service's (referred to as Agency throughout the remainder of
the text) Administrator to use the statutory authority that has been
delegated to him/her in accordance with title 331(b)(4) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), but is currently
not being used for all of RBS's revolving loan programs, which include:
The Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) loans, Rural Development Loan
Fund (RDLF) loans, and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP)loans. This regulation will allow the RBS to be consistent across
all of its loan programs; all of RBS's other loan programs have
regulations in place to settle debt.
 This Direct Final Rule is intended to authorize the Agency to use
its independent debt settlement authority under CONACT. Nothing in this
Direct Final Rule is intended to affect the requirements of the Agency
to follow other applicable Federal debt collection law such as the Debt
Collection Improvement Act of 1996, as amended. Further nothing in this
Direct Final Rule is intended to alter any requirements the Agency must
follow when making collection referrals to the Department of Justice or
the Treasury Department.

DATES: This rule is effective May 18, 2015. Comments on this direct
final rule must be received on or before April 13, 2015 to be assured
of consideration.
 If RBS receives adverse comment(s) on all or a distinct portion of
this rule, we will publish a timely withdrawal in the Federal Register
informing the public that some of this rule or the entire direct final
rule will not take effect. The rule provisions that are not withdrawn
will become effective on the date set out above, notwithstanding
adverse comments on any other provision, unless we determine that it
would not be appropriate to promulgate those provisions.

ADDRESSES: You may submit comments to this direct final rule by any of
the following methods:
 Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov.
Follow the instructions for submitting comments.
 Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service
to the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 0742, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor,
Washington, DC 20024.
 Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal
Express Mail, or other courier service requiring a street address, to
the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture. All written comments will be available for
public inspection during regular work hours at the 300 7th Street SW.,
7th Floor address listed above.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Melvin Padgett, Rural Development,
Business Programs, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Stop 3226, Washington, DC 20250-3225; email:
melvin.padgett@wdc.usda.gov; telephone: (202) 720-1495.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Executive Order 12866, Classification

This rule has been determined to be significant for purposes of
Executive Order 12866 and has been reviewed by the Office of Management
and Budget (OMB). The Executive Order defines a ``significant
regulatory action'' as one that is likely to result in a rule that may:
(1) Have an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or
adversely affect, in a material way, the economy, a sector of the
economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public
health or safety, or State, local, or Tribal Governments or
communities; (2) Create a serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere
with an action taken or planned by another agency; (3) Materially alter
the budgetary impact of entitlements, grants, user fees, or loan
programs or the rights and obligations of recipients thereof; or (4)
Raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal mandates, the
President's priorities, or the principles set forth in this Executive
Order.
 The Agency conducted a benefit-cost analysis to fulfill the
requirements of EO 12866. This rule will not impose any new costs for
the public (customers, applicants, borrowers, grantees, recipients and/
or beneficiaries) of Rural Development's loan programs. This direct
final rule permits the debt settlement policy to be uniform and
consistent for all programs and will allow the Rural Development to
process eligible debt settlement cases in a prompt and efficient
manner.

Programs Affected

The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Program number assigned
to the IRP is 10.767.

Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR, part
1940, subpart G, ``Environmental Program.'' Rural Development has
determined that this action does not constitute a major Federal action
significantly affecting the quality of the human environment and, in
accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) of 1969,
42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.

Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Consultation

The program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372,
which requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local
officials. Consultation will be completed at the time of the action
performed.

[[Page 13200]]

Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil
Justice Reform. The Agency has determined that this rule meets the
applicable standards provided in Sec. 3 of the Executive Order.
Additionally, (1) all State and local laws and regulations that are in
conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no retroactive effect
will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal procedures, if
any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department or its
agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.

Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial
direct effect on States, on the relationship between the National
Government and the States, or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities among the various levels of government. Nor does this
rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on State and local
governments. Therefore, consultation with States is not required.

Regulatory Flexibility Act Certification

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C.
605(b), the Agency certifies that this rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. The Agency
made this determination based on the fact that this regulation only
impacts those who choose to participate in the program. Small entity
applicants will not be impacted to a greater extent than large entity
applicants.

Unfunded Mandate Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory
provisions of Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for
State, local, and Tribal Governments or the private sector. Thus, this
rule is not subject to the requirements of Sec. s 202 and 205 of the
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.

Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development (RD)
in the development of regulatory policies that have tribal implications
or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined that this rule does not have
a substantial direct effect on one or more Indian tribe(s) or on either
the relationship or the distribution of powers and responsibilities
between the Federal Government and Indian tribes. Thus, this rule is
not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If a tribe
determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native
American Coordinator at (720) 544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov

Paperwork Reduction Act

This rule contains no new reporting or recordkeeping requirements
that would require approval under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995
(44 U.S.C. Chapter 35).

E-Government Act Compliance

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government
Act, to promote the use of the Internet and other information
technologies, to provide increased opportunities for citizens to access
Government information and services electronically.

I. Background

The process of debt settlement is a time consuming process. Before
a borrower in default can settle their indebtedness to the Agency,
current regulations require four levels of review: The local/area
office, the State Office, the National Office, and finally a United
States Department of Justice (DOJ) review. This review process results
in loans that are eligible for debt settlement, to continue to sit on
the books much longer than necessary, incurring interest, and
decreasing the likelihood that a borrower will exist to collect
recoveries once the loan is finally sent to the Department of the
Treasury.
 The Agency has shown, through its use of the settlement authority
in 7 U.S.C. 1981(b)(4) in its other loan programs, that it can
judiciously and reasonably administer that authority on its own without
the need for additional levels of review.
 By revising its regulations governing the review process for debt
settlement, the Agency will be able to process debt settlement claims
in a more uniform, prompt, and efficient manner.

II. Discussion of Changes

The Agency is proposing to modify several paragraphs in 7 CFR part
1951, subpart R and in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C in order to allow the
aforementioned loans to be settled under Agency policies and procedures
for debt settlement as found in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C, and to
remove the requirement to send settlements to DOJ, allowing us to use
the Federal Claims Collection Standards (31 CFR parts 900-904). This
will permit the Agency to quickly and efficiently dispose of debt
settlements. The specific changes are summarized below:
 1. The Agency is proposing to modify Sec. 1951.851(a) by adding a
sentence to indicate that all debt settlement cases submitted under 7
CFR part 1951, subpart R, will be handled in accordance with 7 CFR part
1956, subpart C. The Agency is adding reference to the RMAP in the
first sentence to indicate its inclusion.
 2. The Agency is proposing to revise Sec. 1951.894 to state that
the debt settlement of all claims, which would now include RMAP, would
be handled in accordance with 7 CFR 1956, subpart C. Specifically, the
Agency is replacing the reference to Federal Claims Collection
Standards, 4 CFR parts 101-105, with reference to ``Subpart C of Part
1956 of this Chapter.''
 3. The Agency is proposing to revise Sec. Sec. 1956.101 so that
debt settlement of RDLF loans, IRP loans and RMAP loans, will be under
7 CFR part 1956, subpart C (and will be handled by the Agency's
Administrator) rather than under the Federal Claims Collection
Standards as currently provided in the regulation.
 4. The Agency is proposing to revise the introductory text to Sec.
1956.147 to remove reference to RDLF loans and IRP loans. This is a
conforming change that removes these loans from complying with the debt
settlement provisions under the Federal Claims Collection Act.

List of Subjects

7 CFR Part 1951

Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development.

7 CFR Part 1956

Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development.

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, chapter XVIII, title 7,
of the Code of Federal Regulations is amended as follows:

CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE
SERVICE, RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT
OF AGRICULTURE

PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS

0
1. The authority citation for part 1951 is revised to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

[[Page 13201]]

Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing

0
2. Paragraph (a) of Sec. 1951.851 is revised to read as follows:


Sec. 1951.851 Introduction.

(a) This subpart contains regulations for servicing or liquidating
loans or other assistance made by the Rural Business-Cooperative
Service or its successor agency under the IRP and the RMAP. All debt
settlement cases under this subpart will be settled in accordance with
the debt settlement provisions set forth in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C.
The provisions of this subpart supersede conflicting provisions of any
other subpart.
* * * * *

0
3. Section 1951.894 is revised to read as follows:


Sec. 1951.894 Debt settlement.

Debt settlement of all claims will be handled in accordance with
subpart C of part 1956 of this chapter.

PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT

0
4. The authority citation for part 1956 is revised to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs

0
5. Section 1956.101 is revised to read as follows:


Sec. 1956.101 Purpose.

This subpart delegates authority and prescribes policies and
procedures for debt settlement of Community Facility loans; Association
Recreation loans; Rural Renewal loans; direct Business and Industry
loans; Rural Development Loan Fund loans; Intermediary Relending
Program loans; and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP) loans and repayable portions of RMAP grants; and Shift-in-land-
use loans. Settlement of Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans, Claims
Against Third Party Converters, Non-program loans, Rural Business
Enterprise/Television Demonstration Grants, Nonprofit National
Corporations Loans and Grants, and 601 Energy Impact Assistance Grants,
is not authorized under independent statutory authority, and settlement
under these programs is handled pursuant to the Federal Claims
Collection Joint Standards, 31 CFR parts 900 through 904, inclusive. In
addition, this subpart does not apply to Water and Waste Programs of
the Rural Utilities Service, Watershed loans, and Resource Conservation
and Development loans, which are serviced under part 1782 of this
title.

0
6. The section heading and introductory text to Sec. 1956.147 are
revised to read as follows:


Sec. 1956.147 Debt settlement under the Federal Claims Collection
Standard.

Unless otherwise provided in this title, loans and claims will be
settled in accordance with the Federal Claims Collection Standards at
31 CFR parts 900 through 904, inclusive.
* * * * *

Dated: February 27, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary.
 Dated: February 26, 2015.
Michael Scuse,
Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.
[FR Doc. 2015-05435 Filed 3-12-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Western Times (Queensland)

                               February 18, 2010

Two south west women short-listed for rural award

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 791  words


Sharyn Garrett from Amby and Charleville's Karen Siepen are two of four
Queensland finalists vying for the 2010 Rural Industries Research and
Development Corporation's Rural Women's Award.

The other finalists are Dr Geraldine McGuire, Director, Rainforest Bounty, from
Malanda and Jane Milburn, freelance writer and media consultant, from Brisbane.

Department of Employment, Economic Development and Innovation Associate Director
General Robert Setter congratulated the finalists.

"I would like to congratulate these innovative rural women for their commitment
to the sustainable development of their industries and their communities," Mr
Setter said.

"This year's finalists show a commitment to profiling sustainable primary
production, improving farming practices and supporting cooperative ventures
amongst Queensland primary producers."

The winner of the Queensland RIRDC Rural Women's Award will receive a $10,000
bursary designed to assist them in developing their skills and leadership
potential in primary industries.

Mr Setter said last year's Queensland winner and Australian runner-up, southeast
Queensland feedlot co-owner Barb Madden, put her bursary to good use.

"Ms Madden used her bursary to create a partnership between indigenous
pastoralists and her feedlot through the development of a sustainable cattle
feeding business model," he said.

"Her initiative has supported the Award's intentions by building partnerships
and enhancing training opportunities for those in rural communities.

"I look forward to welcoming the next Queensland winner to follow in the
footsteps of Ms Madden and her predecessors in developing Queensland's rural
industries."

Sharyn Garrett is Executive Officer of the not-for-profit community
organisation, the Booringa Action Group. She is also a partner in a macropod
harvesting enterprise in which her role is to assist with the development of new
technologies with a view to adoption by the kangaroo industry.

Sharyn is passionate about the kangaroo harvesting industry and works hard to
ensure its recognition. Her vision is for landholders and harvesters to work
co-operatively to recognise the value of kangaroos as a resource rather than a
pest.

Sharyn will promote the Maranoa Kangaroo Harvesters and Growers Co-operative Ltd
to landholders who perceive the kangaroo as detrimental to profitability. The
co-operative will enable landholders to share in the profits from the kangaroos
on their property.

Sharyn said she will use the RIRDC bursary to develop a business strategy for
the co-operative. Her project will review current operations and provide
recommendations designed to assist the co-operative to become an even more
efficient and sustainable operation.

The successful management of the co-operative will enable more effective
kangaroo management at a cross-property level, ensure that production objectives
are met and that total grazing pressure is alleviated.

Karen Siepen is Director of Renewable Carbon Resources Australia, a business
manufacturing eco-friendly Charcoal-Carbon.

Charcoal-Carbon manufacturing involves the recycling of waste timber on
properties by cooking it in large earth ovens. RCRA Charcoal-Carbon is used in
soils in agriculture, horticulture and home gardens to improve soil productivity
and reduce CO2 in the atmosphere. The product saves water by storing it in the
charcoal structure for access by plants enabling farmers to use less water in
irrigation.

Karen is a passionate rural businesswoman working in a male-dominated industry.
On a daily basis she faces challenges including 55-degree ground heat in summer,
venomous snakes, unreliable generator power, patchy telecommunications and
isolation.

Her vision for a sustainable Charcoal-Carbon industry goes beyond the
manufacture of combustible charcoal. Karen wants to empower land managers to use
the product as a means to increase farm productivity, profit and land values
while at the same time addressing environmental issues.

Karen said the RIRDC bursary will be used to continue her professional
development in global charcoal-carbon innovations as well as to build valuable
international networks and trade opportunities. She also hopes to create a
stronger industry via the formation of an Australian Colliers Association in
order to link charcoal producers with communities, scientists and landholders.

The Queensland winner will be announced at a gala award ceremony at the Stamford
Plaza in Brisbane on March 10.

They will then compete with other state and territory winners for the honour of
being named the Australian RIRDC Rural Women's Award winner.

DEEDI coordinates this award in Queensland as part of its commitment to
supporting and promoting the work of innovators in agriculture and fisheries.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TWT


                    Copyright 2010 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Sarke Daily News

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

JOHANNES HAHN: EU IS ACTIVELY SUPPORTING DEVELOPMENT OF GEORGIA'S AGRICULTURE
SECTOR

BYLINE: Sarke Daily News

LENGTH: 152 words


Johannes  Hahn,  European  Commissioner  for  European  Neighborhood  Policy and

Enlargement Negotiations, paying visit to Georgia, declared that "EU is actively

supporting

development

of

Georgia's  agriculture  sector  within  European
Neighborhood Program for Agriculture and Rural Development (ENPARD)".

"This  facilitation  covers  250  million in total and is foreseen for 2013-2020

years",  Hahn  noted.  Within  the  program,  10,000  farmers  already  got  the

assistance, he pointed.

Hahn  spoke  of the mentioned, while visiting cooperative "Lurja-2015" and Ajara

Agro

Service  Center  today  (quotas  are  provided  according  to  report  of
Agriculture Ministry).

As  the  Ministry  specified, the mentioned cooperative has installed the latest

drip  irrigation systems and other technical facilities through grant program of

ENPARD,  as  well  as  received  strawberry  and raspberry seedlings for growing

plantations.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1168


                    Copyright 2016 Sarke Information Agency
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Tuskegee News (Alabama)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 16, 2015

TU President Johnson testifies about impact of Ag education

BYLINE: The Tuskegee News staff

LENGTH: 412  words


Tuskegee University was among speakers to U.S. lawmakers about the
transformative effects of agricultural education on rural communities in
Alabama.

The United States House of Representatives' Committee on Agriculture heard
testimony from university presidents from around the nation on July 15. Dr.
Brian L. Johnson, Tuskegee University president, spoke on behalf of the
institution.

The session addressed the needs for agricultural, food and natural resources
research, outreach and education. The event was part of the celebration of the
125th anniversary of the second Morrill Act of 1890, which established land for
a system of industrial colleges in former Confederate states.

This is the first time in history that 1890 land-grant institution presidents
have been asked to testify before the House's Committee on Agriculture.

The second Morrill Act of 1890 required each state to show that race was not an
admissions criterion, or to designate a separate land grant institution for
persons of color.

Among the 70 colleges and universities, which eventually evolved from the first
Morrill Act of 1862 and second Morrill Act of 1890 are 19 historically black
universities designated as 1890 land grant universities, including Tuskegee
University.

The presidents from all 19 of the institutions were expected to be in attendance
and Tuskegee is one of the six schools asked to testify. Johnson spoke about how
United States Department of Agriculture funding is used by the institution to
support current programs and develop more for the future.

For example, Tuskegee University's research and Cooperative Extension staff has
worked with small farmers and rural communities in Alabama for many years to
support farm-and agribusiness-based economic development in poor areas.

The university has also recently completed construction of the Carver
Integrative Sustainability Center on campus that houses eight USDA agencies and
brings together faculty and staff from all disciplines to work on problems
associated with small, socially disadvantaged and underserved farmers.

"The need for increased federal funding is absolutely necessary for Tuskegee and
other 1890 land grant universities to continue their strong legacies of research
and cooperative extension and the production of students that go into meaningful
and rewarding careers that impact our nation's future," Johnson said.

To find out more about 1890 land grant institutions, go to
http://www.tuskegee.edu/celebratel890s.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TKG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 The Tuskegee News


                              645 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Austin Daily Herald, Minn

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 25, 2009 Wednesday

Southland to get boost through grants: Funds for learning project total $373,123

BYLINE: Rachel Drewelow, Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 522 words


Nov. 25--Southeast Minnesota schools continue to go the distance thanks to a
funding boost.

Grants from the US Department of Agriculture will allow several rural schools to
beef up their course offerings and develop distance-learning programs.

Southland Schools and the Southeast Service Cooperative garnered two grants
totaling $373,123 for what they call the Southeast Minnesota Generation Now
Learning Project.

The funds will be distributed among 20 schools to acquire video-conferencing
equipment and teacher training this spring.

The schools are Southland, Blooming Prairie, Fillmore Central, Byron,
Glenville-Emmons, Grand Meadow, Hayfield, Kingsland, LeRoy-Ostrander, Lyle,
Caledonia, Lanesboro, Wabasha-Kellogg, Cannon Falls, Houston, Pine Island,
Lewiston-Altura, Rushford Peterson and Spring Grove.

Each school will receive high-definition interactive television units and funds
for staff development, said Southland Middle School and High School Principal
Ryan Luft.

"The goal is to train teachers to deliver high school and college level courses
using this technology," he said.

Several area rural schools, such as Southland, LeRoy-Ostrander, Lyle, Grand
Meadow and Caledonia, currently work with Riverland Community College and
Minnesota State College Southeast Technical to offer distance courses to high
school students with this technology.

These courses carry high school and college credits, and the students take the
courses virtually -- from their high school classrooms.

"They are a hybrid of face-to-face, distance and online components," Luft
explained.

The interactive televisions will allow more high school students in those
districts to take interactive classes with college instructors, from the comfort
of their high school.

The new TVs and training means schools are also going to be able to share
remedial courses across districts, Luft said.

"The first step is going to be for each school to develop a course list, of what
classes are needed and what is already being taught. Then, we'll decide which
ones to share across districts with this technology," he said.

Sen. Dan Sparks said in a news release that rural schools face difficulty
providing the courses and professional opportunities that schools in more
populated areas offer. The grant is meant to bridge the "digital divide," he
said.

The technology also allows teachers to record their lectures and upload them to
course Web sites, for any absent students who will need to catch up, Luft said.

This grant proposal was one of 191 that competed nationally in the 2009 USDA
Rural Development Distance Learning and Telemedicine Grant Program.

That program is designed to further educational and health care services in
rural America.

To see more of the Austin Daily Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.austindailyherald.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Austin Daily Herald,
Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091125-1AU-Southland-to-get-boost-through-grants-1125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AU


                                 Copyright 2009


                              646 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

Online farmers market will close this month

BYLINE: Sarah Lemon, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 364 words


Dec. 03--The region's online farmers market is pulling the plug this month.

Administered by the economic-development organization Thrive, Rogue Valley Local
Foods is closing for lack of grant funding that supported it, executive director
Wendy Siporen said. The final orders at www.roguevalleylocalfoods.com will be
taken Friday, Dec. 13, through Tuesday, Dec. 17, for pickup Thursday, Dec. 19.

"We just didn't have the volume," said Siporen.

Launched in June 2010, the market was designed to assist small farmers with
direct sales while appealing to customers who otherwise couldn't shop at local
farmers markets. Thrive plans to shift the effort to wholesaling locally grown
produce to grocery stores, markets and food cooperatives, Siporen said. That
project will be funded by Meyer Memorial Trust and the USDA Rural Business
Enterprise Grant, she said.

Since Rogue Valley Local Foods' debut, new farmers markets -- Saturdays in
Medford and Sundays in Jacksonville -- and retailers, such as Medford Food
Co-op, have opened. Additionally, more farmers offer community-supported
agriculture shares during the winter.

Those outlets, said Siporen, largely meet small farmers needs that Thrive
identified as part of the Southern Oregon Farmer Incubator project in
collaboration with Oregon State University Extension Small Farms and Rogue Farm
Corps with funding from U.S. Department of Agriculture and Cow Creek Umpqua
Indian Foundation. Rogue Valley Local Foods brought more than $140,000 to the
local food economy, she said, calling it a "learning experience."

Rogue Valley Local Foods represents 58 of the region's small farmers, ranchers
and artisan-food producers.

Based in Ashland, Thrive (The Rogue Initiative for a Vital Economy) is a
nonprofit group that advocates for local food and its local business members. It
publishes the annual Rogue Flavor guide to local food resources, serves on the
Rogue Valley Food System Council and organizes the September Eat Local
Challenge.

For more information, see www.buylocalrogue.org.

-- Sarah Lemon

___ (c)2013 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131203-ME-Online-farmers-market-will-close-this-month-1203-20131203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2013 Mail Tribune


                              647 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 27, 2004 Sunday

Ag Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b4

LENGTH: 463 words

DATELINE: ARLINGTON, Iowa


Area teams shine at Dairy Quiz Bowl

The Delaware County Senior Dairy Quiz Bowl Team placed first in the annual 4-H
Youth Dairy Quiz Bowl on June 10 at Starmont High School.

The members of the Delaware County team will represent Iowa 4-H at the National
4-H Dairy Quiz Bowl in Louisville, Ky., in November.

Senior Delaware County team members include Katie Hoffmann, of Earlville, Kelly
Freiburger, of Delhi, Jessica Tekippe, of Manchester, and Abby Saunders, of
Ryan. They are coached by Jennifer Kunde and Katie Freiburger.

Dubuque County won the junior division. Team members include Jessie Hammerand
and Scottie Wolf, both of Bankston, and Carly Gaul and Hanns Gaul, both of
Peosta.

The Intermediate Division winners also were from Dubuque County. Team members
included Luke Rauen and Mark Simon, both of Farley, Elizabeth Gaul, of Peosta,
and Ted Wolf, of Bankston. The Dubuque County teams were coached by Kim Wolf and
Dee Gaul.

Grazing school slated

LANCASTER, Wis. - The final Wisconsin Grazing School for 2004 is scheduled for
July 9-10 at the University of Wisconsin Lancaster Research Station. The
Wisconsin Grazing Schools teach producers the basics of management intensive
grazing with field exercises and in-depth discussions covering both agronomic
and livestock topics related to grazing and beef production.

Cost of the school is $$ @100 per farm or ranch. For a brochure and registration
information, contact Rhonda Gildersleeve, University of Wisconsin Extension, at
608/935-0391.

Grant funding available

CHAMPAIGN, Ill. - Farmers, producer groups and agricultural cooperatives can vie
for their share of $$ @13.2 million in grant funding from USDA Rural
Development. The grants will support the development of value-added agriculture
business ventures.

Grants are available to independent producers, agricultural producer groups,
farmer or rancher cooperatives and majority-controlled producer-based business
ventures to fund planning activities or acquire working capital to operate a
value-added business venture.

Applications must be submitted on paper or electronically no later than July 30.
Detailed information on the grant application and program requirements can be
found at: www.rurdev.usda.gov.

Galena events planned

GALENA, Ill. - A horse training demonstration, farm tour and pasture walk will
be held at 4:30 p.m. July 6 at the Green Valley Farm, 1494 South Irish Hollow
Road, Galena.

The cost is $$ @5 per person at the door. Children 12 and younger will be
admitted free.

Field day scheduled

LANCASTER, Wis. - A soybean aphid management field day will be held Thursday at
the University of Wisconsin Lancaster Agricultural Research Station. For more
information, call 608/723-2580.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              648 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 March 6, 2000

Transport grant hope for youth groups

BYLINE: By Emma Lane

SECTION: Transport: Grants, Pg.3

LENGTH: 368 words


TWO applications under the Rural Youth Transport Grant Scheme will be considered
by Aberdeenshire Council's Marr area committee tomorrow.

The budget allocated to the committee is GBP 1,500 under this scheme, which aims
to help youth organisations in rural areas with travel costs.

Young people and youth groups in towns which have secondary schools are not
eligible to apply and trips must be of an educational or personal development
nature. Awards are based on 50% of the actual travel costs, up to a maximum
award of GBP 150.

Applications under consideration will be a grant for Alford Girls Group for a
trip to the Co-operative Young Film-Makers' Festival in Bradford last October,
and funds for Banchory Beavers Swimming Club, whose members are training at
alternative pools because their local pool has closed for repairs.

At a meeting of the education and recreation grants sub-committee on January 31,
members considering applications from voluntary organisations under the small
grants scheme decided not to support applications seeking help with travel
costs.

The report states that at that time Aberdeenshire Council had placed a travel
embargo on its own staff within the education and recreation service because of
the authority's projected overspend this financial year. However it has since
been decided applications under the Rural Youth Transport Grant Scheme can still
be considered.

Community officer Irene de Both wrote in the report: "Given the decision by the
education and recreation grants sub -committee, the initial comments by the
grants officer, the fact that the application by the Alford Girls Group is
retrospective, and the continuing financial difficulties facing the council in
this financial year, it was considered appropriate that rather than the area
manager exercising the delegated authority given to him, the area committee
should consider and decide the two applications to the Rural Youth Transport
Scheme of financial assistance."

Grant applications already approved include GBP 35 for Towie Youth Club, GBP 39
for Keig Youth Club and GBP 67.50 for Glass Swimming Club.

Marr area committee will meet in Tullynessle Hall, Alford, tomorrow at 10am.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              649 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Power company to offer access to the Web

BYLINE: Matt Hildner, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 565 words


Dec. 04--MONTE VISTA -- The idea of serving hard-toreach places is not new to
the nation's rural electric cooperatives.

But the San Luis Valley Rural Electric Cooperative has added a twist to its
original Great Depression- era mission of delivering electricity to area farms
and ranches.

The cooperative unveiled plans last week to begin offering Internet service to a
small section of the San Luis Valley under the banner of a newly created
subsidiary called Ciello.

The service, which ranges in price from 10 megabytes per second for $39.95 to a
gigabyte per second for $129.95 is possible thanks to the installation of
fiber-optic lines.

"It really does ensure that whatever capacities people want, we can do that,"
the cooperative's CEO Loren Howard said.

Ciello's Internet service already is available to a small group of homes between
Monte Vista and Del Norte.

The service will reach South Fork this month.

The company will use the cooperative's existing poles to carry the fiberoptic
lines. Its overhead lines extend over 2,100 miles, while another 524 miles of
line go underground.

And while the cooperative's electricity operations are bound by a state-approved
distribution territory, the Internet service under Ciello is not. That means
residents in towns that are served by the area's other main electricity provider
-- Xcel Energy -- can subscribe to Ciello thanks to a pole-sharing agreement
signed by the two utilities.

The cooperative was founded in 1937, just two years after President Franklin
Roosevelt signed an order creating the Rural Electrification Administration.

At a time when nine in 10 rural homes were without electricity, the REA's
lending program was designed to help local cooperatives bring electricity to
hard-toreach areas.

Howard said that experience can help in providing a new service.

He said residents in larger towns like Monte Vista and Alamosa may have consumer
choices.

"Outside of some of those areas, options are pretty limited," he said.

Howard said the Internet service will expand regardless of whether its backed by
any federal grant dollars. But the cooperative has applied to the Federal
Communications Commission for funds from a program that's seeking to advance
broadband delivery in rural America. The Rural Broadband Experiments program has
set aside $100 million to award groups that are looking at different ways to
provide Internet service.

While the country's rural electrics have not universally offered Internet
service, Howard pointed to one in Columbia, Mo., as a successful example.

Howard's previous employer -- the Holland (Mich.) Board of Public Works --
offers another. He said the Michigan utility installed fiber lines in 1993.

"Within a year or so, we already leased out half the fiber we installed," he
said.

But the fiber-optic lines also can help the cooperative manage its electricity
by enabling what's called distribution automation. Distribution automation
allows equipment instead of personnel to adjust loads and routing in the event
of an outage, reducing downtime from hours to seconds.

Howard said fiber optic lines also are safer, more reliable and have more
capacity.

"It really has such an unlimited capacity for running an electric utility," he
said.

mhildner@yahoo.com

___ (c)2014 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141204-PB-Power-company-to-offer-access-to-the-Web-1204-20141204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2014 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              650 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                             April 26, 2010 Monday

U.S. Foundation Supports Local Cooperatives

BYLINE: James Karuhanga

LENGTH: 263  words

DATELINE: Kigali


The United States African Development Foundation (USADF) has approved two grants
to local cooperatives to support food production and establish several income
generating activities.

According to a statement released by USADF the cooperatives to benefit include;
Coopérative de Développement et du Bien-être Famililiale (CDEF) of Gasabo
District and Coopérative Ituze of Kamonyi District, Southern Province.

"These grants invest in food production in Rwanda while targeting those at the
bottom billion by creating jobs and raising people's incomes," USADF Chairman,
Jack Leslie said.

The 18-month grant will finance equipment, a marketing campaign, best practices
training for mushroom production, and develop a business plan.

The five-year grant will fund a water system, working capital, training, and
equipment.

"While the Cooperative is able to produce high quality cassava flour using an
already-constructed milling factory, production had been hampered by the delayed
installation of electrical power," reads part of the USADF statement.

The statement adds that power is now connected, but a lack of working capital to
purchase sufficient cassava for continuous production is limiting the group's
potential success. The primary focus of the USADF funding will be helping Ituze
establish and maintain a crop purchase fund in order to fully utilize the
milling equipment in place.

"The project will benefit at least 200 small-scale farmers who will earn a
living and be able to support their families plus another 800 unskilled workers
who provide casual labour in the cassava fields".

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Western Daily Press

                            January 31, 2006 Tuesday

Printmaking Co-Op ready to press ahead

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 331 words


For centuries pictures have been printed from reverse images carved in wood or
etched into copperplate.

In the 20th century, the technique was taken on as an art form by the likes of
Pablo Picasso and Andy Warhol, whose world-famous picture of Marilyn Monroe is a
print.

Now a group of artists is hoping to keep these traditions alive at studios in
Stroud, by forming a co-operative. It has been set up thanks to a grant of
£55,000 from the Rural Renaissance scheme in Gloucestershire and is the
brainchild of artist and printmaker Sue Drennen.

"Some skills are dying, " she said.

"One of our main aims is to educate - people really don't know what an original
print is. A lot of people think it's a copy, but it's just as much an original
piece of artwork as a drawing or a painting. It's just a different medium." Sue
came up with the idea when she realised that Gloucestershire had no independent
facilities for printmaking - the nearest are in Bristol and Oxford.

"There are an awful lot of printmakers in the area who have done their degrees,
but couldn't continue with printmaking because they could not afford to set up
their own place.

"Equipment for etching, lithography, lino-cut and wood cut as well as screen
printing is very expensive - so the ideal solution was to share, and the
co-operative was born, " she said.

The co-operative already has 20 full-time members. The task now is to fully
equip the new studios in Griffin Mill.

Alongside the traditional tools and printing machines will be computers and the
studios are expected to be open to the public in November.

Sue added: "It's really exciting. Given Stroud's reputation for artists, it will
also be a tourist attraction - people can come and have a look at the
printmaking going on in the Five Valleys." The Gloucestershire Rural Renaissance
scheme, managed by Gloucestershire First, is investing £7million (£3million from
the South West Regional Development Agency) in projects across the county to
boost the rural economy.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           October 23, 2004 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Meeker considers grocery cooperative;
Closest store is a 15-minute drive away

BYLINE: Ann Weaver, Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO V; Pg. 21A

LENGTH: 695 words

DATELINE: MEEKER


When Cynthia Fencl's cupboards are missing an ingredient essential to a dish
she's cooking, she hollers at neighbor for help.

There's been a lot of borrowing between neighbors since Meeker's only grocery
store closed in June, Fencl said. Their only other option is to drive to a store
more than 15 minutes away in Shawnee.

At a town hall meeting Thursday night, residents discussed the possibility of
starting a cooperative grocery store to make shopping convenient again and let
people spend their money in Meeker.

A cooperative business is one that is owned by those it serves.

The meeting drew about 60 residents in the southern Lincoln County town of about
1,000.

Several residents expressed their longing for the old B&R Food Town to return,
well-known for its old-fashioned meat counter with choice cuts of beef and
delivery service for homebound senior citizens. The downtown business had been
owned and operated by Ronald Jones of Meeker since 1960.

When Jones retired, the town lost its sole grocery store and one of its largest
sales tax generators. Sales tax proceeds collected by B&R accounted for about
$45,000 of the town's $700,000 annual budget.

Town Administrator Kent Friskup said the opening of a new Wal-Mart SuperCenter
in Shawnee has made it next to impossible to recruit a new grocer. No one wants
to compete with the corporate giant, he said, so he began to hatch a plan for a
community-owned store.

Friskup said the grocery store cooperative would be governed by an elected board
of directors that would hire a manager to oversee its daily operations.

Membership would be composed of those who purchase shares in the cooperative,
although each member would have one business vote, no matter how many shares he
or she owned.

Friskup said the shares could be sold in $1,000 increments, but shareholders
aren't likely to see a dividend check for several years.

He said it would take about $300,000 to open the store. He hopes to obtain
grants to help with the costs.

Representatives from Rural Enterprises Inc. and the U.S. Agriculture
Department's Rural Development Administration said there are small business and
low-interest loans to help finance a cooperative grocery store. The agencies
also have programs to help the cooperative develop its strategic plan.

Blayne Spencer, a loan officer for Rural Enterprise Inc., said the effort in
Meeker could inspire cooperative grocery ventures in other small towns.

"This is obviously not a problem that is unique to Meeker," Spencer said. "I
think if Meeker were able to start this cooperative, then other towns with the
same problem could follow their lead."

Friskup said before moving forward with the project, he would consult the state
attorney general's office about laws that could prevent them from organizing the
cooperative.

He also agreed to arrange a field trip to a cooperative grocery store. He knew
of no other cooperative grocery stores in Oklahoma, but had found stores in
Texas, Kansas and Akansas, Friskup said.

Bill Nagle, of Meeker, said a cooperative grocery store sounds like an answer to
their problems, but before joining, he wants to review a business plan with a
financial analysis of its cost and revenue potential. He also wants assurance
that a food distributor will deliver goods to the store, he said.

Others less skeptical were already brainstorming Thursday about the amenities
their grocery store could offer.

One person suggested a meat counter with high quality beef solely from local
cattle farmers. Another said she hoped a small pharmacy could be added.

Friskup said the project is still in its infancy, but it would be possible to
have a store opened by March.

He said the state Commerce Department has reported that about 2,500 people live
in Meeker's trade area.

Fencl said Thursday she was looking forward to the day when she'll be able to
shop in town again. Marlene Barnett and Judy Friskup agreed, chuckling about the
store maps distributed at Wal Mart SuperCenter and recalling a time when a
friend spent an entire day there.

"There are a lot of people in town who don't want to fight the crowds in
Shawnee," Barnett said. "They want to trade here where their dollars go to
support their community."

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: Meeker map

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           October 6, 2001, Saturday

MID-ULSTER WOULD BENEFIT FROM RURAL SCHEME, SAYS MINISTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 401 words


FIVE rural-regeneration projects attracting some pounds 1.7 million grant aid
would have a positive impact on the lives of people living in the Mid-Ulster
area, according to Agriculture and Rural Development Minister, Brid Rodgers.

The Minister's comments were made during a whistle-stop tour of the five
projects supported by her Department's Rural Development Programme that will
provide community facilities, bring education and training resources to rural
people and attract tourism and business to the areas around Draperstown and the
foothills of the Sperrin Mountains.

Praising the co-operative efforts of all the community groups and the local and
central fund providers associated with the regeneration projects, Mrs Rodgers
said: "I have been most impressed by the new and upgraded facilities I have seen
today and the involvement of community groups in improving their standard of
living and education while attracting business to rural areas.

"The farming industry in Northern Ireland has had a very difficult time over the
past decade with the resulting adverse impact on the local rural economy.
However, the sheer tenacity of people and their will to succeed in difficult
times encourages me to continue to represent their interests at home, in the NI
Executive, with my Ministerial colleagues in Great Britain and in European
Council.

"During last week's important Congress of European Agriculture Conference held
in Belfast, I was delighted to be able to announce that I had secured a Rural
Development, LEADER+ funding package for Northern Ireland for the next five
years amounting to pounds 20m."

The Minister added: "I will ensure that my officials involved in administering
the package encourage as many groups as possible to participate in the next
round of projects that will continue to empower the local community and help the
recovery of the rural economy."

During her tour of the five project sites, the Minister took time out to visit
the Rural College, near Draperstown, where she opened a new sport and leisure
facility on the campus.

l In all, five projects were officially opened by the Minister, including:
Kilcronaghan Youth Hostel, Tobermore; Sixtowns Community Resource/Tourism
Amenity Centre and Caravan Park; Moneyneena Community and Tourism Resource
Centre Sport and Leisure complex at the Rural College; and Glenullin Resource
Centre.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Century Newspapers Limited


                              654 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 3, 2010 Wednesday

Loebsack touts USDA Rural Development programs during Ottumwa visit

BYLINE: Cindy Toopes, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 689 words


Feb. 3--OTTUMWA -- Congressman Dave Loebsack knows rural Iowa needs help.

That's why he's on the road doing USDA Rural Development Roundtables with USDA
Undersecretary Dallas Tonsager. More than 30 people filled City Hall's council
chambers Tuesday afternoon to listen and ask questions.

Loebsack said the roundtable would offer information "on USDA programs that
communities can utilize to assist with economic development and job creation."

"It's important to gather folks and find out their concerns," he said. "USDA
Rural Development has 42 programs that can help."

Loebsack then asked Tonsager to explain some of the programs and procedures. The
congressman also said Tonsager was "a farmer in South Dakota and did great work
with cooperatives."

Tonsager said the USDA has 500 office sites and 6,000 employees. He works with
Tom Vilsack, a former Iowa governor and now U.S. Agriculture Secretary.

Two questions have emerged from the last decade, according to Tonsager.

"How do we invest in our communities, the infrastructure and schools? How do we
invest in ourselves?" he said. "One way was biofuels, which helped the economy
and gave us markets. We have the opportunity to invest in local communities and
USDA has programs with a wide range of assistance, from building a large
generating station to fixing a house roof."

Loebsack said officials may have to "raise the minimum balance" because
Ottumwa's population is "too high for rural housing."

Former Ottumwan Jeff Heland of Burlington said his city is too big to qualify
for USDA's help.

For a growing community, Loebsack said "there are consequences, such as not
getting help."

Heland agreed there were a number of consequences, "such as being underfunded
for 9-1-1 agencies."

"We can see that happening with our First Responders," Heland said. "We bump
into not even having matching funds or the people to do the grant applications.
And, there are aging issues. Do you have grants for nursing homes?"

"No, just loans," Tonsager said.

Shirley Stacey, mayor of Eldon, wanted to know what's available to attract
business to her town.

"I've had inquiries from a meat processing business," she said. "I want more
than a post office, a grain dealer and gas station in Eldon."

Loebsack said he was sure "putting the American Gothic House sign on the highway
has attracted many travelers."

"Yes, we do pull them in off the road," she said.

Ottumwa Mayor Dale Uehling said the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
has rules and places like Eldon and Eddyville, or other communities with
lagoons, will be required to treat storm-water runoff.

"It's disastrous for small, rural communities," he said. "And I have concern for
livestock farmers due to the EPA's rulings."

REAP is one of the USDA programs is fairly well known in Wapello County. The
acronym stands for "Rural Energy for America Program." The objective is to
"purchase and install renewable energy systems and make energy efficiency
improvements; and, do stand-alone feasibility studies."

Approved REAP applicants are ag producers and small businesses. Funding is
through grants, loan guarantees and eventually direct loans.

Loebsack said broadband for rural residents is important and he hopes people
will pursue it. The USDA's program is "Rural Broadband Loan and Loan Guarantee."

"Access to the Internet is critical to get," he added.

While seated with Loebsack and Tonsager, Randy Campbell also answered questions.
He's the area director for USDA Rural Development and he covers Appanoose,
Davis, Lucas, Jasper, Mahaska, Marion, Monroe, Poweshiek, Wapello and Wayne
counties.

To find out more about USDA Rural Development programs, contact Area Director
Randy Campbell, (641) 932-3031; or, go online to www.rurdv.usda.gov/ia

To see more of Ottumwa Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottumwacourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100203-OT-Loebsack-touts-USDA-Rural-Development
-programs-during-Ottumwa-visit-0203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                                 Copyright 2010


                              655 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Independent (Lagos)

                                August 19, 2014

Addressing Rural Poverty Through Co-Operative Societies

BYLINE: Chibuzor Emejor

LENGTH: 1521 words

DATELINE: Abuja


It is no longer news that majority of Nigerians live in the rural areas.
Predominantly, many of them eke out a living through farming and petty trading,
among other menial ventures. Apart from the fact that most of the rural areas in
the country lack social amenities and infrastructural facilities, the rural
dwellers also live in squalor and abject poverty due to lack of access to
financial services provided by commercial banks or micro-finance institutions.

It is against this backdrop that the Federal Department of Cooperatives under
the Federal Government/International Fund for Agricultural Development
(FGN/IFAD) Assisted Rural Finance Institution Building Programme (RUFIN)
recently organised stakeholders' meeting to consider the Report on Skill Gaps/
Training Needs of Cooperative Inspectors of the State Departments of
Cooperatives in Abuja. The meeting, according to the Director of Cooperatives in
the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, Dr. Dickson Okolo,
was intended to enhance the access of the rural populace to sustainable
financial services so as to improve their living conditions and empower them
economically.

Addressing journalists at the meeting, Okolo explained that the gathering was
aimed at ensuring financial inclusion of the rural poor. He identified lack of
technical skill and knowledge gaps on the part of Cooperative Inspectors as a
major clog in the realisation of the said objectives.

According to him, "Over time, it has been observed that the Co-operative
Inspectors who meet and work with Cooperative societies, including Financial
Co-operatives, are expected to provide technical assistance in organising and
managing the affairs of these societies are themselves, many times,
incapacitated due to lack of technical skill to provide the needed knowledge.

"We are here to do skill gaps as it affects Co-operatives Inspectors for State
Departments of Co-operatives. Essentially, what we are discussing is about
financial inclusion of rural folks. You find out that the people who deal with
financial cooperatives are the Inspectors. These inspectors, we have discovered,
have a lot of challenges of knowledge gaps. The exercise we are having today is
the presentation on the study that a Consultant has done to identify specific
knowledge-gaps of Inspectors in the 12 RUFIN States.

"The Report presented had observed that there are a lot of knowledge-gaps that
need to be bridged. We think that at the end of today, we should be able to
address the issue of the training modules that are required to target the
knowledge gaps already identified. From there, we will it follow-up and conduct
training for the Inspectors."

The Director of Department of Co-operatives further lamented that most of the
Cooperative societies in the country have not lived up to expectation, as their
performances and impact have been very dismal. To this end, he warned that the
Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development may be compelled to
de-list the inefficient ones, adding that its Department saddled with the
responsibility of monitoring the activities of Co-operative Societies would step
up its regulatory functions in a bid to ensure that Co-operatives perform
optimally.

He said: "There are about 125,000 Co-operative Societies in Nigeria. We have the
particulars of all Co-operatives. If we look at their performances, we will
certainly know those of them that are not performing. So our target is to
encourage them to be up and doing.

"There are a lot of people who answer Co-operatives only in name. They are only
moving around looking for patronages. We think that any Cooperative must have a
business or activity. We are going to step up our regulatory functions to ensure
that Cooperatives are actually functioning."

Also speaking, the Deputy National Coordinator of RUFIN, Mrs. Uneku Ufaruna,
observed that prior to the introduction of FGN/IFAD programme in Nigeria, that
access of the rural poor to formal financial services was almost non-existent.
Ufaruna explained that the initial take off grants from IFAD was $27.2 million
for the project which spans for seven years, adding that the implementation of
the Federal Government/IFAD project has entered into the fifth year with
impressive results. She noted that the programme main objective was to build
rural institutions and enhance access of the rural poor to rural financial
services in the selected 36 local government areas in the 12 pilot states in
Nigeria.

She also added that the implementation of the programme was also intended to
empower the down-trodden in the rural areas to enable them to carry out
agricultural activities and macro-economic activities that would assist them to
improve their livelihoods.

Ufaruna noted that following the intervention of FG/IFAD programme in Nigeria
that many rural folks from 36 selected local government areas in the 12 RUFIN
pilot states have been formed into groups or Cooperatives for easy co-ordination
and capacity building. She explained that the capacities of the beneficiaries
have been enhanced, as they have been linked to micro finance institutions to
enable them to obtain credit facilities. The Co-operatives, she added would in
turn lend to their members without collaterals.

Ufaruna, who is also an expert in Monitoring and Evaluation, revealed that in
2011, that RUFIN was able to facilitate about N47million as credit to the rural
poor, adding that as of June 2014, access of the poor to rural financial
services has increased to over N6billion.Aside, the savings and credit scheme
which these Co-operatives have equally adopted in facilitating credits to their
members have increased tremendously. She further disclosed that at the inception
of the programme in the rural areas, that credit and savings was at its lowest
ebb, adding that it has also increased to over N4billion in all the 36
participating local government areas. She noted that over 3,000 rural poor have
been lifted from abject poverty as a result of the programme.

The 12 pilot States in the programme, according to her, include Adamawa,
Anambra, Akwa Ibom, Bauchi, Benue, Edo, Imo, Katsina, Lagos, Nasarawa, Oyo and
Zamfara. She gave a graphic case of a community in Katsina State where majority
of the women sell baked groundnut popularly called "Kwilikwili" with a total
capital of less N5,000 per person. According to her, those women were formed
into groups, trained and linked to the sources of financial services where they
were able to obtain credit. As of last year's RUFIN visit to the community, she
said each of the women had been able to access about N80, 000 credit from micro
finance institutions. These were women who initially had less than N5, 000 as
working capital.

This development, she observed has changed the fortunes of these women who
hitherto, lived in penury. She attested that many of these women have become
bread winners in their homes as their livelihoods have dramatically improved.

To sustain this laudable programme, Ufaruna appealed to the participating RUFIN
states to pay their counter-part funding regularly, adding that some of the
States have been defaulting in the payment of counter-part funding. This ugly
development, she said, constitutes as a hindrance in the implementation of the
Programme. She noted that once people have access to funding, that their living
conditions would definitely improve.

Analysts have posited that Co-operatives could serve as engine rooms and
catalysts for rural transformation if properly-organised and well- managed.
Apart from the fact that they are owned and operated at the grassroots,
Co-operative societies assist in the training of their members to be financial
intelligent and prudent in the management of scare resources.

In this regard, registered co-operatives need to be strengthened and
re-positioned by the government for efficient service delivery to the people in
the rural areas. The brief -case Co-operative societies, just like
non-governmental organisations, must be sanctioned and de-registered by the
relevant authorities.

In addition, Co-operative societies need to have clearly defined mandates and
guidelines to operate. In other words, the cooperatives that are
agricultural-based should be given specific targets in any of the food value
chains. According to Director of Department of Cooperatives, the registered
Cooperatives that are into agriculture are about 85 per cent of the total number
of Cooperatives in the country.

His words: "If we are able to get it right for them to function, definitely, in
some of our agricultural systems, we will get them right." He noted that some of
the agriculture-based Co-operatives have been linked to the value-chain
activities of the ministry, as some of them are actively participating and
benefitting from the Growth Enhancement Support (GES) Scheme of the present
administration under the Agricultural Transformation Agenda. Some of the
Cooperatives, he said, are also agro-dealers, as they contribute significantly
to the food security of the country. As a result, they could assist in
addressing pervasive rural poverty in Nigeria.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                                August 11, 2013
                                   E1 Edition

KZN crafters vague on Luminance deal benefits

BYLINE:  Amanda Sapo

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 467 words


Rural women from Gauteng and KwaZulu-Natal will benefit from the National
Empowerment Fund's (NEF) R34.5 million loan to media mogul Khanyi Dhlomo for her
high-end boutique, Luminance, and will receive a 10 percent share of profits.

The new boutique, owned by Dhlomo's Ndalo Luxury Ventures, is in Hyde Park,
Sandton. It stocks luxury brands that have previously been unavailable in South
Africa. The boutique will also stock crafts produced by rural women in Gauteng
and KwaZulu-Natal.

KZN crafters who will benefit are Vukani Arts & Crafts and Nkosimbeke, from
Nongoma, Ababumbi and Zan Zan DÃ©cor, Pieter-maritzburg, and Simunye Hand Crafts
and Jewellery from Kwa-Nyuswa.

Although there has been controversy over the amount of the loan and the fact
that it is for a luxury boutique selling imported goods, the crafters, from
impoverished communities, are happy to be involved, although they have yet to
learn exactly how they will benefit.

"Initially we were told about the percentage, but nothing has been explained,"
said Thandiwe Ntuli, 48, of Ababumbi Arts and Ceramics Co-operative. It has two
full-time members, Ntuli and Jabulani Mahlabini, who make clay pots, sculptures
and ceramic platters.

They operate from a back room at the Winston Churchill Theatre provided by
Msunduzi Municipality. They have no running water and one electric socket.

"There are eight of us, but because there is no work and no salaries, the rest
of the members stay at home."

Ntuli and Mahlabini rely on their crafts to bring in an income, which is
spasmodic, and now they have run out of materials to make their products. "We
don't have the funds to buy them. Even if Khanyi placed an order today, we
wouldn't be able to deliver," said a despairing Ntuli.

Ntuli, a mother of two, lives at home with her mother and six nephews and
nieces. The household survives on her mother's grant money and her income.

The co-operative met Dhlomo through the KwaZulu-Natal Economic Development
Department.

"One day three representatives from Luminance and one from Economic Development
came to see our work. They liked it and told us about a shop opening in Joburg.
They called us to a meeting in Durban where Dhlomo was present and told us they
would call if they wanted to order. A week later they ordered two traditional
pots for R1 200, but we haven't heard from them since.

"We are puzzled how this will work, but we are happy with the purchases she's
made and hope she orders more," said Ntuli, who added that no contracts had been
signed.

NEF spokesperson Moemise Motsepe said the co-operatives would benefit by being
exposed to international markets that they wouldn't normally have access to,
that some of the groups had been to Chicago to exhibit their work, and local
companies had expressed an interest in buying their products.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            October 12, 2010 Tuesday

USDA Rural Development reports record financing

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 597 words


ALBUQUERQUE - Marking the end of the federal fiscal year, USDA Rural Development
State Director Terry Brunner announced his agency provided an infusion of more
than $384.5 million into New Mexico's economy in FY-2010.

Rural Development, a mission area of the United States Department of
Agriculture, provided financial support for the construction and expansion of
businesses, communication systems, electric systems, homes, water and wastewater
projects and other essential public facilities projects throughout rural New
Mexico in fiscal year 2010.

In making the announcement, Brunner said, "Much of the funding that was
obligated in FY-2010 came from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
(ARRA)." Brunner added, "Those funds combined with our regular funding increased
economic opportunity and improved the quality of life throughout rural New
Mexico, even in these different economic times."

Brunner's comments came during a news conference that was held at the USDA Rural
Development's state office in Albuquerque earlier today.

During the news conference Brunner mentioned that in most years loan and grant
programs administered by USDA Rural Development in New Mexico average about $120
million in business. However, in FY-2009 the ARRA funding boosted the total
obligation to $354 million. Combined with this year's obligations of $384.5
million, USDA Rural Development has spent almost three quarters of a billion
dollars in projects since the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act was signed
into law on February 17, 2009 by President Obama.

The breakdown of funding by each of USDA Rural Development's programs for
FY-2010 is as follows:

The rural business programs made available $11.6 million for 20 separate
business projects which created or saved 195 estimated jobs.

11,406 individuals received support home loans and grants and other programs for
a total of $79.3 million in FY-2010 through Rural Development's rural housing
program. The housing program used $7.7 million in ARRA funds for FY-2010.

Water and Environmental Programs supported 27 water and wastewater projects with
$54.2 million in FY-2010, which provided clean safe water and sewer service to
thousands of rural New Mexicans. $5.9 million came from ARRA funds assigned to
New Mexico for the Water and Environment Program.

The community facility program provided 14 projects with funds to purchase new
firefighting equipment, build day care centers, community centers, and pay for
the purchase of police cars for a total of $7.1 million with $4.8 million funded
by ARRA financing.

The Rural Utilities Service electric program funded six electric projects for a
total of $198.8 million to upgrade and expand electric service throughout rural
New Mexico. Of this number $63.8 came from ARRA funding for a broadband project
obligated to Kit Carson Electric Cooperative in Taos, New Mexico.

The Rural Utilities Service telecommunications program in rural New Mexico
provided $33.1 million, which funded 7 projects. The funding paid for expanded
broadband and other communication projects in the state affecting thousands of
rural New Mexicans.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents. Rural Development fosters growth in
homeownership, finances business development, and supports the creation of
critical community and technology infrastructure. Further information on rural
programs is available at any local USDA Rural Development office or by visiting
USDA Rural Development's web site at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Terry Brunner, State Director for the USDA Rural Development, addresses
an audience during a press conference touting record financing by the state
group.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2010 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 3, 2016 Friday

Kramer taking over NDAREC job

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 234 words


Josh Kramer, Bismarck, has been named executive vice president and general
manager of the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives, Mandan,
effective July 1.

Kramer replaces Dennis Hill, who is retiring after 34 years at NDAREC.

"Kramer brings a wealth of experience to this position," said Robert Grant,
president of NDAREC, in a statement "He is uniquely qualified to lead the
electric cooperative movement in an ever-changing utility environment. His
experience, enthusiasm, values and philosophy matched perfectly with the
leadership skills NDAREC was looking for in our next leader."

Kramer most recently was the deputy state director for USDA Rural Development,
which he joined in 2010.

Earlier he worked for the North Dakota Farmers Union. He has also served on the
board of directors for Capital Electric Cooperative, Bismarck.

"It was my experience with cooperatives that inspired me to pursue a career
dedicated to service, and I plan to continue that commitment with the RECs,"
Kramer said in a statement.

A veteran of the N.D. Army National Guard, Kramer was deployed to Afghanistan in
2006 in support of Operation Enduring Freedom.

Kramer was raised on an Emmons County dairy farm and holds a bachelor's degree
in business communications and a master's degree in business administration from
the University of Mary.

Kramer and his wife, Sarah, live in Bismarck with their five children.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 21, 2017

                   Delaware County Electric Cooperative, Inc.

                                 39 Elm Street
                                  Delhi 13753
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


USDA Announces Funding Of Around $1.95 Billion To Improve Electric Service In
Rural Communities Across US

   Oct 11, 2012

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding to modernize and
improve the efficiency of rural electric generation and transmission systems.
The announcement includes additional support of $134m in smart grid
technologies. The $1.95 billion in loan guarantees announced are provided by
USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service.The funding helps electric
utilities upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's electric
infrastructure. The agency also funds energy conservation and renewable energy
projects.Tom Vilsack, agriculture secretary at USDA, said, USDA and the Obama
administration continue to make key investments in rural electric cooperatives
that will modernize service and improve reliability for rural businesses and
residential customer. Today's announcement also includes funding that will
enable rural electric cooperatives and utilities to adopt smart grid
technologies in their operation as part of the ongoing efforts to modernize
rural America's electric grid. The following is a list of rural utilities that
will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting the
terms of the loan agreement. South Alabama Electric Cooperative will receive
$17,800,000 that will be used to build and improve 144 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $125,000 in
smart grid projects. Arkansas Electric Cooperative Corporation will receive
$245,000,000 that will be used to acquire Hot Spring Generating Facility, a 660
MW natural gas-fired, combined-cycle electric generating plant. The funding also
covers communities in Louisiana, Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas. Kirkwood Meadows
Public Utility District will receive $50,000,000 that will be used to build or
improve 40 miles of distribution and transmission line and make other system
improvements in California. The loan guarantee includes $200,000 in smart grid
projects. Eagle Valley Clean Energy, LLC will receive $40,000,000 that will be
used to partially finance a renewable generating plant with a capacity of 11.5
MW in Colorado. The plant will utilize wood biomass for fuel. Green Energy Team,
LLC will receive $72,883,000 that will be used to partially finance a renewable
generating plant with a capacity of 7.5 MW in Hawaii. The plant will utilize
wood biomass for fuel. Southern Iowa Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$10,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 106 miles of distribution
line and make other system improvements. The loan guarantee includes $135,000 in
smart grid projects and $2,043,387 for storm damage projects. SMECO Solar, LLC
will receive $14,565,000 that will be used to finance the construction of the
Herbert Farm Solar Project, a 5.5 MW renewable solar-powered generating facility
in Maryland. Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive
$87,160,000 that will be used to build 37 miles of transmission line and make
other system improvements. Federated Rural Electric Association will receive
$6,700,000 that will used to build and improve 76 miles of distribution line and
make other system improvements in Minnesota and Iowa. The loan guarantee
includes $1,542,000 in smart grid projects. South Mississippi Electric Power
Association will also receive $480,000,000 that will be used to finance a 15%
share of the Kemper County Integrated Gasification combined cycle project. South
Mississippi Electric Power Association will receive $90,863,000 that will be
used to build seven miles of transmission line and four new substations and make
communications upgrades. The loan amount includes $67,228,000 in smart grid
projects. KAMO Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $154,600,000 that will be
used to finance 116 miles of new transmission line, two substations and make
other system improvements in Missouri and Oklahoma. The loan amount includes
$32,120,980 in smart grid projects. KBR Rural Public Power District will receive
$13,314,000 that will be used to build and improve 129 miles of distribution
line and nine miles of transmission line, and make other system improvements in
Nebraska . The loan amount includes $791,475 in smart grid projects. Otero
County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $30,886,000 that will be used to
build and improve 200 miles of distribution line and 10 miles of transmission
line, and make other system improvements in New Mexico. The loan amount includes
$345,000 in smart grid projects. Central Valley Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $44,973,000 that will be used to build and improve 589 miles of
distribution line and 30 miles of transmission line, and make other system
improvements in New Mexico. Delaware County Electric Cooperative, Inc. will
receive $5,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 53 miles of
distribution line, two substations and make other system improvements in New
York. The loan amount includes $50,660 in smart grid projects. Minnkota Power
Cooperative, Inc. will receive $308,700,000 that will be used to build 260 miles
of transmission line in North Dakota and Minnesota. The loan amount includes
$2,800,000 in smart grid projects. Mountrail-Williams Electric Cooperative will
receive $54,000,000 that will be used to build and improve 520 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements in North Dakota and
Montana. The loan amount includes $659,800 in smart grid projects. Firelands
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $4,800,000 that will be used to build
and improve 43 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Ohio. The loan amount includes $1,122,000 in smart grid projects.Midwest
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $9,000,000 that will be used to build
and improve 115 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Ohio. The loan amount includes $288,900 in smart grid projects. San Patrico
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $16,853,000 that will be used to build
and improve 202 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements
in Texas. The loan amount includes $2,157,754 in smart grid projects. East Texas
Electric Cooperative, Inc. will receive $151,000,000 that will be used to
finance a 50 MW renewable generating plant. The plant will use wood biomass for
fuel. Orcas Power and Light Cooperative will receive $38,402,000 that will be
used to build and improve 109 miles of distribution line, and make other system
improvements in Washington. The loan amount includes $24,296,000 in smart grid
projects. Wyrulec Company will receive $4,887,000 that will be used to build and
improve 85 miles of distribution line, and make other system improvements in
Wyoming and Nebraska. The loan amount includes $155,700 in smart grid projects.


Electric Co-ops Launch Nationwide Smart Grid Demonstration Project

   Aug 03, 2010

   With the final approval of a $33.9 million matching grant to the National
Rural Electric Cooperative Association from the Department of Energy, 19
electric cooperatives now embark on a unique, nationwide demonstration project
deploying more than 153,000 smart grid components across the country to test the
value of the new technologies for cooperative consumer members.Authorized by the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, the smart grid research grants, together
with the $3.4 billion in smart grid investment grants, are part of a federal
initiative to identify and develop new and more effective smart grid
technologies.Glenn English, CEO of NRECA, said: Cooperatives lead the industry
in the deployment of smart meter infrastructure and can help drive the effort to
modernize the nation's electrical system using new technologies. Our
cooperatives will be evaluating how and whether these technologies can assist
them in their mission to provide safe, reliable and affordable electric power to
their member-consumers, English said. Electric distribution cooperatives, which
range in size from a few hundred to more than 200,000 meters, will evaluate
potential benefits of new technologies that could help increase operational
efficiencies and improve service. On the other side of the meter, co-ops will
also test new programs that help consumers manage electric bills. According to
the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), cooperatives' advanced metering
penetration increased from 3.8% in 2006 to 16.4% in 2008 â[#x20ac]" well above
the industry as a whole. According to research conducted by NRECA, approximately
half of cooperatives have installed at least some advanced metering
infrastructure (AMI) on their systems, and some 30% of cooperatives have begun
to integrate their AMI with other systems on their grid. The cooperatives'
demonstration project represents the first opportunity to conduct a nationwide
pilot extending and testing end-to-end connectivity â[#x20ac]" from the power
plant to the consumer's home â[#x20ac]" and interoperability using MultiSpeak, a
specification developed by NRECA through the MultiSpeak Initiative. This project
will extend the MultiSpeak specification to new functions and applications and
include cybersecurity in the testing process. Cyber security consultants SAIC
and Cigital will work with the cooperatives to explore security issues
surrounding enhanced interoperability and connectivity. Participating
cooperatives: Adams Electric CooperativeAdams-Columbia Electric
CooperativeClarke Electric Cooperative, Inc.Consumers EnergyCorn Belt Power
CooperativeCalhoun County Electric Cooperative AssociationHumboldt County Rural
Electric CooperativeIowa Lakes Electric CooperativePrairie Energy
CooperativeDelaware County Electric Co-opFlint EMCKaua'i Island Utility
CooperativeMenard Electric CooperativeNew Hampshire Electric CooperativeOwen
Electric Cooperative, Inc.Salt River Electric CooperativeSnapping Shoals
EMCUnited REMCWashington-St. Tammany Electric Cooperative
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Key Operational Employees
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                              660 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 10, 2013

USDA funds more than $20 million for Smart Grid Projects, including projects in
Hidalgo County

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 832  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack this week announced funding for four rural
electric projects in eight states to provide reliable, affordable electricity
for rural residents. USDA remains focused on carrying out its mission, despite a
time of significant budget uncertainty. Today's announcement is one part of the
Department's efforts to strengthen the rural economy. Vilsack made the
announcement during the legislative conference of the National Rural Electric
Cooperative Association in Washington.

"Next month, USDA's Rural Utilities Service will celebrate 78 years of serving
rural America and today's announcement adds to that impressive history," Vilsack
said. "Working with our partners, the Obama Administration and USDA will
continue to support projects - like those announced today - that strengthen our
rural electric grid and increase overall efficiency."

USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner added, "Since coming to
office President Obama has taken historic action to build thriving economies and
improve the quality of life in rural areas. By upgrading and modernizing
critical electric infrastructure we expand opportunities for rural economic
growth."

These are the latest rural of the approximately 650 rural electric utility
projects funded since 2009 that help provide reliable, affordable electricity to
rural areas. Vilsack said that these projects benefit an average of 8.6 million
rural electric consumers annually. Smart grid technology, he said, is another
tool to increase efficiency and reliability of the rural electric system. Since
2011, rural electric cooperatives have used USDA funding to invest nearly $500
million in smart grid improvements, providing for more strategic management of
the rural electric system. Since 2009, USDA has funded over $834 million in
renewable energy projects.

This week's announcement includes more than $126 million in loans to upgrade
rural electric infrastructure, including more than $20 million in smart grid
funding. Since 2011, USDA has supported smart grid investments totaling nearly
$500 million. The funding announced today will help finance the construction of
more than 800 miles of new or improved electric line.

One of the rural electric cooperatives that will receive funding is Colorado's
Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc., which serves 44
consumer-owned distribution cooperatives. It is receiving a $73 million loan to
upgrade generation and transmission facilities, improve 50 miles of transmission
line and build a substation. The loan amount includes more than $18 million for
smart grid projects.

Electric co-operatives served by Tri-State in New Mexico will benefit from the
upgrades and modification of the electric grid. The counties or parts of the
counties to benefit from the financial support include: Bernalillo, Catron,
Chaves, Cibola, Colfax, De Baca, Grant, Guadalupe, Harding, Hidalgo, Lincoln,
Luna, McKinley, Mora, Otero, Rio Arriba, Sandoval, San Juan, San Miguel, Santa
Fe, Sierra, Socorro, Taos, Torrance, Union, and Valencia.

The other electric loan affecting New Mexico counties was made to Rio Grande
Electric Cooperative based out of Brackettville, Texas. The $20.9 million dollar
loan will see the construction of new distribution line, other system
improvements and smart grid projects. The two counties in New Mexico that will
benefit from these upgrades include Eddy and Otero and eighteen other counties
in Texas.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Tom Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people,
even as USDA implements sequestration - the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act. USDA has already undertaken
historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $700 million in taxpayer funds
through targeted, common-sense budget reductions. These reductions have put USDA
in a better position to carry out its mission, while implementing sequester
budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as little disruption as possible.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Hidalgo County Herald


                              661 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 3, 2017 Friday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Federal Support for Rural Electric Cooperatives

LENGTH: 291  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp announced $80 million in federal loans to support
the improvement and construction of electrical systems for rural North Dakota.





 "Support for the basic infrastructure of our rural communities is vital to
supporting families and economic growth of small towns throughout North Dakota,"
said Heitkamp. "Our electrical grid is critically important to the safety,
growth, and communications of small towns and this federal support will help two
of North Dakota's electric cooperatives make the improvements to invest in North
Dakota rural residents."



 The federal loans will be distributed as follows:



     Roughrider Electric Cooperative, Inc., Dickinson & Hazen - $68 million in
federal loans have been approved to build and improve over 450 miles of system
lines, with $288,000 of this federal loan dedicated to smart grid
infrastructure. Additionally, improvements made through this project by
Roughrider Electric will benefit Native American communities on the Fort
Berthold Reservation.



     Kem Electric Cooperative, Linton - $12,015,000 in federal loans have been
approved to build and improve 130 miles of system lines, with over $1.2 million
of this federal loan dedicated to smart grid infrastructure.



 These federal funds are made available through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Utility Service's Electric Program. This program provides
loans and grants to rural utilities for the purpose of making improvements,
replacements, and construction of electrical infrastructure for rural America.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             May 24, 2014 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Coalition loses $85m in slashing CRC spend

BYLINE: Matthew Cranston

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 562 words


The federal government has scuttled a potential $85 million in funding from
major corporations such as Anthony Pratt's Visy Industries and Coles by
scrapping research grants.

The companies were planning to give up to $85 million for research into
productivity improvements in agricultural before the Coalition scrapped matching
funding in the budget.

Co-operative Research Centres took an $80 million cut in the budget and the 17th
CRC Program selection round, where different groups bid for government funding,
was scrapped.

CRCs work by pooling private sector research money and matching every $1 of
federal funding with $3 of private sector funding.

One of the contenders for $25 million in government funding was the "Safe and
Saved" proposal where corporations such as Visy Industries, Coles and Amcor had
agreed "in-principle" to provide either multimillion-dollar cash or in-kind
investments over seven years. The research involved several universities and
would have focused on cutting food and raw material waste as well as improving
industry productivity throughout the food supply chain.

Visy Industries chairman and chief executive Anthony Pratt has been vocal about
the need to invest in the agricultural supply chain. He told media in April that
the research was vital.

"When it comes to advanced skills ... Australia lags in attracting students to
agricultural science, research in food production and supply chains, new
technologies, and productive land-management skills," Mr Pratt said.

He said he was convinced that such investment would deliver a "significant boost
in food and fibre production".

The government has defended its position, saying it will provide an additional
$100 million over four years to fund research in partnership with Rural Research
and Development Corporations. However, it has been careful to ensure it is not
seen as providing too much assistance to any industry, and has cut a further $16
million by reducing funding to the Rural Industries Research and Development
Corporation and the Fisheries Resources Research Fund Program, as well as
abolishing an Australian food branding program.

Its decision to scrap the CRC funding is seen as deterring private sector
investment. Co-operative Research Centres Association chief executive Tony
Peacock said the CRC funding cuts contradicted the government's focus on trying
to attract private sector capital into agriculture.

"This is the equivalent of stopping the Melbourne Cup at the 1800 metres mark
and saying, 'Sorry there is no prize money,'" Mr Peacock said.

"When you have corporations like Coles and Visy on board it's not like you can
come back to them and say, 'Hey you know that thing we were going to do 12
months ago - do you want to start that up again?'"

Former CSIRO chair and Telstra chairman Catherine Livingstone said on Friday the
government had to be strategic about where it placed money.

"The medical research fund is a laudable intent but again you need investment
across the spectrum,"she said.

She said when she worked for the company that ultimately created the successful
Cochlear business a government grant had been awarded, but that; "no doubt in
today's environment such a grant would be characterised as welfare".

Key points Industry boss says agricultural research vital to boosting economy.
Private funding would have paid $3 for every $1 of government spending.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Eagle Times, Claremont, New Hampshire

                            August 2, 2005, Tuesday

Food co-op closes as search for new home continues

BYLINE: By Dan Bustard

LENGTH: 730 words



SPRINGFIELD -- The usually well stocked shelves are getting more barren at the
Springfield Food Co-op.

As the final goods are taken away by fellow co-ops and local businesses, co-op
officials say they will find a new home and start work on reopening before the
end of the year.

Standing inside the store that officially closed on Sunday, co-op General
Manager Sharon Mueller said progress is being made toward finding a new, larger
home, with a few sites in mind and new equipment already being purchased.

However, the move will be much more costly than co-op President Susan Dunning
had expected.

"It will be five times more than I thought," said Dunning without being more
specific, adding that other board members had more "realistic" numbers in mind.

The co-op was informed shortly before its annual meeting in May the owner of the
Chester Road building it used as a home for a dozen years plans to expand the
tire business next door. An Aug. 15 deadline could not be met despite efforts to
do so, and the doors are now closed and could remain so for a few months.

"We have a couple of possibilities," Dunning said about the co-op's new home.

Dunning is waiting to hear if the co-op will be successful in obtaining a grant
-loan package with the US Department of Agriculture's Rural Development program
to help fund the next stage of the co-op's development.

Expansion has been considered for some time. Mueller said the new home will
likely be at least 1,000 square feet larger than the store the co-op is leaving,
with several cash registers and shopping carts already purchased along with a
five-door 16-foot walk in cooler from the Wild Oats co-op in Williamstown, Mass.

Help is coming from different places. When Assistant Manager Ron Hoffman and
co-op board member Richard Pease-Grant returned from Wild Oats through
Greenfield, Mass., they stopped at the local co-op there and picked up equipment
from its basement.

Local officials are lending a hand as well. Springfield Regional Development
Corp. Executive Director Bob Flint, the former head of the Springfield Regional
Chamber of Commerce, said he has worked with the co-op and will continue to help
the search for a new home as much as he can.

The co-op board, elected in May, has been working hard but simply could not meet
the Aug. 15 deadline. The store closed on Sunday in order to allow two weeks to
remove everything by the deadline.

Mueller said the co-op has been completely successful in selling down its
inventory. Remaining goods will be taken by the co-op in Brattleboro.

"We have a guarantee we won't have anything left," she said.

This will include two coolers being donated to the Springfield Family Center.

Many in the community are following the co-op's progress as best they can.

Between 250 and 300 people have signed up to receive updates by e-mail.

Mueller promised to keep the community informed whenever new developments occur.

Looking toward a new, bigger Springfield Food Co-op started a year ago. A grant
awarded in 2004 helped the co-op perform a study and survey its members, most of
whom prefer finding new quarters elsewhere to expanding at the present location.
The $ 25,000 grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
program was used to hire the Cooperative Development Institute to perform the
study.

The co-op started in November 1992, and its sales have more than doubled,
pushing the limits of its location. The co-op started by emphasizing natural
foods not available in the area, and organic foods. Now with bulk buying,
showing off local and regional products, offering health products and a very
popular produce section, a search for more space may soon take place.

"There appears to be sufficient market opportunity in the Springfield Food
Co-op's primary market area, comprised of the towns of Springfield (including
North Springfield), Chester, and Weathersfield (including Perkinsville and
Weathersfield Bow), to support expansion of the co-op," the institute report
reads. "Sales could double and not exceed demand."


-----


Copyright (c) 2005, Eagle Times, Claremont, N.H.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: EA-FOOD-CO-OP-20050802

JOURNAL-CODE: EA

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
              Copyright 2005 Eagle Times, Claremont, New Hampshire


                              664 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                           November 24, 2016 Thursday

Government asks NABARD to disburse Rs. 21,000 crore to farmers

LENGTH: 449 words

DATELINE: NEW DELHI


NEW DELHI, Nov. 24 -- Government has allowed NABARD to disburse Rs. 21,000 crore
to cash-starved farmers, helping them sow winter crops like wheat ahead of the
sowing season, Economic Affairs Secretary Shaktikanta Das said today.

The government's demonetisation move, which swept away 86 per cent of currency
in circulation, has badly hit farmers leaving them without cash just ahead of
the sowing season.

Das said the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) will
disburse the money to farm cooperatives for onward payments to farmers.

"NABARD, for the facility of agricultural operations in the current rabi season
and especially for the benefit of farmers, has sanctioned a special limit of Rs.
21,000 crore to district central cooperative banks," he told reporters in New
Delhi.

More than 40 per cent small and marginal farmers get crop loans from cooperative
institutions, he said.

The move is aimed at easing liquidity crisis facing farmers who were left with
very little cash to buy seeds and fertilizers for winter crops due to
restrictions placed on bank withdrawals post demonetisation.

This has threatened crop production in a year that came after two successive
years of drought.

Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had yesterday relaxed rules on loans to farmers,
allowing NABARD to disburse up to Rs. 23,000 crore to district cooperative banks
for crop loans.

Das said that out of the total agriculture credit, institutional credit meets
more than 40 per cent of the requirement of small and marginal farmers.

"So the sanction of Rs. 21,000 crore to the district central cooperative banks
(DCCBs) will enable them to pass on or grant funds to the primary agriculture
cooperatives. This will then help in meeting crop loan requirements of farmers
in Rabi season," he said.

This, he said, will help in smooth flow of credit for farmers to enable them to
undertake rabi requirements.

"Over and above this Rs. 21,000 limit, as and when the additional limits are
required, they will also be sanctioned by NABARD," he said.

To ensure farmers get credit in cash, the government has advised NABARD, RBI and
banks to make the required cash available.

Banks have been asked to ensure the district cooperative banks and regional
rural banks, which provide loans to several farmers' cooperatives, get
sufficient cash.

"DCCBs will get their cash from currency chests of banks and state cooperatives.
NABARD has created list of DCCBs and their list of requirements have been given
to banks," he said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Images. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             June 19, 2010 Saturday

PHILIPPINES: ADB Extends over $72 Million to Help Nepal Expand Credit Access to
Rural Poor

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, June 19 -- The Asian Development Bank (ADB) will provide $72 million in
further assistance to Nepal for an ongoing program aimed at helping poor and
isolated rural communities access credit and financial services, according to a
press release issued here.

The ADB Board of Directors today approved a loan of $60.4 million equivalent,
and a grant of $12.1 million, both from its concessional Asian Development Fund,
for the second phase of the Rural Finance Sector Development Cluster Program,
and for a related sector project.

Nepal is emerging from a decade-long period of conflict into a new phase of
reconciliation and rebuilding, and has made substantial headway in reducing
poverty. But in the countryside, including remote hill communities, poverty
rates remain high. A lack of access to affordable credit is a key factor holding
back development, as rural households are unable to access funds from the formal
sector, forcing them to tap informal sources such as money lenders who typically
charge high interest rates.

The cluster program aims to remove obstacles to credit access in rural
communities by carrying out institutional and policy changes designed to make
rural financial institutions more willing and able to provide credit and
services to those in need.

Under the second phase of the program, reforms in the Agricultural Development
Bank Ltd ? the country's largest commercial lender ? will be completed,
including a capital restructuring which will involve the entry of a private
strategic investor, marking the first major financial privatization in Nepal.
This will be complemented by reforms at the Small Farmers Development Bank with
the goal of increasing credit access to 20,000 more marginal farmers in remote
mountainous areas by 2012. Support will be given to develop and expand credit
information services for microfinance institutions and savings and credit
cooperatives, and to provide specialist skills training for financial
institutions.

"The policy and institutional reforms under this phase of the program will
transform key rural financial institutions into viable finance intermediaries
with a strong client orientation and pro-poor focus, while improving the
efficiency and outreach of semiformal institutions," said Mayumi Ozaki, Finance
Specialist, Rural and Microfinance, in ADB's South Asia Department.

The cluster program is targeting an increase in credit access to the rural poor
from 1 million accounts in 2008, to 1.17 million by 2012, and an increase in
women's access to finance from 200,000 accounts to 283,000 over the same period.

ADB's loan ? which will help cover adjustment costs related to the restructure
of key rural finance institutions ? has a 24-year term, including a grace period
of 8-years, with interest charged at 1% per annum during the grace period and
1.5% for the balance of the term. The grant will help fund a sector project to
develop a legal framework and regulatory authority to supervise and develop
capacity at rural finance institutions. An additional grant of $200,000 from
ADB's Technical Assistance Special Fund will provide capacity support to assist
Agricultural Development Bank's transformation.

The Ministry of Finance is the executing agency for the program, which is due
for completion around June 201 Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Right Vision News. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit
Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                              June 18, 2010 Friday

PHILIPPINES: ADB Extends over $72 Million to Help Nepal Expand Credit Access to
Rural Poor

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, June 18 -- The Asian Development Bank (ADB) will provide $72 million in
further assistance to Nepal for an ongoing program aimed at helping poor and
isolated rural communities access credit and financial services, according to a
press release issued here.

The ADB Board of Directors today approved a loan of $60.4 million equivalent,
and a grant of $12.1 million, both from its concessional Asian Development Fund,
for the second phase of the Rural Finance Sector Development Cluster Program,
and for a related sector project.

Nepal is emerging from a decade-long period of conflict into a new phase of
reconciliation and rebuilding, and has made substantial headway in reducing
poverty. But in the countryside, including remote hill communities, poverty
rates remain high. A lack of access to affordable credit is a key factor holding
back development, as rural households are unable to access funds from the formal
sector, forcing them to tap informal sources such as money lenders who typically
charge high interest rates.

The cluster program aims to remove obstacles to credit access in rural
communities by carrying out institutional and policy changes designed to make
rural financial institutions more willing and able to provide credit and
services to those in need.

Under the second phase of the program, reforms in the Agricultural Development
Bank Ltd ? the country's largest commercial lender ? will be completed,
including a capital restructuring which will involve the entry of a private
strategic investor, marking the first major financial privatization in Nepal.
This will be complemented by reforms at the Small Farmers Development Bank with
the goal of increasing credit access to 20,000 more marginal farmers in remote
mountainous areas by 2012. Support will be given to develop and expand credit
information services for microfinance institutions and savings and credit
cooperatives, and to provide specialist skills training for financial
institutions.

'The policy and institutional reforms under this phase of the program will
transform key rural financial institutions into viable finance intermediaries
with a strong client orientation and pro-poor focus, while improving the
efficiency and outreach of semiformal institutions,' said Mayumi Ozaki, Finance
Specialist, Rural and Microfinance, in ADB's South Asia Department.

The cluster program is targeting an increase in credit access to the rural poor
from 1 million accounts in 2008, to 1.17 million by 2012, and an increase in
women's access to finance from 200,000 accounts to 283,000 over the same period.

ADB's loan ? which will help cover adjustment costs related to the restructure
of key rural finance institutions ? has a 24-year term, including a grace period
of 8-years, with interest charged at 1% per annum during the grace period and
1.5% for the balance of the term. The grant will help fund a sector project to
develop a legal framework and regulatory authority to supervise and develop
capacity at rural finance institutions. An additional grant of $200,000 from
ADB's Technical Assistance Special Fund will provide capacity support to assist
Agricultural Development Bank's transformation.

The Ministry of Finance is the executing agency for the program, which is due
for completion around June 2012 Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit
Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 12, 2007 Friday

Langston University to receive funds for job, business growth

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 123  words


Langston University has been selected to receive a $100,000 federal grant to
provide management and technical assistance plans for rural and disadvantaged
business enterprises.

Langston was among 15 historically African-American land grant institutions in
14 states to receive $1.5 million in job creation and business promotion grants
from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development. The grants will be
used to help create new businesses, promote cooperatives and provide new
employment opportunities through Rural Development programs.

The university will work with Rural Development in Oklahoma to promote the
importance of purchasing and developing renewable energy systems for efficiency
improvements in agriculture production.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The News Today (Bangladesh.)

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

CLP plays vital role in eradicating 'monga'

LENGTH: 659  words


The Chars Livelihoods Programme (CLP) has played vital role in eradicating
'monga' through changing fortune of the extremely poor living in the remote char
areas on the Brahmaputra basin during the past eight years.

Under the comprehensive livelihoods programme, over 1.06 lakh have-nots group
landless and distressed families have achieved self- reliance so far bidding
permanent good-bye to the century-old seasonal 'monga' through eradicating
abject poverty.

Talking to BSS, Agriculture and Environment Coordinator of RDRS Bangladesh
Mamunur Rashid said the extremely poor char people lived in utter poverty for
decades together, but they are now moving towards sustainable uplift to lead
meaningful life.

The CLP has been working with the extremely poor households living on riverine
island chars to improve their livelihoods and has raised plinths for over one
lakh char families so far in the remote char areas since 2004 in ten
northwestern districts.

According to CLP sources, the UKaid through the Department for International
Development, Australian Government through Australian Agency for International
Development have been funding implementation of the most successful programme.

Under the sponsorship of the Ministry of Local Government, Rural Development and
Cooperatives, CLP is being executed by the Rural Development and Cooperatives
Division with the management through Maxwell Stamp Plc.

The programme is being implemented in collaboration with GO- NGOs on the chars
in Kurigram, Bogra, Gaibandha, Sirajganj, Jamalpur, Lalmonirhat, Nilphamari,
Rangpur, Pabna and Tangail districts.

According to officials, 900,000 people of 55,000 poorest households were
benefited under CLP phase-I during 2004-2010 and 50,974 more such households out
of 67,000 so far under phase-II (2010- 2016) to improve livelihoods of 1.9
million extremely poor char people by 2016.

Under the programme, plinths of the beneficiary families have been raised,
grants, assets, training and other assistances provided to make them
self-reliant through income generation activities to boost the char economy.

Talking to BSS, Jafar Ali, MP (Kurigram-2 constituency) said the CLP has helped
the char people in changing socio-economic condition and attaining
self-sufficiency through winning extreme poverty.

"Following huge economic uplift, 'monga' has been eradicated, standard of char
life improved, number of maternal and neonatal deaths and extent of malnutrition
of children, women and pregnant women reduced substantially in char areas," he
added.

Chilmari upazila chairman Shawkat Ali Sarker, Bir Bikram, and Taramon Bibi, Bir
Pratik, said CLP's plinth- raising programme has become effective to help the
char people in escaping floods and improving their livelihoods.

"The CLP has become very effective to ensure sanitation and pure drinking water,
reduce repression, child marriage, dowry, polygamy, superstitions and improve
family planning to reduce high population growth in char areas," they added.

Chairman Sohrab Hossain of Ostomirchar union on the Brahmaputra bed said the CLP
beneficiary families have access to healthcare, hygiene, education and nutrition
in char areas despite adverse impacts of the climate change.

Talking to BSS, CLP beneficiaries Soheli Begum, Kohinoor and Shyamoli Rani said
they have achieved economic success by sewing handloom garments, animal
husbandry, poultry, dairy, selling labours, homestead gardening, farming
vegetables and agri-activities.

Beneficiaries Rahela Begum, Kulsum, Shahera, Lalbanu, Halima, Rasheda, Minara,
Shabana, Julekha and Jharna Begum narrated how they have changed fortunes
through proper utilisation of the assistances they received under comprehensive
CLP activities.

They said their sons and daughters are now going to schools and living well
though their days were miserable without hopes in the past and narrated their
success stories of winning against poverty, hunger and illiteracy to lead
meaningful life.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The News Today
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Sherbrooke Record (Quebec)

                             August 5, 2014 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Memphremagog CLD supports home, community kitchen

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 199 words


The Memphremagog local development centre has awarded financial grants totalling
just over $30,000 to two regional social economy projects.

A budget of $25,000 was granted to Potton's Maison Soleil, a permanent residence
to house four adults with intellectual disabilities.

Officially launched last May, the estimated $600,000 project will create two
jobs, including one full-time position. The house should receive its first
occupants in September.

For its part, the Solidarity Coop in St-Étienne-de-Bolton received a $5,500
grant to fund a portion of the redevelopment of its kitchen in order to increase
capacity. The total bill for this work is estimated at $13,000.

Opened in the fall of 2011, the cooperative offers various services such as the
sale of groceries, catering, preparing meals to take home, and a bistro.

The president of the LDC, Magog Mayor Vicki May Hamm, says that these projects
will assist in the development of rural communities. "In the case of the Maison
Soleil, it promotes retention of individuals in their community to create a
living environment, while at the Co-op, we offer outreach services to the
population. These initiatives therefore need to be applauded warmly."

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Sherbrooke Record
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 5, 2008 Wednesday

Rogers State University in Claremore establishes biofuels assistance center

BYLINE: David Page

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 385  words


Rogers State University has established a new center to help entrepreneurs and
agriculture producers develop biofuel businesses in northeast Oklahoma.

The Biofuels Assistance Center will be part of the RSU Innovation Center on the
Claremore campus.

"Helping entrepreneurs develop renewable energy sources is another way to
positively impact the rural economy of northeastern Oklahoma," said Ray Brown,
RSU vice president for economic and community development.

Rogers State received a $51,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture grant to
establish the biofuels center. The Rural Business Enterprise Grant was funded
through the Oklahoma Rural Business Cooperative Service. The USDA Rural
Development branch administers several federal grant programs, including
housing, utility, business and other initiatives to help build and strengthen
rural communities.

"Projects like this will help rural Oklahoma continue to find ways to add value
to the rich commodities we grow in our state," said Brent Kisling, Oklahoma
director of USDA Rural Development.

RSU's innovation center had worked with biofuel ventures on a limited basis
before receiving the grant, Brown said.

"We were approached by a couple of people in the community interested in
biofuels and we did some work for them," he said. "We realized we had the
capacity to do more so we submitted the grant proposal. "

Rogers State will provide assistance with feasibility studies, business plans
and marketing analysis for businesses seeking to produce biofuels, including
biodiesel and ethanol, Brown said.

 Assistance will also be provided for agricultural producers developing feed
stock for the production of biofuels and for farmers with plans to start their
own biofuels production and distribution businesses.

"This region is home to several agricultural products that are potential
feedstocks, including wheat, soybeans and sorghum,"  Brown said. "The
availability of these feedstocks plus the woody byproducts from timber mills,
old utility poles and railroad cross ties has created an increased interest in
developing biofuels. "

 Other potential biofuel sources include crop residues, yellow grease from
restaurants and chicken fat from poultry processors, Brown said.

"Our clients will be anyone interested in developing biofuels as a commercial
venture," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            November 3, 2008 Monday

Rogers State University in Oklahoma establishes biofuels assistance center

BYLINE: David Page

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 385  words


Rogers State University has established a new center to help entrepreneurs and
agriculture producers develop biofuel businesses in northeast Oklahoma.

The Biofuels Assistance Center will be part of the RSU Innovation Center on the
Claremore campus.

"Helping entrepreneurs develop renewable energy sources is another way to
positively impact the rural economy of northeastern Oklahoma," said Ray Brown,
RSU vice president for economic and community development.

Rogers State received a $51,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture grant to
establish the biofuels center. The Rural Business Enterprise Grant was funded
through the Oklahoma Rural Business Cooperative Service. The USDA Rural
Development branch administers several federal grant programs, including
housing, utility, business and other initiatives to help build and strengthen
rural communities.

"Projects like this will help rural Oklahoma continue to find ways to add value
to the rich commodities we grow in our state," said Brent Kisling, Oklahoma
director of USDA Rural Development.

RSU's innovation center had worked with biofuel ventures on a limited basis
before receiving the grant, Brown said.

"We were approached by a couple of people in the community interested in
biofuels and we did some work for them," he said. "We realized we had the
capacity to do more so we submitted the grant proposal. "

Rogers State will provide assistance with feasibility studies, business plans
and marketing analysis for businesses seeking to produce biofuels, including
biodiesel and ethanol, Brown said.

 Assistance will also be provided for agricultural producers developing feed
stock for the production of biofuels and for farmers with plans to start their
own biofuels production and distribution businesses.

"This region is home to several agricultural products that are potential
feedstocks, including wheat, soybeans and sorghum,"  Brown said. "The
availability of these feedstocks plus the woody byproducts from timber mills,
old utility poles and railroad cross ties has created an increased interest in
developing biofuels. "

 Other potential biofuel sources include crop residues, yellow grease from
restaurants and chicken fat from poultry processors, Brown said.

"Our clients will be anyone interested in developing biofuels as a commercial
venture," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       Basin Republican Rustler (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 16, 2014

Three primary donors help move fair facility along

BYLINE: Basin Republican Rustler staff

LENGTH: 743  words


The Big Horn County Fair Board voted at their meeting earlier this month to
honor major donors for the new multi-purpose indoor youth facility that they
hope to be ready for the 2015 fair. Three companies -- Big Horn Rural Electric,
Basin Electric and Granite Peak -- each donated $30,000 or more toward the
matching funding required for the $1.2 million project.

Board Treasurer Casey Sorenson said they have $244,000 committed with $229,000
required for the $500,000 Business Committed grant match from the Wyoming
Business Council. He said they have $198,800 collected. All funds must be
collected by Feb. 15, according to the deadline set by the WBC Board.

Sorenson and Board member Tim Flitner have also served as co-chairmen of the
fair board's building committee and wanted to recognize the large donors, Big
Horn Rural Electric donated $25,000 when the fundraising first started in 2012
and Basin Electric matched the amount. After hearing from Flitner in December
that they were still short by about $30,000, the Big Horn REA Board voted to
donate another $30,000 to help secure the funding.

Big Horn REA Board President Thomas Delaney said the donation from REA was made
through its unclaimed capital credit policy. Big Horn REA operates as a
cooperative and any excess margins or profits at the end of any year are
allocated back to the members in the form of capital credits. Capital credit
check refunds can become unclaimed by the check not being cashed or no current
deliverable address. If the refund is not claimed after two years, it is
declared unclaimed capital credit in accordance with state law. Unclaimed
capital credits are used to finance such things as education scholarships,
safety programs, first responder equipment and youth programs.

Delaney said, "Big Horn REA really does want to be involved in and support our
communities. Our board believed a donation to the Big Horn County Fair
Multi-Purpose Building would not only benefit users at the Fair Complex, but
would exemplify Big Horn Rural Electric Company's commitment to community
projects as a local cooperative."

Basin Electric added another $15,000. Basin Electric Power Cooperative is a
generation and transmission power supplier located in North Dakota.

The two companies together have donated $95,000 toward the project and the fair
board have granted naming rights to the two companies.

Flitner praised the REA Board, "It takes a good board, a forward thinking board
that is community-minded and willing to make these projects work."

He added that the REA Board is similar to the Fair Board in its philosophy of
trying to leave the area better than they found it.

While Big Horn REA and Basin Electric have local ties, Granite Peak Development
LP does not have specific ties to Big Horn County, but does see the value in the
facility and donated $30,000. Granite Peak Development is Wyoming's largest full
service real estate development company with operations in Wyoming, North
Dakota, Colorado and Arizona.

CEO Rich Fairservis said his company "is thrilled to be able to assist the Big
Horn County Fair Board reach their vision to provide this important addition to
Big Horn County."

Fairservis became aware of the project through the Environmental Quality
Council, where he serves with Flitner. Flitner said, "He looks at Wyoming from a
holistic view." He said Fairservis is "a loyal Wyoming guy and feels this is a
good project and an opportunity to give back."

Sorenson and Flitner said, "Without those guys this project wouldn't have gotten
off the ground. It really allowed this to become a reality."

Other notable donors include all three local south Big Horn County banks -- Big
Horn Federal $5,000, Security State Bank $10,000, Bank of Greybull $5,000. J&E
Irrigation has donated $5,000.

The Big Horn County Livestock Sales Committee has donated $15,000 toward the
project. The funding comes from the commission the committee collects through
the sale, according to Sorenson and Flitner.

The Fair Board has designated $23,500 from its own budget toward the project.

Sorenson said the funds, in conjunction with the WBC grant, the Daniels Fund
grant and the consensus block grant will be used to design and construct the
130x180 foot facility. The preliminary design includes restrooms, a kitchen,
arena and some type of board room/meeting room with state-of-the art
communications.

He said they will continue to raise funds and seek additional grants to add to
the facility.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BAR

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2014 Basin Republican Rustler


                              673 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 526  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Proposed Collection; Comments Requested.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35),
this Notice announces the Rural Business-Cooperative Service intention to
request an extension for to a currently approved information collection for the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP).



 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by December 5, 2016 to be assured of
consideration.

 Additional Information or Comments



 Director, Specialty Programs Division, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-3226, Telephone (202) 720-1400,

 Supplementary Information



 Title: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program.



 OMB Number: 0570-0062.



 Expiration Date of Approval: February 28, 2017.



 Type of Request: Extension and revision of a currently approved information
collection.



 Abstract: The purpose of the RMAP program is to support the development and
ongoing success of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises. Direct loans
and grants are made to selected Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDOs).



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average 2 hours per response.



 Respondents: Nonprofits, Indian Tribes, and Public Institutions of Higher
Education.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 75.



 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 20.



 Estimated Number of Responses: 1506.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden Hours on Respondents: 3,254 hours.



 Comments are invited on: (1) Whether the proposed collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the Agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the
Agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of information
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to
enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be collected;
and (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those
who are to respond, including the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology. Comments may be sent to Jeanne Jacobs, Regulations and
Paperwork Management Branch, Support Services Division, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Rural Development, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 0742,
Washington, DC 20250. All comments received will be available for public
inspection during regular business hours at the same address.



 All responses to this notice will be summarized and included in the request for
Office of Management and Budget approval. All comments will become a matter of
public record.

 Dated: September 28, 2016.

 Justin Hatmaker,

 Acting Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-23915 Filed 10-3-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                              May 16, 2006 Tuesday

Village's residents oppose 'shanty town'

SECTION: Pg. 23

LENGTH: 691 words


A westcountry MP has joined forces with concerned residents who fear the
beautiful South Hams countryside could become a thing of the past if an appeal
for a "shanty town" to be constructed is accepted.

Landmatters Co-operative is an organisation of 18 members living in fields,
which they bought three years ago, close to the hamlet of Allaleigh, near
Totnes.

Since receiving a Big Lottery grant of nearly £4,000 to establish a water source
on the site, the group is trying to obtain planning permission for a new
self-sustained community of nine residential and five storage units, plus areas
designated for agriculture, camping and parking.

The temporary five-year plans would change the use of the land from solely
agricultural to a holding, which includes farming, forestry, education and rural
enterprises.

There are several tented structures, supported with trunks and branches from the
surrounding woodland, which the group says are "temporary, low-impact
residential structures". The application plans to create 15 in total.

Although the plans were refused by South Hams District Council last month,
residents of Allaleigh are concerned that the appeal to the Secretary of State
may be accepted, due to the Government's desire to create more sustainable
enterprises. David Booth has collected signatures from all of the residents of
the hamlet of Allaleigh and has written to Anthony Steen, Conservative MP for
Totnes.

In his letter Mr Booth said: "In effect, (members of Landmatters Co-operative)
believe they are above and beyond the laws that govern other citizens of this
country.

"It may not be an exaggeration to say that the beautiful South Hams countryside
as we know it may become a thing of the past with shanty towns appearing in many
other parts of the region."

In spite of the residents and the members of Landmatters Co-operative getting on
well, the people of the hamlet fear that the development will double the size of
the population and their enterprises will bring increased traffic to the quiet,
narrow lanes.

Resident Sally Jaine said: "If they want to improve the environment they should
go and use a brownfield site rather than an Area of Great Landscape Value."

Members of the Landmatters Co-operative feel they have been misunderstood, as
they have spent years improving the state of the land, which was previously
overgrown, and wish to continue their work creating natural hedges and managing
the woodland and pastures.

In a letter to the South West Region Big Lottery Fund, Mr Steen expressed his
concerns that the grant, awarded to the Landmatters Co-operative to establish a
water source, is a misuse of public funds and he wants it to be withdrawn. He
said: "The water supply is not for the benefit of the community or any
established charity or voluntary organisation. While one has every sympathy for
people wanting to live outdoors, it is clearly not the purpose of the lottery to
provide such groups with a water supply," he said.

Mark Cotton, head of the South West Region Big Lottery Fund, was unavailable for
comment.

The group, who have named themselves "permaculturists", live by way of a system
of perennial agriculture, emphasising the use of renewable natural resources and
the enrichment of local eco-systems.

The plans put forward to South Hams District Council in February illustrated a
diverse selection of gardens, orchards, animal grazing pens, ponds, coppices,
paddocks, barns and several "low-impact structures" for storage and dwelling.

The application was refused by the council as it was deemed detrimental to the
environment, it would not benefit the local economy and the road network to the
site was inadequate.

Emma Landers from the Landmatters Co-operative said: "We are appealing for
temporary planning permission as we want to find out what works best for the
land. We have spent a long time observing the land and the wildlife and we don't
want anything on a big scale."

Group member Selena Merritt said: "Our application fulfils the 15 criteria set
out by the Government for sustainable developments, but local planning
application processes are dated and don't take these into consideration."

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Kashmir Observer

                           January 11, 2014 Saturday

NABARD initiates measures for promoting rural credit

LENGTH: 362  words


JAMMU- NABARD has initiated a slew of measures for improving rural credit and
rural infrastructure particularly warehousing as decided at the 198th meeting of
the Board of Directors chaired by Dr Harsh Kumar Bhanwala, Chairman, NABARD,
held atNew Delhi today.

The Board has approved the launch of three crop- specific Pilot Projects with
production and post-production interventions to be implemented through Primary
Agriculture Co-operative Society (PACS) business models for potato in Hooghly
district, West Bengal, tomato inKarnal district, Haryana, and onion in Nasik
district, Maharashtra. The total outlay for theprojects is Rs 37.20 crore,
comprising loan and grant support from NABARD of Rs 18.43 croreand Rs 2.43 crore
respectively and a subsidy support of Rs 16.34 crore from the
Central/StateGovernments.

NABARD has sanctioned 548 warehousing projects in seven states amounting to Rs
1,046 crore under the NABARD Warehousing Scheme (NWS). These projects on
completion willcreate an additional storage scientific space of 11.30 lakh MT
for agriculture commodities and also help in better price discovery for farmers.

As decided by its ALCO, NABARD has revised the rate of interest on refinance
providedto banks for investment credit with effect from January 7, 2014. The
refinance rate has beenreduced by 20 basis points, and the revised rate of
interest on refinance for a period of five yearsfor Commercial Banks, State
Cooperative Banks, Regional Rural Banks and Primary UrbanCooperative Banks will
be 9.70 percent. The revised rate of interest for refinance for a period ofthree
to five years will be 9.90 percent.

Further, banks drawing refinance of Rs 500 crore and more in a single drawal
will beallowed further reduction of 10 basis points, making the effective rate
9.60 percent and 9.80 percent respectively. However, for State Cooperative
Agriculture and Rural Development Banks (SCRDBs), 10 basis points reduction is
allowed for a single drawal of Rs 200 crore and above.

These measures are expected to give a boost to banks for extending investment
credit and creation of much-needed warehousing infrastructure for agricultural
commodities in the country.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Kashmir Observer, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 8, 1982 Tuesday

Oxfam America publishes study   Rulers blamed for Guatemalan violence

BYLINE: BEN BARBER; SPCL

LENGTH: 733 words

DATELINE: CAMBRIDGE, MA


By  BEN BARBER
                        Special to The Globe and Mail
     CAMBRIDGE, Mass.  - A study of violence in Guatemala released today by
 Oxfam America concludes that the Government and security forces in the
 Central American country are responsible for the continuing murder and
 torture of participants in literacy, health and agricultural programs.

"The Guatemalan Government's program of political violence is less an  attempt
to wipe out a guerrilla insurgency than an effort to suppress a  rural
development movement," concludes the study by the Boston-based  relief agency.

The study is based on personal responses to questionnaires from 115
 former U.S. Peace Corps volunteers, missionaries, scholars, development
 workers and journalists who spent an average of five years in Guatemala.
 Their identities were kept secret.
    "Under these conditions (of violence by the central Government), all
 teaching and co-operative work has become practically impossible," one of
 the respondents said. "The health workers themselves are afraid and they
 will not go out at night or visit homes. Many of them are in exile, dead
 or missing."
    A former Peace Corps volunteer said: "I think that many people are
 starting to side with the guerrillas because of the brutal methods which
 the Government has used to suppress dissent."
    Despite a change in government in March when General Efrain Rios Montt
 took power in a coup d'etat, "the recent repression in the west and north
 (since March) bears comparison with the worst excesses of the overthrown
 Lucas Garcia regime," according to a preface to the study by Regginald
 Norton, who was for five years Central American director of British Oxfam.

Ninety-five per cent of the respondents in the study reported they
 believe that "U.S. military aid cannot provide a solution to the violence"
 and "the overwhelming consensus . . . is that no military aid should be
 sent."
    The U.S. State Department proposed recently to grant Guatemala $4.3-
 million worth of military training funds and helicopter spare parts
 despite a ban on such aid set up by the Carter administration in 1977.

Rural development and co-operatives took root in Guatemala in the early
 1950s before a U.S. Central Intelligence Agency-sponsored coup in 1954. In
 the 1960s, President John Kennedy's Alliance for Progress and his Peace
 Corps also fuelled the growth of rural development.

In the chaos after the 1976 earthquake, the army began "counter-
 insurgency programs," imposing a virtual state of war in the countryside
 and murdering members of Catholic Action and co-operatives, the report
 says.
    "The earthquake tore open many holes in the social fabric, which had
 already been stretched thin," a respondent said. "The rich and those in
 power came out rich and the poor came out poorer."
    The report says: "A major finding of this study is that many
 Guatemalans involved in rural co-operatives, health, education and other
 development projects have been the targets of Government repression and
 violence. If there is any single conclusion to be drawn . . . it is that
 to be publicly active in rural social change in Guatemala is to risk being
 kidnapped, tortured and assassinated.
    "The national literacy program under the Lucas Garcia government was
 used to identify community leaders, note their names and activities and
 then assassinate them. Leaders of the co-operative movement, which was so
 heavily financed by U.S. AID (Agency for International Development) have
 been severely attacked by the previous governments.
    "The new (Montt) Guatemalan Government has provided no evidence that it
 is going to create a safe  environment for open political opposition, nor
 has it brought to trial any military officials involved in the previous
 government's repression."
    The study found "no indication" that leftist guerrillas terrorize and
 massacre civilians "as is frequently claimed by the Guatemalan
 Government."
    A chronology of political violence listed in the report starts at the
 February, 1976, earthquake, which destroyed 20 per cent of Guatemalan
 homes, and includes six years of assassinations of groups of peasants and
 Indians by soldiers and paramilitary squads, helicopter attacks on
 civilians, burning of homes in villages, disappearances, torture and the
 flight of thousands of refugees to bordering areas of Mexico earlier this
 year as the violence continued.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            December 4, 2015 Friday
                               Ahmedabad Edition

BJP's post-poll mantra: Mera gaon, mera desh

BYLINE: Kapil.Dave@timesgroup.com

SECTION: THE TIMES OF INDIA

LENGTH: 182 words


Over the next two years, rural folks will take centrestage for BJP, a party
which has thrived on urban votes. With an eye on assembly polls scheduled in
2017, the BJP government plans to pump in more funds to control damage in the
countryside.

In a significant move, the panchayat & rural development department plans to
allocate funds in proportion of the population of a village to showcase visible
development on the ground. Currently, the grants are uniform for each village
irrespective of its size.With the change in policy, hamlets with higher
population will draw more funds.

"Besides allotting 6,000 acres of land to rural cooperatives at token rates for
agriculture, dairy and related activities, there will be many more initiatives
for the benefit of rural masses," senior minister and government spokesperson
Nitin Patel said after the cabinet meeting.

Allocation for panchayats and rural development for 2016-17 may be raised by
50%, said a senior gover nment functionary. Currently, the budget for panchayats
and rural development is Rs 1,700 crore and Rs 1,500 crore, respectively .

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 998 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 4, 2013

Research varies on plight of aging farmers, younger generation

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 998  words


Agriculture economists have long warned that farmers are getting old and staying
on their land longer, delaying the turnover to a younger generation.

But an Ohio State University (OSU) professor argues that those fears are
overstated and the United States likely will have little problem replacing aging
farmers as long as business is good, as it has been for the past decade.

Others aren't so sure, saying while they agree with OSU agriculture economist
Carl Zulauf's assessment that concerns about the unquestionably aging farmer
population remain valid and create uncertainty about who will produce the
nation's crops in the future.

"I think what he said is absolutely right," Iowa State University economics
professor Mike Duffy said. "I think the conclusion he's drawing though is not
necessarily the correct one."

Zulauf contends that, just like in the 1970s, farm prosperity will draw more
young workers into farming. And prosperous the business is: this year, net
income from U.S. farms is expected to reach a record $131 billion. Farm wealth
has also reached record levels, according to the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), with farm asset values rising seven percent this year to a
record $3 trillion.

On average, farmers are about 15 years older than the broader U.S. workforce,
Zulaf said, but noted in his October report that this age difference hasn't
changed since the 1980s and that the average age of farmers is increasing at the
same pace as U.S. workers generally.

USDA statistics in 2007 showed that for each farmer under 25 there were five who
were 75 or older. In Iowa alone, Duffy said, landowners who were older than 75
owned 28 percent of the state's farmland in 2007, compared with 24 percent in
2002 and just 12 percent in 1982.

Duffy believes it's essential to pay attention to the transition of farms from
one generation to another, saying the catch is enabling those young farmers with
programs and policies that help people with few assets and little access to land
to get a chance to farm.

Land prices throughout the Midwest have soared in the past decade, largely due
to strong prices for corn and soybeans, with the average value in the U.S. this
year rising 9.4 percent to $2,900 per acre. Iowa's average farm real estate
value increased 20 percent this year to $8,400 an acre.

And farm implements, such as tractors, combines and grain bins, are often
pricey, with a new combine costing upward of $350,000.

"It takes a while to acquire that capital, usually by saving or through
inheritance," Zulauf said in an interview. "That doesn't typically happen until
people have passed a fair number of years as a working adult to get to that
stage."

Lindsey Lusher Shute, 34, knows that difficulty first hand. She and her husband,
Benjamin Shute, 35, farm 70 acres near Clermont, New York.

Shute said the three biggest concerns for younger people looking to farm are
access to land, ability to borrow money for land and equipment and health
insurance costs. Land in the Hudson Valley, where she is, costs about $8,000 to
$10,000 an acre.

"It's incredibly difficult to farm as a newcomer in farming especially for young
people coming to farming from a nonfarm background," said Shute, who grows
vegetables and raises egg-laying hens.

A common occurrence is passing on the family farm to the next generation, much
like Earl Hafner, 67, is doing with his 2,000-acre farm about 45 miles west of
Des Moines, Iowa.

Unlike typical Iowa farms, Earl and his son, 45-year-old Jeff Hafner, raise a
little bit of everything. There's corn, soybeans, alfalfa, winter wheat,
buckwheat and. They also sell honey from their own bees, raise pigs under
contract for international food company Cargill, pasture 250 cows, keep a flock
of 150 chickens, grow tilapia fish in large tanks and have organic basil,
lettuce, spinach, kale and other products in an adjacent greenhouse.

The goal is to transition ownership of the farm assets, which began in the early
1990s, to his son by the time Earl Hafner is 70. Already, Jeff Hafner owns the
cows, buys all the new equipment and handles the financial books.

"We talk about it and he makes all the decisions," Earl said of his son, a
20-year Army veteran who served two tours in Iraq.

Earl knows farmers whose children work in other professions and have no interest
in farming.

"Those are the people that, when they die, the farm will probably be sold," Earl
said.

For his part, Zulauf is aware of the difficulties in transitions, but is looking
to keep the problem in perspective.

"I'm not saying in any way, shape or form that this isn't an issue that we want
to talk about," Zulauf said. "But I do think if you're going to have these
discussion you need to have the data -- and not just the data, but the data in
context."

Jasper Schneider, United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development state director, announced that Common Enterprise Development
Corporation (CEDC) and the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric
Cooperatives (NDaREC) were selected to each receive a $200,000 grant. The
funding will be used help rural cooperatives and small businesses expand, create
jobs and strengthen their capacity to serve residents and communities.

"Both the CEDC and NDaREC have a long track record of service in North Dakota,"
said Schneider. "These grants will help them provide resources to entities that
improve social and economic conditions in rural areas."

Funding is being provided through USDA's Rural Cooperative Development Grant
(RCDG) program. The grants are awarded to non-profit entities to create and
operate centers that help establish, grow or operate rural businesses,
especially cooperatives and mutually-owned businesses. These competitively
awarded grants may be used to conduct feasibility studies, create and implement
business plans, and help businesses develop new markets for their products and
services.

For more information on USDA programs, please call (701) 530-2037 or visit
www.rur-dev.usda.gov/nd.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2013 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                              679 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                              April 2, 2006 Sunday

USDA unveils $8.9 million grant availability

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 268 words


The U.S. Agriculture Department's Rural Development has announced the
availability of $8.9 million in fiscal year 2006 in Community Connect Grant
Program funding.

The purpose of the Community Connect Grant Program is to provide financial
assistance in the form of grants to eligible applicants that will provide
currently underserved areas, on a "community-oriented connectivity" basis, with
broadband transmission service that fosters economic growth and delivers
enhanced educational, health care and public safety services. The minimum grant
amount is $50,000, with no maximum grant amount.

USDA Rural Development will give priority to rural areas that have the greatest
need for broadband transmission services.

Only entities legally organized as one of the following are eligible for
Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance: an incorporated
organization; an Indian tribe or tribal organization; a state or local unit of
government; a cooperative, private corporation or limited liability company
organized on a for-profit or not-for-profit basis. Individuals and partnerships
are not eligible for Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance
directly.

Applicants must have the legal capacity and authority to own and operate the
broadband facilities as proposed in its application, to enter into contracts,
and to otherwise comply with applicable federal statutes and regulations.

The notice of solicitation of applications was announced in the Federal Register
at http://www.gpoaccess.gov/fr/index.html, Vol. 71, No. 49 / Tuesday, March 14,
2006 / Notices.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2006 Times - Standard


                              680 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 31, 2014 Saturday

Agriculture, Rural Housing Service: Loan Specialist (Supervisory) (BP Southern
District Director) IN-2014-007B

LENGTH: 2738  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of Personnel Management has issued the following job announcement:

Job Title:Loan Specialist (Supervisory) (BP Southern District Director)

Department:Department Of Agriculture

Agency:Agriculture, Rural Housing Service

Job Announcement Number:IN-2014-007B
SALARY RANGE:
 $82,642.00 to $107,923.00 / Per Year
OPEN PERIOD:
 Friday, May 30, 2014 to Friday, June 06, 2014
SERIES & GRADE:
 GS-1165-13
POSITION INFORMATION:
 Full-Time - Permanent
PROMOTION POTENTIAL:
13
DUTY LOCATIONS:
 1 vacancy in the following location(s):
Bloomfield, IN View Map
Indianapolis, IN View Map
Jasper, IN View Map
North Vernon, IN View Map
WHO MAY APPLY:
 Current permanent Indiana Rural Development employees with competitive status,
reinstatement eligibles, persons with disabilities, VEOA/VRA eligibles, certain
military spouses, 30% or more disabled veterans, former Peace Corps or VISTA
volunteers, CTAP/ICTAP eligibles, Special Hiring Authorities.
SECURITY CLEARANCE:
 Q - Nonsensitive
SUPERVISORY STATUS:
 Yes
JOB SUMMARY:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Development Agency serves rural
communities throughout the country by investing in their communities through
housing and utility infrastructure, by increasing economic opportunity, and by
improving the quality of life for all rural Americans.  Rural Development
provides over 40 loan and grant programs in the Rural Housing and Community
Facilities Services, Rural Business and Cooperative Services, and Rural
Utilities Service. Rural Development supports a positive work environment and
promotes diversity and inclusion for nearly 5,000 employees.

Rural Development is a dynamic organization recruiting for employees who possess
the energy, compassion, and commitment to serve those in rural communities and
will enjoy working in a fast paced and results driven organization.  Our
commitment is to expand economic opportunity and quality of life in all of rural
America by providing financial programs to support essential public facilities
and services such as water and sewer systems, housing, health clinics, emergency
service facilities and electric and telephone service.  Rural Development offers
a friendly and professional working environment and such excellent benefits as:
a generous salary, alternative work schedules, paid vacation and sick leave,
paid holidays, retirement and supplemental savings plan, a wide array of health,
dental, vision, and life insurance plans, flexible spending accounts, and
long-term care insurance.

This is one vacancy that can be located in one of the following locations:
Bloomfield, IN, Indianapolis, IN, Jasper, IN or North Vernon, IN.
TRAVEL REQUIRED

Occasional Travel
    1-5 days

RELOCATION AUTHORIZED

No

KEY REQUIREMENTS

US Citizenship is required.
    Selective Service Registration is required for males born after 12/31/1959.
    A 1-year probationary period is required.
    Time in grade must be met by the closing date of the announcement.
    Must submit Form OGE450 w/in 30 days of appt date & annually thereafter.

DUTIES:
Back to top

This position is located in a Rural Development (RD) Office. The incumbent
serves as key member of the Business & Cooperative Program Staff. The incumbent
is primarily responsible for program planning, policy development,
administration, coordination and evaluation of the full scope of activities
related to the State's rural business and cooperative development loan, grant,
and loan guarantee programs in the Southern District of Indiana.

Incumbent serves as the state's authority in Business and Cooperative Program
policies and activities for the Southern District. Has primary responsibility
for designing, planning, implementing, directing, coordinating, executing and
evaluating program activities related to the State's business & cooperative
development loan, grant, and loan guarantee programs, including processing loans
and grants and servicing existing borrowers in the Southern District. Leads the
marketing efforts in the Southern District to promote Business & Cooperative
Programs.

Provides policy updates and training in business program law and regulation,
credit counseling and loan and grant processing, servicing actions and
authorities, and customer service through training sessions and the development
of procedures, instruction, guides or other measures to maintain staff expertise
and strengthen operations for the Southern District. Provides administrative,
technical and direct supervision to the BP staff located in the southern
district.

QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED:
Back to top

For GS-13: Applicants must have 1 year of specialized experience equivalent to
at least the GS-12; or its non-Federal equivalent that demonstrates: Experience
providing leadership in processing, servicing, and supervising a full range of
business loans; commercial loans; servicing a loan portfolio of a bank or other
loan association; or similar work which provided a comprehensive knowledge and
understanding of the technicalities of mortgage financing and credit. Experience
must demonstrate use of broad and seasoned judgment in providing financial
management guidance to borrowers; ascertaining and analyzing the many and often
obscure facts regarding the borrower's financial capacity, and evaluating the
general economic and financial conditions that affect the
organization/government's risk in granting, guaranteeing, or insuring the loan.

NOTE: To be considered for this position, you must meet all qualification and
eligibility requirements for the GS-1165 series set forth in the Office of
Personnel Management (OPM) Qualifications Standards by the closing date of the
announcement. A copy is available at:
http://www.opm.gov/qualifications/index.asp .

Time in Grade must be met by the closing date of this announcement.


o  Subject to satisfactory completion of a one year supervisory/managerial
probationary period
o  May be subject to satisfactory completion of one year probationary or trial
period.
HOW YOU WILL BE EVALUATED:

You will be evaluated based on your qualifications for this position as
evidenced by the education, experience, and training you described in your
application package, as well as the responses to the Occupational Questionnaire
to determine the degree to which you possess the knowledge, skills, abilities
and competencies listed below:

Knowledge of Commercial and Community Programs loan and/or grant making
requirements.
        Knowledge of Commercial and Community Programs servicing requirements.
        Program Administration/Project Management
        Supervision
        Oral Communication
        Written Communication

We will review your application, including the online Occupational
Questionnaire, to ensure you meet the job requirements and assess your ability
to perform this job. Before any certificate can be issued to the selecting
official, the resume and supporting documents are reviewed by an HR Specialist
to ensure that (a) minimum qualification requirements are met and (b) the resume
supports the answers provided to the job-specific questions. Your answers will
be verified against information provided in your online resume and application.
Be sure that your resume clearly supports your responses to all the questions
addressing experience and education relevant to this position.
    Applicants who meet the basic minimum qualification requirements and are
determined to be among the best qualified candidates will be referred to the
hiring manager for consideration. Non-Competitive candidates need to meet
minimum qualification requirements to be referred.

Note: If, after reviewing your resume and / or supporting documentation, a
determination is made that you have inflated your qualifications and or
experience, your score can / will be lowered to more accurately reflect the
submitted documentation. Please follow all instructions carefully. Errors or
omissions may affect your rating. Deliberate attempts to falsify information may
be grounds for not selecting you.

To view the application form, visit:
https://rhs.usda.ntis.gov/cp/?event=jobs.previewApplication&jobid=7109303a-4a9c-
43f1-97e1-a33b00d698d5

BENEFITS:
Back to top

You can review our benefits at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/
The Federal Government offers a comprehensive benefits package.  Explore the
major benefits offered to most Federal employees at:
http://www.opm.gov/healthcare-insurance/healthcare/enrollment/new-federal-employ
ee-enrollment/

OTHER INFORMATION:
o  If you are a male applicant born after December 31, 1959, certify that you
have registered with the Selective Service System or are exempt from having to
do so.
o  This position is eligible for telework and other flexible work arrangements.
Employee participation is at the discretion of the supervisor.
HOW TO APPLY:
Back to top

Please read the entire announcement and all the instructions before you begin.
The following instructions outline our application process.

You must complete this application process and submit all required documents
electronically by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) on the closing date of this
announcement.
    We are available to assist you during business hours (normally 8:00 a.m. -
4:00 p.m., Monday - Friday). Applying online is highly encouraged. If applying
online poses a hardship, please contact our office during business hours well
before the closing date for an alternate method. All hardship application
packages with supporting documents must be submitted no later than noon on the
closing date of the announcement in order to be entered into the system prior to
its closing.
    This agency provides reasonable accommodation to applicants with
disabilities on a case-by-case basis; contact us if you are requesting this.

Step 1: Create a USAJOBS account (if you do not have one) at www.usajobs.gov. It
is recommended that as part of your profile you set up automatic email
notification to be informed when the status of your application changes. If you
choose not to set up this automatic notification, then you will have to log into
your USAJOBS account to check on the status of your application.


Step 2: Create a resume with USAJOBS or upload a resume into your USAJOBS
account. Customize your resume to ensure it documents duties and accomplishments
you have gained that are directly related to this position in order to verify
that qualifications are met. Your resume must support your responses to the
online questionnaire (you may preview the online questionnaire by clicking on
the link at the end of the How You Will Be Evaluated section of the job
announcement).

Step 3: Click "Apply Online" and follow the prompts to complete the Occupational
Questionnaire and attach any additional documents that may be required.
You can update your application or documents anytime while the announcement is
open. Log into your USAJOBS account and click on "Application Status." Click on
the position title, and then select "Update Application" to continue.
NOTE: Verify that uploaded documents from USAJOBs transfer into the Agency's
staffing system. Once in the Agency's staffing system you will have the
opportunity to upload additional documents. Uploaded documents must be less than
3MB and in one of the following document formats: GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, RTF, PDF,
or Word (DOC or DOCX).


REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:

A complete Application Package must be submitted and received prior to 11:59,
ET, on the closing date. The following documents are required for your
application package to be complete. Our office cannot be responsible for
incompatible software, illegible fax transmissions, delays in the mail service,
your system failure or downtime, etc. Failure to submit required, legible
documents may result in loss of consideration.

Resume that includes the following information: 1) personal information; 2)
education; 3) work experience including the work schedule and hours worked per
week as well as dates of employment; and title, series and grade if applicable;
4) supervisor's phone number and e-mail address for each work period listed and
whether or not we may contact them for reference checks; and, 5) other
qualifications.
    College Transcripts if education is required for meeting basic
qualifications and/or used as a substitute for specialized experience. An
unofficial copy is sufficient however, if selected; an official college
transcript will be required prior to entering on duty. Education must have been
successfully completed and obtained from an accredited school, college, or
university. Foreign education must be evaluated by an approved organization. For
additional information, refer to the U.S. Department of Education web site at
http://www.ed.gov. All transcripts must be in English or include an English
translation.

Other required documents as applicable:

Current/Former Career/Career-Conditional: Most recent non-award Notification of
Personnel Action (SF-50 or equivalent) showing that you are/were in the
competitive service, highest grade (or promotion potential) held on a permanent
basis, federal status, position title, series and grade AND most recently
completed performance appraisal (dated within 18 months) showing the official
rating of record, signed by the supervisor, or a statement as to why the
performance appraisal is unavailable. Do not submit a performance plan.
    Veteran Hiring Authorities: (VEOA, VRA, and 30% Disabled Veterans): DD-214
(Member 4 Copy). Disabled veterans must include your VA letter & SF-15 if
claiming 10 pt. preference. Current active duty members must submit a
certification that they are expected to be discharged or released from active
duty under honorable conditions not later than 120 days after the date the
certification is submitted.
    Schedule A, Persons with Disabilities: Schedule A letter from a physician,
local, state or federal rehabilitation office citing eligibility under 5 CFR
213.3102 (u).
    Certain Military Spouses under E.O. 13473: Verification of the marriage to
the service member (i.e., a marriage license or other legal documentation
verifying marriage), plus Permanent Change of Station: PCS orders issued within
the last 2 years, that: lists you as authorized to accompany the military member
to the new duty permanent station; the specific location; and the effective date
of the PCS OR Military disability of 100%: verification of the member's release
or discharge due to 100% disability (DD-214 and VA Letter) OR Death while
serving on active duty: 1) Verification of release or discharge due to death
(DD-214). 2) Verification of the member's death (DD-1300 and Death Certificate.
3) Statement certifying they are un-remarried widow or widower of the service
member.
    Foreign Service: Most recent Foreign Service Notification of Personnel
Action, showing that you were/are serving under an unlimited, career-type
appointment AND have completed at least 1 year of continuous service without a
break of a workday under one or more nontemporary Foreign Service appointments.

    CTAP/ICTAP: Certification of Expected Separation, Reduction-In-Force
Separation Notice, Notice of Proposed Removal, or appropriate OPM/Agency
certification; AND most recent performance evaluation; AND SF-50 demonstrating
your separation or the position from which you will be separated.

AGENCY CONTACT INFO:
Cheri Allen
Phone: 317-295-5763
Fax: 855-541-9018
Email: cheri.allen@in.usda.gov
Agency Information:
USDA, Rural Development
5975 Lakeside Boulevard
Indianapolis, Indiana,
46278
USA
Fax: 855-541-9018
WHAT TO EXPECT NEXT:
If you set up your USAJOBS account to send automatic email notifications, you
will receive an email acknowledging: 1) the submission of your online
Occupational Questionnaire and resume was successful,  2) if you were referred
to the selecting official for consideration, and  3) if you were selected or not
selected. If you choose not to set up automatic email notifications, you must
check your USAJOBS account for the latest status of your application. Your
application may be reviewed to verify that you meet the qualifications and
eligibility requirements for the position prior to issuing lists to a selecting
official. If further evaluation or interviews are required, you will be
contacted. Normally, a final job offer to the selected candidate is made within
30-60 days after the issuance of the certificate.

For more information please visit: https://www.usajobs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Intellinews - Romania This Week

                                  May 27, 2015

EC approves (EURO)8.13bn rural development programme

LENGTH: 348  words


The European Commission has announced in a press release on May 26 the approval
of the Rural Development Programme (RDP) for Romania, along with other 23
regions within the EU. The (EURO)8.13bn earmarked for Romania accounts for 8.18%
of the entire budget of the 2014-2020 European Agricultural Fund for Rural
Development (EAFRD), the largest slice among the 24 allocations announced on May
26.

Romania's government wants to help cooperatives formed by small-scale farmers
rather than helping the farmers directly, the state secretary at the ministry of
agriculture, George Turtoi, said, explaining the state's strategy to Ziarul
Financiar in a conference held earlier this week. The government will also help
farmers increase their yields and will encourage the processing of cereals into
higher value-added products, like meat and dairy products, to be used as raw
material by the food industry. The strategy sketched by the government official
addresses the current situation of Romania's agriculture: low value-added grains

 generated by low-yield farms, then being directly exported.

Romania's government will co-finance the EAFDR projects with (EURO)1.34bn,
resulting in a total budget of (EURO)9.5bn for the programme in Romania.

Romania's rural development programme is formed by three measures:

The projects under the first priority will aim at the expansion of 3,400 farms
and cooperatives, at the creation of 30,000 small farms, and at bringing into
the rural area 9,400 young farmers.

Under the second priority, owners of 1.3mn ha of arable land, 10% of the
country's arable land, and 800,000ha of forest (12% of the country's forest
area) will receive grants to protect biodiversity and to promote
environmentally-friendly practice in land management.

Under the first two priorities, 184,000 experts will be trained in the relevant
sectors.

As regards the third priority - social inclusion and development of rural areas
- 27,000 workplaces will be created in the rural area and support will be
provided to some 3,000 new firms operating in rural areas, in sectors other than
agriculture.


LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: English

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Emerging Markets Direct Media Holdings LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          Intellinews - Romania Today

                             May 27, 2015 Wednesday

EC approves (EURO)8.13bn rural development programme for Romania

LENGTH: 348  words


The European Commission has announced in a press release on May 26 the approval
of the Rural Development Programme (RDP) for Romania, along with other 23
regions within the EU. The (EURO)8.13bn earmarked for Romania accounts for 8.18%
of the entire budget of the 2014-2020 European Agricultural Fund for Rural
Development (EAFRD), the largest slice among the 24 allocations announced on May
26.

Romania's government wants to help cooperatives formed by small-scale farmers
rather than helping the farmers directly, the state secretary at the ministry of
agriculture, George Turtoi, said, explaining the state's strategy to Ziarul
Financiar in a conference held earlier this week. The government will also help
farmers increase their yields and will encourage the processing of cereals into
higher value-added products, like meat and dairy products, to be used as raw
material by the food industry. The strategy sketched by the government official
addresses the current situation of Romania's agriculture: low value-added grains

 generated by low-yield farms, then being directly exported.

Romania's government will co-finance the EAFDR projects with (EURO)1.34bn,
resulting in a total budget of (EURO)9.5bn for the programme in Romania.

Romania's rural development programme is formed by three measures:

The projects under the first priority will aim at the expansion of 3,400 farms
and cooperatives, at the creation of 30,000 small farms, and at bringing into
the rural area 9,400 young farmers.

Under the second priority, owners of 1.3mn ha of arable land, 10% of the
country's arable land, and 800,000ha of forest (12% of the country's forest
area) will receive grants to protect biodiversity and to promote
environmentally-friendly practice in land management.

Under the first two priorities, 184,000 experts will be trained in the relevant
sectors.

As regards the third priority - social inclusion and development of rural areas
- 27,000 workplaces will be created in the rural area and support will be
provided to some 3,000 new firms operating in rural areas, in sectors other than
agriculture.


LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: English

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Emerging Markets Direct Media Holdings LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                October 16, 1989

New Business Signpost: Once-in-a-decade business chance for Britain's TECs

LENGTH: 820 words


BRITAIN has a once in a decade opportunity to restyle services for the new and
growing business sector, according to a new report, Putting the Enterprise into
TECs, from Business in the Community, the umbrella organisation for local
enterprise agencies.

The aim is to provide a framework for the new employer-led Training and
Enterprise Councils to address the enterprise dimension.


The report recommends that TECs should use effective existing organisations
rather than create their own small firms departments; be customer-driven and not
programme-led; not spread themselves too thinly but add value by plugging gaps
and concentrating resources; and reduce duplication and encourage networking
between support organisations.

Further information can be obtained from Business in the Community, 227a City
Road, London EC1V 1LX, telephone (01) 253 3716.

* * *

TWELVE British co-operatives have been chosen to take part in a European
Commission experiment to increase their competitiveness in the post-1992 single
European market. The co-ops, all from the information technology sector, will
look at how they can work together to tackle the European market more
effectively.

The experiment forms part of the SME Action Progamme run by Directorate-General
23, responsible for the Commission's small firms policy.

DG 23 has prepared a series of training modules on financial, legislative,
technological and organisational factors and the co-ops will evaluate these.
People interested in the course, which is free of charge, should contact Toby
Johnson, Industrial Common Ownership Movement, 20 Central Road, Leeds LS1 6DE,
telephone (0532) 461 738.

* * *

THE Development Board for Rural Wales has relaunched its successful DRIVE grant
scheme and is inviting immediate applications for projects. Private sector job
creation projects eligible include leisure and recreation, crafts, tourism
related schemes, services, property development and improvement.

Grants are available for up to 35 per cent of the cost of the project. Further
information can be obtained from the DBRW, Ladywell House, Newtown, Mid Wales
SY16 1JB, telephone (0686) 626 965.

* * *

A BUSINESS grant which pays up to half the costs of training new workers has
been launched on Wearside in the North-east as part of a package to attract new
industry.

The grant is offered for every extra Sunderland resident employee taken on by a
business and may amount to up to 50 per cent of the cost, including wages, of 13
weeks training in new skills. Further information can be obtained from Wearside
Opportunity, Bridge Street, Sunderland SR1 1TA, telephone (091) 510 8153.

* * *

AQUALITY centre to serve businesses in mid and north Wales is to be established
to promote high quality standards in readiness for competition in the single
European market.

The Wales Quality Centre, a non-profit making organisation funded from
membership fees and donations, in conjunction with the Development Board for
Rural Wales (DBRW), will set up an office to advise on product and service
quality standards to companies throughout the region.

'The CBI has predicted that up to 50 per cent of all UK manufacturers could
disappear because of increased European competition after 1992,' says Grenville
Jackson, marketing director of the DBRW.

Further information can be obtained from the Development Board for Rural Wales,
Ladywell House, Newtown, Mid Wales SY16 1JB, telephone (0686) 626 965.

* * *

MORE than 250 of Lloyds Bank's small business centres are now open, with around
750 specially-trained staff. The remainder will be open by early next year, to
create a nationwide network of 500 centres.

Roger Bardell, the bank's divisional manager for small business services, says:
'The investment in this development is already bearing fruit, with thousands of
small companies benefiting from a specialised service which, while being
provided in the high street, is flexible enough to allow our staff to go and
visit customers on their own business premises'.

* * *

THE Development Board for Rural Wales has announced a special rural action
programme designed to stimulate greater economic growth in the deeper rural
areas of mid Wales, including Ceredigion and Meirionnydd.

The project will include a managed workshop scheme for people starting up in
business, factory rent concessions, higher grants on a wider range of projects
in the special rural action areas, and a pound-for-pound social development
grant for projects of major significance for young people.

New Business is edited by Clive Woodcock

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              684 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                THE BRISTOL POST

                               September 20, 2001

GROUPS' GRAND BOOST;
 800,000 in coffer

BYLINE: IAN TURNER

SECTION: News, Pg.29

LENGTH: 263 words


A BRISTOL foundation will provide help for cashstrapped community projects in
the South West from its 800,000 coffer.

Grassroots voluntary and community groups will benefit from the South West
Foundation, the new grant-giving body created by the South Western Co -operative
Housing Society.

The foundation, based at Stoke Bishop, is targeting groups working in rural
areas, market and coastal towns, and is handing out grants of up to 1,000 from
its 800,000 annual allocation.

Organisations operating in urban areas such as Bristol will also be able to
apply for funding if they can show their services are either directed at or
assisting projects in rural areas.

The foundation is holding a seminar at Creech St Michael in Somerset tomorrow to
launch the scheme and more than 100 advisers and development workers are
expected to attend.

It will initially support projects in the Forest of Dean, Somerset and Dorset,
helping people to remain in their communities.

Chairman of the society, Robert Slade, said: "The South West Foundation presents
a major new source of funding for voluntary sector in the South West.

"The areas we intend to support have suffered greatly over the past few years
and the society is proud to have established the foundation."

For details on how to apply for a grant, contact the South West Foundation on
0117 968 0111 or e-mail on info@southwestfoundation. org. uk.

Alternatively, write to the South West Foundation, The Old Railway Station, Sea
Mills, Stoke Bishop, Bristol BS9 1DX.

epnews@bepp. co. uk

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2001 Bristol United Press


                              685 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            January 28, 2011 Friday

Punjab receives Rs 3,775 cr from Nabard for agri push

BYLINE: Rahul Kumar

SECTION: AGRICULTURE

LENGTH: 533 words


CHANDIGARH: Punjab has received Rs 3,775.46 crore in form of financial
assistance from Nabard for sustainable development of agriculture, allied
activities and Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF) during the first
nine months of 2010-11 Rs The state had received Rs 2,111.44 crore in the same
period last year.

Talking to ET, chief general manager, Nabard, Punjab regional office, Mr S C
Kaushik said the state has also got an amount of Rs 2,716.74 crore as production
credit for crop loans during the current fiscal. Under investment credit, the
amount disbursed totaled Rs 816.17 crore while the amount disbursed under Rural
Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF) stood at Rs 242.55 crore.

Since the inception of RIDF, 5,757 schemes, with a total outlay of Rs 5,868.83
crore, have been sanctioned including RIDF assistance of Rs 4,375.76 crore for
roads and bridges, public health and drinking water, animal husbandry and rural
education.

Meanwhile, it has been learnt that Punjab's projected requirement for crop loans
during 2011-12 would be about Rs 36,160 crore. The state has projected a total
agriculture credit need of Rs 35,420.96 crore out of the total priority sector
credit need of Rs 55,522.37 crore for the current fiscal.

He said the total priority sector lending in Punjab during 2009-10 was Rs
45,274.36 crore, which is 21% higher to the Rs 37,437.06 crore in 2008-09.

Mr Kaushik said that during 2009-10, Nabard had granted a assistance of Rs
4,563.81 crore for sustainable development of agriculture, allied activities and
rural infrastructure development. As production credit for crop loans, an amount
of Rs 3,420 crore was given to Punjab State Cooperative Bank and three RRBs
existing in the state at a concessional rate of 4% per annum for further
disbursement of loans to farmers at an interest rate of 7% per annum.

Towards capital formation in agriculture, an amount of Rs 704 crore was given as
refinance predominantly to Punjab State Cooperative Agriculture Development
Bank, Punjab State Cooperative Bank, three Regional Rural Banks and few
commercial banks for activities like dairy development, farm mechanisation,
horticulture, poultry, micro finance, fisheries and services/manufacturing
activities.

NABARD has been facilitating the formation and nurturing of Farmer Clubs' since
1982. A total grant assistance of Rs 173.05 lakh was sanctioned to various
partners including banks for promoting and development of non-farm activities
through Rural Entrepreneurship Development programmes and skill development
initiatives.

Time period not given in the figures given by Nabard. Mr Kaushik said that for
better absorption and implementation of rural infrastructure, NABARD has
supported the Punjab government with Rural Infrastructure Development Fund(RIDF)
loan of Rs 552.64 crore (this year) under Rural Infrastructure Development Fund
(RIDFXV ) towards 1,811 projects with total financial outlay of Rs 623.30 crore.

The RIDF projects is expected to provide benefits to nearly 10 lakh hectares
area under irrigation, 4,554 villages connected through rural roads, safe
drinking water supply in 4,670 villages and 351 rural schools.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           January 27, 2011 Thursday

Punjab receives Rs 3,775 cr from Nabard for agri push

BYLINE: Rahul Kumar

SECTION: AGRICULTURE

LENGTH: 533 words


CHANDIGARH: Punjab has received Rs 3,775.46 crore in form of financial
assistance from Nabard for sustainable development of agriculture, allied
activities and Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF) during the first
nine months of 2010-11 Rs The state had received Rs 2,111.44 crore in the same
period last year.

Talking to ET, chief general manager, Nabard, Punjab regional office, Mr S C
Kaushik said the state has also got an amount of Rs 2,716.74 crore as production
credit for crop loans during the current fiscal. Under investment credit, the
amount disbursed totaled Rs 816.17 crore while the amount disbursed under Rural
Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF) stood at Rs 242.55 crore.

Since the inception of RIDF, 5,757 schemes, with a total outlay of Rs 5,868.83
crore, have been sanctioned including RIDF assistance of Rs 4,375.76 crore for
roads and bridges, public health and drinking water, animal husbandry and rural
education.

Meanwhile, it has been learnt that Punjab's projected requirement for crop loans
during 2011-12 would be about Rs 36,160 crore. The state has projected a total
agriculture credit need of Rs 35,420.96 crore out of the total priority sector
credit need of Rs 55,522.37 crore for the current fiscal.

He said the total priority sector lending in Punjab during 2009-10 was Rs
45,274.36 crore, which is 21% higher to the Rs 37,437.06 crore in 2008-09.

Mr Kaushik said that during 2009-10, Nabard had granted a assistance of Rs
4,563.81 crore for sustainable development of agriculture, allied activities and
rural infrastructure development. As production credit for crop loans, an amount
of Rs 3,420 crore was given to Punjab State Cooperative Bank and three RRBs
existing in the state at a concessional rate of 4% per annum for further
disbursement of loans to farmers at an interest rate of 7% per annum.

Towards capital formation in agriculture, an amount of Rs 704 crore was given as
refinance predominantly to Punjab State Cooperative Agriculture Development
Bank, Punjab State Cooperative Bank, three Regional Rural Banks and few
commercial banks for activities like dairy development, farm mechanisation,
horticulture, poultry, micro finance, fisheries and services/manufacturing
activities.

NABARD has been facilitating the formation and nurturing of Farmer Clubs' since
1982. A total grant assistance of Rs 173.05 lakh was sanctioned to various
partners including banks for promoting and development of non-farm activities
through Rural Entrepreneurship Development programmes and skill development
initiatives.

Time period not given in the figures given by Nabard. Mr Kaushik said that for
better absorption and implementation of rural infrastructure, NABARD has
supported the Punjab government with Rural Infrastructure Development Fund(RIDF)
loan of Rs 552.64 crore (this year) under Rural Infrastructure Development Fund
(RIDFXV ) towards 1,811 projects with total financial outlay of Rs 623.30 crore.

The RIDF projects is expected to provide benefits to nearly 10 lakh hectares
area under irrigation, 4,554 villages connected through rural roads, safe
drinking water supply in 4,670 villages and 351 rural schools.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Sherbrooke Record (Quebec)

                             August 17, 2015 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Carrefour de solidarité internationale breathes easier with new grants

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 364 words


In 2012, Sherbrooke's Carrefour de solidarité internationale saw its federal
funding completely cut off following the abolition of funding from the Canadian
International Development Agency (CIDA). These cuts left the CSI in a situation
of extreme financial hardship and forced it to abolish several positions and to
look to the generosity of the Eastern Townships community to continue its
activities. Recently, however, the CSI got word that the grant from the Ministry
of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development Canada of $3.9 million over five years
has been approved to fund a project to improve the health of mothers, newborns,
and children in Mali and in Peru.

The project aims to reduce maternal and perinatal mortality in 12 rural
municipalities in Mali and in the district of Cusco in Peru. The infant
mortality rate in these areas is a serious problem. In the Peruvian district,
overwhelmingly occupied by indigenous people, the mortality rate at less than 28
days exceeds 273 per 1,000 live births. The Carrefour de solidarité
internationale, in cooperation with its longstanding partners Ayni Desarollo in
Peru and Kilabo in Mali, will work to equip health centers in the affected
regions to strengthen staff capacity, raise awareness among the local
population, and promote access to safe and nutritious food for mothers and their
children.

"We can get out of survival mode," exclaims CSI Project Manager Daniel
Vanoverschelde. "Our fundraising campaign will not have to be hasty and
worrisome."

In total, 36 similar projects across Canada have been funded. "The CSI is
privileged to receive this funding, it is an important recognition of our
expertise and that of our partners abroad," Vanoverschelde adds.

In addition to this funding, the organization has also been the recipient of a
$220,000 grant from the Québec International Development Program of the
Department of International Relations and La Francophonie to develop
agricultural cooperatives in rural Mali. In addition, funding of over $570,000
from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Business Development will
finance 16 professional internships in Peru and Haiti. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 The
Record (Sherbrooke)

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Sherbrooke Record
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          September 16, 2006 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Town to get high-speed Internet;
Residents of Gans await broadband Web access

BYLINE: Jim Stafford, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 572 words


A Sallisaw-based Internet service provider has won a $531,000 federal grant to
take high-speed wireless Internet to the tiny hamlet of Gans, population 208,
according to the 2000 U.S. Census.

The grant is one of 21 Community Connect grants totaling $8.9 million nationwide
announced Friday by the U.S. Agriculture Department.

Three other grants totaling $1.25 million were awarded Friday to Hugo-based
Choctaw Electric Cooperative. The co-op will bring broadband Internet to the
southeastern Oklahoma communities of Haworth, Rattan and Smithville, which have
a combined population of 716.

The Gans grant was won by family owned Nix Medical Supply, which has an Internet
service provider subsidiary known as CSWeb.net.   New territory for providers

The grants will take high-speed Internet services into new territory for
broadband providers, said Brent Kisling, state director for the U.S. Agriculture
Department's Rural Development agency.

"That's really the purpose of the program, to allow anybody in the public to
access high-speed Interent service," Kisling said. "We have been very careful
not to be in competition with those who are already providing high-speed
Internet service."

Nix Medical Supply spokesman Pat Nix Sr. said that part of the grant will be
used to build a community center for Grant that will offer 10 public access
computers with high-speed Internet connections available seven days a week. Nix
said his company will build a wireless network for the Gans community.

"We're going to be developing the community to give a blanket of coverage of
broadband service to the community, providing up to 4 megabits per second of
broadband service," Nix said. "We're going to be providing that to the schools
and all the critical community facilities, the police department and the fire
station, as well as the town hall for a period of two years."

CSWeb.net also will sell its broadband Internet service to Gans residents and
businesses in packages that range from $29.95 to $59.95 per month. The company
already provides dialup service in the community, Nix said.

"It's going to give anyone in the community, who otherwise wouldn't have access
to any type of broadband-type services, that access," he said.

Similar services to the fire and police departments were listed in the grant
announcement for the communities in southeastern Oklahoma served by the Choctaw
Electric Cooperative. A spokesman for the cooperative said it was not ready to
announce any specifics for the program in the communities for which it won the
grants.

As for Gans, just south of Interstate 40 about 18 miles west of Fort Smith,
Ark., the grant will deliver a service that residents have said they needed, Nix
said.

"We went to one of their town meetings and visited with the town management
about it," he said. "They are very excited about it, and they feel like it will
be something that will be an attraction to that community in addition to being a
nice service they can take advantage of."

The Agriculture Department said the Community Connect program has made 129
awards totaling $57.7 million in its five-year history.

"These funds will provide a critical link between essential community facilities
in areas where no broadband service currently exists," Deputy Agriculture
Secretary Chuck Conner said in announcing the awards. "The goal is to improve
public safety and also enable residents to pursue educational opportunities."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                           GlobalData - SWOT Analysis

                                February 6, 2017

                      Freeborn-Mower Cooperative Services

                             2501 Main Street East
                                Albert Lea 56007
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * SWOT ANALYSIS * * * * * * * * * *
Strengths:

Association with Touchstone Energy Cooperative

   FMCS is a member of Touchstone Energy Cooperatives (Touchstone Energy) which
is an alliance of more than 750 local and member-owned electric cooperatives in
46 states that focuses on reliable, affordable and safe energy supply for its 32
million members. Association with Touchstone Energy enables the company to
access to advertising and communications campaigns, education and training
tools, member benefit programs and web development tools to use in its local
communities. Touchstone Energy along with its cooperatives owns US$113 billion
worth of generation, transmission, and distribution assets and 2.5 million miles
of power line; and serves 75% of the country's land mass. The strong position of
such associate provides financial and technical support to the company.

Collaborations

   The company provides electricity and other energy related services through
collaborating with other cooperatives. FMCS is one of the 25 member distribution
cooperatives that receive wholesale electric power from Dairyland which
generates electricity from traditional and renewable energy resources such as
coal, natural gas, water, landfill gas, wind and animal waste. Along with other
13 electric cooperatives across central, western, and southern Minnesota and
northern Iowa, the company owns local alarm system company Heartland Security
(Heartland) which provides home security systems, business security systems, and
video surveillance systems to approximately 7,000 families and businesses in the
Midwest region. Heartland has majority share in home security installations in
rural areas and business security systems in cities. It also offers energy
related services such as billing, energy assistance, financing, electric service
rebates, new service activations, outage information, tree trimming, load
management, energy audits and safety services.
Weaknesses:

Costlier Energy Sources

FMCS procures electricity from Dairyland Power Cooperative which generates power
from coal and natural gas-based plants. Natural gas and coal are costlier than
non-conventional energy sources such as nuclear, wind, solar and hydro. The
company's profit margins may be lower than those power plants that use
non-conventional energy sources. FMCS focuses on providing efficient, reliable
energy and other services for its member-owners and their communities. It could
focus on clean fuel sources for low cost of power generation.
Opportunities:

Action Committee for Rural Electrification

   FMCS focuses on providing affordable, reliable and safe electricity. The
Action Committee for Rural Electrification (ACRE) is a nationwide effort with
more than 30,000 electric cooperative employees, directors and member-owners
belonging to this political action group. ACRE supports candidates for state and
federal office and protects the interests of electric cooperatives and their
member-owners. Various electric co-ops are facing many legislative issues that
will affect the future operations of the cooperative and the rates paid by co-op
members. ACRE Co-op Owners for Political Action program provides a convenient
way for member-owners to participate in the political affairs of their
cooperative. The participation of member-owners helps ensure the voice of
electric cooperatives remains strong and effective in the political arena.

Co-ops Vote

   The company is a part of Co-ops Vote campaign launched by the National Rural
Electric Cooperative Association which provides service to 42 million people in
47 states. Co-ops Vote focuses on the people who are most invested in the
successes of their own communities. With 42 million members across the country,
electric cooperatives are a powerful voice on national issues that have a local
impact. Working in collaboration with states and local cooperatives, this
non-partisan campaign will educate and engage voters on important issues, such
as ensuring continued access to reliable electricity and promoting cooperatives'
innovative renewable energy solutions development.

Positive Outlook for Home Area Network Market

   The company along with other 13 electric cooperatives across central,
western, and southern Minnesota and northern Iowa, owns local alarm system
company Heartland Security. The global home area network (HAN) market is
currently at an early stage of development and is expected to register steady
growth in near future. Growth in this market is dependent on the development of
advanced metering in developed economies such as the US, Canada, Italy, the UK
and Australia, and others. Currently, such in-home energy management systems
have only been implemented in pilot projects, and on a small scale. According to
in-house research, revenue from the global HAN market is expected reach
US$1,101.5 million in FY2020. The investment grants awarded through the American
Recovery and Re-investment Act for the research and development of home area
energy management systems are the key drivers for growth in this market. Revenue
from the market is expected to reach US$177.1 million in FY2020.
Threats:

Seasonal Variations and Climate Conditions

   The company faces risk from change in climate. The overall operating results
of it may fluctuate substantially due to seasonal variations and adverse weather
conditions. The demand for electricity and its consumption are strongly
correlated to seasonal fluctuations. In many regions, demand for power peaks
during the hot summer months, with market prices accelerating at that time. In
other areas, the demand for power peaks during the winter. Climate change brings
the threat of power outages, higher costs and changes in usage. Adverse climatic
conditions also affect the electric system of the company. Such incidents are
among the major threats for the company's operations.

Transmission and Distribution Losses: the US

   The company distributes electricity to its member owners. It is exposed to
market risks due to transmission and distribution losses. According the US
Energy Information Administration, the electricity transmission and distribution
loss averages about 6% of the electricity that is transmitted and distributed
annually in the US. Electricity transmission and distribution losses include
losses in transmission between sources of supply and points of distribution and
in the distribution to consumers, including pilferage. Apart from power theft,
the company is also prone to copper theft from their transmission lines, which
might increase their operational expenses and profit margins. The country's
transmission and distribution systems are also aging, with 70% of the
transmission lines being more than 25 years old.

Operational Issues

   FMCS owns and operates 2,967 miles of distribution power lines and 27
substations. The operations of the company are subject to interruptions due to
breakdown or failure of equipment, major accidents or damages caused by severe
weather conditions or natural disasters at power lines and related facilities.
Further, with aging distribution assets, the company could require to spend huge
capital expenditures. Any breakdown or failure of such operating facilities
might prevent the administration in fulfilling its power sales agreements on
time. Such operational faults and discrepancies could weaken the performance of
the administration adversely affecting the results of operations and its
profitability.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Events
History                                 Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
SWOT Analysis

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017


                              690 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

Mumbai: Bank manager accused of fraud denied bail

BYLINE: ruhi bhasin

LENGTH: 476  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


Refusing to grant bail to a former manager of the Solapur District Cooperative
Bank, who is accused of misappropriating funds for his personal gains, the
Bombay High Court recently observed that this was an offence against the state
and the consumers of the bank - mostly farmers - and a liberal view taken in
such cases would not act as a deterrent against white-collar crimes. The high
court was hearing a bail plea by Ravikant Bagal, who was arrested in August 2015
after a case was registered at Tembhurni Police Station, Solapur.

Watch what else is making news:

Bagal had worked in the Solapur District Central Cooperative Bank from 2010 to
2013. According to the prosecution, he fabricated documents, such as false
vouchers, and transferred over Rs 10 crore from the account of the head office
to his own savings account. He also transferred Rs 1 lakh to his personal
account.

The bank later appointed a chartered accountant, whose report indicated that
Bagal had committed fraud and submitted a false report to the National Bank for
Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD). Bagal's lawyer, however, argued he
had no intention to commit fraud, but was in need of funds and therefore
transferred the money to his own account.

"It is pertinent to note that the applicant used public money for his own
benefit. It appears from the submissions of his counsel that he had amassed a
lot of properties, money and other valuables while in service with the bank,"
observed the court. According to Bagal's counsel, he was willing to deposit the
amount misappropriated by him while in service.

"Criminal prosecution is not a recovery process. However, the prosecution has to
be taken to its logical end as it is an offence against the state and the
consumers of the bank, who had to face financial difficulties because of the
conduct of the applicant. This aspect needs to be taken into consideration
mainly for the purpose that the account-holders of a cooperative bank are mostly
farmers and the amount is to be used for maintaining and enhancing the agrarian
economy and also for the survival of the farmers. The report shows that the act
of the applicant is alarming as he had opened seven accounts in his own name,"
said Justice Sadhana Jadhav. Bagal allegedly also floated a firm and attracted
farmers to be its consumers, later cheating them too.

While his counsel argued that the liberty of an individual is of paramount
importance and right to liberty is a fundamental right, the court said: "It is
true that the liberty of an individual needs to be considered. However, a
liberal view taken in cases like the present one would not act as a deterrent to
white collar crimes. Moreover, the liberty of an individual also needs to be
tested and weighed against the interest of the society. It is in view of this
that this court is not inclined to grant bail."

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Sunday Guardian (India)

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Major push in credit for farmers announced

LENGTH: 460  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Feb. 1 -- Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday here announced
Rs 10 lakh crore for agriculture credit for the current fiscal year.

Special efforts will be made to ensure adequate credit to "under served" regions
like eastern states and Jammu and Kashmir, Jaitley said, presenting the Union
Budget 2017-18 in the Lok Sabha.

Noting that about 40% of the small farmers procure loans from cooperative
structure, Jaitley said the government will support National Bank for
Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) for the computerisation and
integration of its 63,000 "functional PSEs" with core banking support and
financial cooperatives.

This integration will be done over three years at an estimated cost of Rs 9,800
crore with financial participation from the states.

"This will ensure seamless flow of credit to small and marginal farmers," he
added.

Jaitley also termed the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana (PMFBY) as an important
step in safeguarding farmers' crops against natural calamities, and announced a
coverage of 40 per cent for the current fiscal year, increased from 30% in
2016-17.

The budget for the PMFBY has increased from Rs 5,500 crore last year to Rs
13,220 crore this year. "The Budget provision of Rs 5,500 crore for this Yojana
in Budget Estates 2016-17 was increased to Rs 13,240 crore in the Revised
Estimates for 2016-17 to settle the arrear claims. For 2017-18, I have provided
Rs 9,000 crore," Jaitley said.

According to him, the coverage of this scheme will be increased from 30% of
cropped area in 2016-17 to 40% in 2017-18 and 50% in 2018-19.

"The sum insured under this scheme has more than doubled from Rs 69,000 crore in
Kharif 2015 to Rs 1,41,625 crore in Kharif 2016," Jaitley said.

Incidentally, crop insurance is a major growth driver for the general insurance
industry in the current fiscal.

To help farmers know the quality of soil, Jaitley announced setting up of
"mini-labs" at Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) and ensure 100% coverage in all 648
KVKs across the country.

"Issuance of soil health cards has gathered momentum... Its real benefits would
be available only when the soil samples are tested for quality," he said.

The Finance Minister also provisioned for 100 such mini-labs developed by local
qualified entrepreneurs who will be subsidised by the government.

A 100% increase in the irrigation fund was also announced at Rs 40,000 crore,
from the earlier Rs 20,000 crore.

Jaitley promised a dedicated micro-irrigation fund to achieve the goal of "Per
Drop More Crop" with an initial corpus of Rs 5,000 crore.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Sunday Guardian. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 The Sunday Guardian
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               South West Farmer

                           December 11, 2012 Tuesday

Dairy farmers given greater clout

SECTION: DAIRY (SWF DAIRY)

LENGTH: 550 words


Dairy farmers will have greater clout in the marketplace under plans to boost
industry collaboration launched by Farming Minister David Heath today.

Mr Heath today also launched a separate scheme allowing English dairy farmers to
apply for £5 million-worth of grants to develop new market opportunities through
co-operation.

Defra is consulting on new rules allowing English dairy farmers to come together
and form producer organisations to sell their combined milk to processing
companies rather than negotiate as individuals.

It will mean that alongside the new industry code of practice, producers could
have more influence over contractual terms, conditions and prices.

Mr Heath said: "England's dairy industry is world-leading yet still has so much
potential to expand, and I'm convinced that better industry collaboration is the
key.

"We've already got the industry code of practice, and negotiating as groups
rather than individuals will give dairy farmers an even louder voice to get
their just rewards from the marketplace.

"Our £5 million dairy fund will also allow producers to develop other means of
cooperation and grab business opportunities with both hands."

The two schemes follow a critical year for the industry in which the Government
helped to secure an industry agreement on a voluntary code of practice on
contracts between farmers and processors.

The plans on producer organisations are part of a six-week consultation on how
to implement the European Union's Dairy Package in England. Scotland, Wales and
Northern Ireland will hold their own consultations.

Currently farmers negotiate with processors as individuals, but under the new
plans, producer organisations, which are already widespread in other European
countries, could cover up to a third of UK production and would negotiate on
behalf of members.

The UK currently imports £1.2 billion more dairy produce than it exports, and
there is huge potential for growth in domestic and export markets.

To help business growth, the £5 million dairy fund, offered through the Rural
Development Programme for England, will allow farmers to apply for £25,000
minimum grants to support groups of dairy farmers.

These could cover costs to establish new cooperation structures, such as
producer groups and cooperatives, and invest in technology to take advantage of
new market opportunities.

David Heath will make today's announcement on a Rural Roadshow to the Isle of
Wight. He will visit the Isle of Wight Dairy Group, which has led the way in the
industry following funding from Defra's Rural Development Programme for England
to set up an innovative farm cooperative.

The cooperative, which is the first of its kind in the country, brings together
17 of the island's dairy farmers to produce and market Isle of Wight branded
milk to around 30 retailers across the Isle of Wight, including supermarkets and
local shops. All Defra ministers are going on a series of Rural Roadshows all
around the country. The Rural Roadshows allow ministers to hear firsthand about
rural issues from communities and businesses, learning about successes and
challenges and discovering what help is needed in order to support rural growth
and jobs.

The direct access to ministers will help ensure that rural England has a strong
voice at the heart of Government.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           October 21, 2015 Wednesday

Capacity building of extension services and cooperatives in rural areas of
Gobi-Altai Province

LENGTH: 149  words


Domain : Development - Non state actors and local authorities Co-financing (PVD)

EU Contracted Amount : 450 000.00
Sector : Rural development
Benefitting Zone : Mongolia
Nature : Action Grants
Total Cost (  ):500 295.62
Description : Overall Goal: To create an inclusive and self sustaining local
economy in the project area through empowered cooperatives and better skilled
and more knowledgeable human resources.


Project completion date : 2016-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : CARITAS MONGOLIA ASSOCIATION

Address : Sukhbaatar District, 6th Khoroo University
Street #11/1
Ulaanbaatar

Country :Mongolia
Email : info@caritasmongolia.org

Url : www.caritasmongolia.org

Financier : European Union (EU),

Financier address : European Commission
Directorate General for International Cooperation and Development
Rue de la Loi 41
B-1049 Brussels
Belgium
Tel :+32 2 299 11 11
Website : http://ec.europa.eu/

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - History

                                February 6, 2017

                Hoosier Energy Rural Electric Cooperative, Inc.

                           2501 South Cooperative Way
                               Bloomington 47403
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * HISTORY * * * * * * * * * *


2016 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In October, Hoosier Energy established the Orchard Hills Generating Station
at the Orchard Hills Landfill, in south of Rockford.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In August, Hoosier Energy and Randolph Farms Landfill partnered to turn
landfill gas into a renewable energy resource for Randolph County.

2015 - New Products/Services

   In December, Harrison REMC opened a new solar farm near I-64 to convert
sunshine into electricity for homes and businesses throughout Harrison County.

2014 - Contracts/Agreements

   In August, the company signed a 15-year Power Purchase Agreement with EDP
Renewables North America LLC to purchase the renewable energy produced by 25 MW
of the Rail Splitter wind farm.

2014 - Contracts/Agreements

   In June, Open Systems was selected by Hoosier Energy Rural Electric
Cooperative to implement a Generation and Energy Management System based on OSIs
monarch platform.

2013 - Commercial Operation

   In November, the company officially started the 15 megawatt (MW) Livingston
Renewable Energy Station, which is located at the Livingstone Landfill and
serves the Indiana and Illinois consumers. The generation plant can serve nearly
9,000 households which use about 1,200 kilowatt-hours of electricity per month.

2012 - Corporate Awards

   In February, the company and Clark County REMC were recognized as the
Development Partner of the year by One Southern Indiana, the Chamber of Commerce
and combined Economic Development Council for Floyd and Clark counties.

2012 - Corporate Awards

   In May, the company and its member systems were awarded the 2012 Edgar F.
Chesnutt Award in the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association (NRECA)
Spotlight on Excellence Awards program.

2012 - Others

   In October, the cooperative started the development of its $25m power
delivery and operations facility in Owen County.

2011 - Corporate Awards

   In September, the cooperative was selected by Site Selection as one of the
publication's annual Top Utilities in Economic Development for 2011.

2011 - New Products/Services

   In January, the cooperative commenced power supply to the newest member,
Wayne-White Counties Electric Cooperative.

2010 - Contracts/Agreements

   The cooperative reached a settlement agreement with the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency on new source review issues.

2010 - Others

   The cooperative announced the construction of an 11-megawatt plant that
converts trash to electricity, to meet member power supply needs.

2009 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Hoosier Energy and Wabash Valley Power successfully completed the purchase of
627-megawatt combined cycle power plant from Tenaska Power Fund, L.P.

2009 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The cooperative received $5.1m, stimulus fund grant from the Indiana Housing
and Community Development Authority for improving energy efficiency of 800
homes.

2009 - Litigation

   Hoosier Energy Rural Electric and John Hancock Life Insurance Company settled
a litigation involving a leaseback transaction.

2008 - Others

   The cooperative added 25 MW of wind power to its renewable energy portfolio.

2008 - Others

   Wayne-White Counties Electric Cooperative in Southeastern Illinois became the
18th member of Hoosier Energy.

2007 - Others

   The cooperative's first renewable energy facility was completed, the
two-megawatt Clark-Floyd Landfill Methane Generation project.

2003 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The cooperative acquired a 170-megawatt gas-fired generating plant in
Worthington, Indiana.

1949 - Incorporation/Establishment

   The cooperative was established.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Corporate Strategy
Company Overview                        Company Statement
Events                                  History
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017


                              695 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 5, 2008 Wednesday

Rogers State establishes biofuels assistance center

BYLINE: David Page

LENGTH: 387  words


CLAREMORE - Rogers State University has established a new center to help
entrepreneurs and agriculture producers develop biofuel businesses in northeast
Oklahoma.

The Biofuels Assistance Center will be part of the RSU Innovation Center on the
Claremore campus.

"Helping entrepreneurs develop renewable energy sources is another way to
positively impact the rural economy of northeastern Oklahoma," said Ray Brown,
RSU vice president for economic and community development.

Rogers State received a $51,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture grant to
establish the biofuels center. The Rural Business Enterprise Grant was funded
through the Oklahoma Rural Business Cooperative Service. The USDA Rural
Development branch administers several federal grant programs, including
housing, utility, business and other initiatives to help build and strengthen
rural communities.

"Projects like this will help rural Oklahoma continue to find ways to add value
to the rich commodities we grow in our state," said Brent Kisling, Oklahoma
director of USDA Rural Development.

RSU's innovation center had worked with biofuel ventures on a limited basis
before receiving the grant, Brown said.

"We were approached by a couple of people in the community interested in
biofuels and we did some work for them," he said. "We realized we had the
capacity to do more so we submitted the grant proposal. "

Rogers State will provide assistance with feasibility studies, business plans
and marketing analysis for businesses seeking to produce biofuels, including
biodiesel and ethanol, Brown said.

 Assistance will also be provided for agricultural producers developing feed
stock for the production of biofuels and for farmers with plans to start their
own biofuels production and distribution businesses.

"This region is home to several agricultural products that are potential
feedstocks, including wheat, soybeans and sorghum,"  Brown said. "The
availability of these feedstocks plus the woody byproducts from timber mills,
old utility poles and railroad cross ties has created an increased interest in
developing biofuels. "

 Other potential biofuel sources include crop residues, yellow grease from
restaurants and chicken fat from poultry processors, Brown said.

"Our clients will be anyone interested in developing biofuels as a commercial
venture," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                                 March 10, 2015

4 Chikankata Co-Ops Land K154,000

LENGTH: 183 words


THE Smallholder Agribusiness Promotion Programme (SAPP) has approved grants to
four cooperatives in Chikankata district amounting to K154, 000 to improve the
farmers' livelihood.

Chikankata District marketing and development officer Kambole Chansa said this
in an interview with the National Agricultural Information Services in
Chakankata.

Ms Chansa named the beneficiary cooperatives as Bata, Katuya, Simutwe and
Choolwe that will venture in, goat production, marketing, and piggery
production.

She said that the core mandate of SAPP is to increase quantity and?quality of
smallholder producers.?Ms.

Ms. Chansa stated that the four beneficiary cooperatives have since?completed
construction of a livestock service centre, goat structures,?piggery unit and
bulking centre to market their livestock.?She appealed to SAPP to provide the
final grants to the cooperatives?to be fully fledged in carrying out their
activities.

She observed that the eight-year programme was approved by the?government and
will end in 2017.

Ms Chansa pointed out that the total allocation to the four?cooperatives is
K250, 000.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Arizona: USDA Announces Over $9 Million to Support Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 615  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

Albany, GA, February 6, 2015 - Today, Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden announced
over $9 million in grant funds will soon be available for outreach and technical
assistance to minority and veteran farmers and ranchers. This funding will
enable community-based organizations, eligible higher education institutions and
tribal organizations to work directly with these groups to successfully acquire,
own and operate farms and ranches and to access all USDA programs and services.
These funds are being provided through the Outreach and Assistance for Socially
Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program,
also known as the "2501 Program".

Through the 2501 Program, outreach and technical assistance is provided to
minority and veteran farmers and ranchers through partnering organizations,
including 1890 Land Grant Institutions, 1994 Land Grant Institutions, other
American Indian Tribal community colleges and Alaska Native cooperative
colleges, Hispanic-serving and other institutions of higher education, Tribal
governments and organizations, and community-based organizations.

"To stay competitive, America's farmers and ranchers must be diverse in
experience, background and skills. Every farmer and rancher has something to
contribute to America's agriculture. Community partnerships can help farmers and
ranchers reach their full potential," said Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden. "As
we celebrate the first anniversary of the 2014 Farm Bill, programs like these
are evidence that an investment in all of America's farmers and ranchers is an
investment in our future."

Applications for the 2501 program must be submitted through www.grants.gov. More
information about the 2501 Program, including forthcoming grant notice and
application deadlines is available at: http://www.outreach.usda.gov/grants/
index.htm.

The Deputy Secretary also announced the formation of a Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers Policy Research Center dedicated to collecting and
analyzing data, developing policy recommendations, and evaluating policy
concerning socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers including minorities,
veterans, and Native Americans. This one-time competitive program is open to any
eligible 1890 Land-Grant Institution interested in hosting the Center.

The Deputy Secretary made today's announcement at the Federation of Southern
Cooperatives, which was awarded a 2501 Grant last year to conduct training,
outreach, and technical assistance to minority and veteran farmers and ranchers.

Since 2010, the 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250
partners. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of Advocacy and
Outreach. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans.

The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the
past five years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in
savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to
implement each provision of this critical legislation, including providing
disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools;
expanding access to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing
innovative public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for
rural-made products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community
facilities to help improve quality of life in rural America. For more
information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 March 6, 2000

Alford girls in running for travel cash

BYLINE: By Emma Lane

SECTION: Transport: Grants, Pg.3

LENGTH: 338 words


TWO applications under the Rural Youth Transport Grant Scheme will be considered
by Aberdeenshire Council's Marr area committee meeting tomorrow in Alford.

The budget allocated to the committee under the scheme is GBP 1,500 and the
initiative aims to help youth organisations in rural areas with travel costs,
for 1999/2000.

Young people and youth groups in towns that have secondary schools are not
eligible to apply and trips must be of an educational or personal-development
nature. Awards are based on 50% of the actual travel costs, up to a maximum of
GBP 150.

Applications under consideration will be a grant for Alford Girls Group for a
trip to the Co-operative Young Film-Makers Festival in Bradford last October and
funds for Banchory Beavers Swimming Club, whose members are training at
alternative pools because their local pool has closed temporarily for
maintenance work.

At a meeting of the education and recreation grants sub-committee on January 31,
1999, members considering applications from voluntary organisations under the
grants scheme decided not to support applications.

The report says Aberdeenshire Council had placed a travel embargo on its own
education and recreation-service staff at the time because of the authority's
projected overspend this financial year. However, it has since been decided that
applications under the Rural Youth Transport Grant Scheme can still be
considered.

Community officer Irene deBoth wrote in the report: "Given the decision by the
education and recreation grants sub -committee, the initial comments by the
grants officer, the fact that the application by the Alford Girls Group is
retrospective, and the continuing financial difficulties facing the council in
this financial year, it was considered appropriate that the area committee
should consider and decide the two applications."

Grant applications already approved in this financial year include GBP 35 for
Towie Youth Club, GBP 39 for Keig Youth Club and GBP 67.50 for Glass Swimming
Club.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              699 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Accra Mail

                              May 6, 2010 Thursday

Rural Enterprises Project Rolls Out Two Credit Systems

LENGTH: 252  words


Mr Nelie Arkaah, Mfantseman Municipal Co-ordinator of the Rural Enterprises
Project (REP), said the project has roll out two credit systems to support
entrepreneurs to enhance production.

Addressing a meeting of small scale enterprises in Saltpond, Mr Arkaah listed
the interventions as Credit Line and Rural Enterprise Development Fund.

He said under the credit Line, an entrepreneur had to save 10 per cent of the
total cost of machinery, and then apply to a bank for a 60 per cent loan, which
would be boosted with additional 30 per cent matching grant from the Business
Advisory Centre of the REP.

Mr Arkaah said government had restored the Rural Enterprises Development Fund,
which was withdrawn some years back due to low recovery of loans.

He said under the facility, short-term loans would be paid back in 18 months
while medium term credits would be refunded in 36 months.

Mr Arkaah said the REP had identified lack of capacity building as the bane of
none performance of the private sector and had therefore intensified training
programmes to address it.

He announced that the Municipal Assembly in collaboration with the Decent Work
of the International Labour Organisation had set up a co-operative credit union
in the area to save the people from exploitation by unscrupulous people who had
established savings services (Susu) among the rural folks.

Mr Arkaah said some of the susu service providers often bolt with moneys they
collect hence the need to introduce the credit union concept to the public.

GNA

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                   May 03, 2005 Tuesday, SOUTH COUNTY EDITION

Sturbridge mobile home park sewer fee delayed

BYLINE: Harold A. Gushue Jr.; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 354 words

DATELINE: STURBRIDGE


Selectmen last night again delayed action on a request by Sturbridge Retirement
Cooperative Corp. to establish a lower sewer privilege fee at the mobile home
park at 1 Kelly Road.

The 175-unit park is under a state Department of Environmental Protection order
to upgrade its on-site failed septic system.

The town maintains that the fee should be slightly more than $1 million while
the cooperative said it should be about $456,000.

The park plans to add an additional 55 units, but those are not included under
its request for the lower fee. In June of last year, the selectmen approved a
two-mile sewer line extension to the park at no cost to the town.

Last night, Park Manager Mary M. Berry said it is her understanding that the fee
could be negotiated. She said she understands the park must pay a fee but does
not feel it should be as much, based on water usage.

Michael J. Morrill, a Southbridge lawyer who represents the cooperative, said
two sections of town regulations governing the privilege fee need be considered
in setting the fee.

Arnold P. Wilson, chairman of selectmen, said town counsel does not agree with
Mr. Morrill's interpretation.

In other business, representatives of Tighe & Bond, consulting engineers, gave
the board an update on development of the new well.

In a related matter, Town Administrator James J. Malloy said the town has been
awarded a $630,000 grant and is eligible for a $2,178,500 low-interest loan for
the well project. He said the town was notified of the grant and loan by David
H. Tuttle, state director for USDA Rural Development. In 2001, special town
meeting voters approved borrowing $3.3 million for the project.

In the update to the board, Omer H. Dumais Jr., vice president of Tighe & Bond,
said options include centralized water treatment or satellite treatment. Noting
the cost of the two options is only a few thousand dollars, he said it basically
comes down to the town's preference.

He said having a central location would mean it has to be built at once while a
satellite system would provide two water treatment locations.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2005 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              701 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Vindicator (Valley Falls, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 15, 2010

Rural Development has funds for business development

BYLINE: The Valley Falls Vindicator staff

LENGTH: 285  words


USDA Rural Development Business Programs Director Karissa Berks announced that
USDA is accepting applications for business and community development grants to
help rural communities create wealth, attract more residents and become
economically self-sustaining.

The funding is being provided through the Rural Business Opportunity Grant
program, which provides grants for technical assistance and planning activities
to improve economic conditions in rural cities or towns of 50,000 people or
fewer.

"Small businesses are the backbone of our rural economy, their entrepreneurial
spirit and commitment to their community is helping to create jobs and bring
economic stability to rural communities across Kansas. These grants will provide
much needed investment for more rural businesses to flourish. USDA funds,
combined with the agency's valuable technical assistance which supports local
leadership, helps make these beneficial rural businesses a reality," commented
Berks.

Funding under the RBOG program can be used to pay for economic planning,
technical assistance, and training for rural communities, entrepreneurs or
economic development officials. Under this round of funding, priority
consideration will be given to applications that best demonstrate strong
regional or multi-jurisdiction-al collaboration, referred to as "great regions,"
leadership capacity, and those that represent varying demographics (including
underserved and under-represented communities). The amount of funding available
is $2.48 million.

Applications are due June 28. To be eligible for funding, an applicant must be a
public body, non-profit corporation, Indian Tribe or cooperative with members
that are primarily rural residents.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VFV

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2010 The Vindicator


                              702 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 5, 2011 Wednesday

Prawn project on hold

BYLINE: Sue Book, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 404 words


Oct. 05--A proposed aquaculture project to experiment with a juvenile prawn
hatchery in Craven County was stalled by Craven County commissioners Monday.

They want to know more about the three-year Craven County Cooperative Extension
Service project that would use a $142,000 grant from the Raleigh-based North
Carolina Rural Economic Development Center. The Extension Service asked for the
county's blessing to apply for the grant and wants the county to hold the money
if it is awarded but is not asking other county employees to manage it.

Prawn are a large freshwater shrimp-like crustacean that 15-county Extension
Service Aquaculture Agent Mike Frinsko has been encouraging as potential crop to
help replace tobacco for some Eastern North Carolina farmers.

Don and Kim Ipock of Craven County has been growing prawn in ponds dug on his
family's farm on Spruill Town Road near Vanceboro for several years. He helped
form a cooperative with several other Eastern North Carolina prawn farmers to
develop a market for the alternative crop.

His ponds would be used in the research project, said Tom Glasgow, Craven
extension director, much like area farmers' land plots are used to test grow soy
bean varieties or other crops.

Glasgow told commissioners Monday that prawn farmers now buy juvenile prawn from
other states. They faced a shortage for two years and started thinking about
further developing the aquaculture crop to include a hatchery.

He said they applied for the grant last year but did not get it. He had that
business plan and grant application but some commissioners wanted current data.

Commissioner Tom Mark asked about record keeping and responsibility "if the
project went belly up." He asked for a copy of the current business plan and
budget.

Commissioner Scott Dacey said: "I don't want to be using taxpayer money to be
subsidizing the business interest of one business owner who is going to
benefit."

Glasgow said, "It is no replacement for tobacco as a cash crop" but it is one
way of diversifying and the county and region could benefit from the results.

He said he and Frinsko would be responsible for record keeping and that he would
come back to commissioners Oct. 17 with current information.

Sue Book can be reached at 252-635-5665 or sbook@freedomenc.com

___ (c)2011 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111005-NS-Prawn-project-on-hold-1005-20111005

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2011 Sun Journal


                              703 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             July 7, 1994 Thursday

LENGTH: 499 words


FARGO (AP) -- It's the steak, not the sizzle, that will lure a $245 corn
processing plant to North Dakota, South Dakota or Minnesota. A Northern Corn
Processors insider says a focused sales pitch might be easier for a site
selection committee to swallow. But no one in the region will go hungry.

Bill Patrie, rural development director for the North Dakota Association of
Rural Electric Cooperatives was a member of the corn processing cooperative's
original steering committee and is still active on its board. ""With the
geopolitical boundaries in the southern Red River Valley, it appears you have a
three-state competition emerging,'' said Patrie. ""That is, in fact, a myth.''
It's like choosing an automobile, he said. ""You usually buy the car that best
meets your needs. It really has very little to do with the sales pitch.'' The
plant's location is fairly unimportant to its success, said Patrie. ""If the
plant is built, everybody wins,'' he said. ""You don't restrict the economic
benefits within state boundaries.'' South Dakota Gov. Walter Miller will spend
this morning pitching a site next to the Big Stone Power Plant in Grant County
to the Northern Corn Processors Co.'s site selection committee in Fargo. The
committee includes representatives from American Crystal Sugar Co. and Minn-Dak
Farmers Cooperative. Minnesota Gov. Arne Carlson will promote Moorhead and $40
million incentive package put together by the city and the state. North Dakota
is planning a broader approach. Wahpeton, Hankinson and Argusville -- the latter
backed by the city of Fargo -- will make separate presentations on Friday. Gov.
Ed Schafer and other state officials will detail the tax breaks passed during
last week's special legislative session. ""From the very beginning we've seen
our role as helping local communities put together proposals,'' said Chuck
Stroup, North Dakota's director of Economic Development and Finance. ""It would
be presumptuous to say, "We're not investing the money but we can decide for you
what sites should be considered.' '' A committee facing 12 hours of
presentations might welcome more focus, said Patrie, one of Stroup's
predecessors. ""You have already done some of the work for them. You're not
going to tell them what site they should take, but you're saying "Site X is our
No. 1 recommendation.''' That way, said Patrie, ""You avoid being your own
competition.'' North Dakota's strategic advantage is its decision to hold a
special Legislative session last week to pass a package of tax incentives. That,
said Patrie, ""brought a clean focus to the issue of tax treatment and the
options now available.'' More importantly, it demonstrated the responsiveness of
state government. And it got the attention of the corn plant site selection
committee. ""They're going to look not only at the short term incentives but
what the corn plant's long-term relationship with its government would be,'' he
said.

CUTLINE Bill Patrie is pleased with North Dakota's steps.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      The Western Star (Roma, Queensland)

                               September 3, 2010

Applications are now open for Rural Women's Award

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 350  words


Women with ideas, enthusiasm and commitment have the chance to be recognised for
their contribution to Queensland's primary industries sector.

Applications for the annual Rural Industries Research and Development
Corporation's Rural Women's Award are now open.

Department of Employment, Economic Development and Innovation award co-ordinator
Natalie Schultz encouraged women from all rural industries to apply.

"If you are passionate about making a difference to your industry or rural
community then you should apply," Ms Schultz said.

"The award process provides women with an important leadership and capacity
building opportunity.

"There will be four finalists, from which the state winner will be chosen.

"Finalists have the opportunity to participate in a range of skill-building
workshops and meet the Minister for Primary Industries, Fisheries and Rural and
Regional Queensland Tim Mulherin and senior DEEDI leaders."

The winner will receive a $10,000 bursary aimed at assisting them to develop
their skills and contribute to profitable and sustainable primary industries in
Queensland.

The bursary can be used for different purposes including international study
tours, training and website development.

Past winners and finalists have been proactive in the feedlot industry,
conservation, horticulture, sheep and cattle producing, wool growing, in sugar
and the kangaroo industry.

This year's winner, partner in a macropod harvesting enterprise in south-west
Queensland Sharyn Garrett, is using her bursary to develop a business strategy
for the Maranoa Kangaroo Harvesters and Growers Co-operative.

"Sharyn's project will review current operations and provide recommendations to
assist the co-operative to become an even more efficient and sustainable
operation," Ms Shultz said.

Applications for the 2011 Rural Women's Award, sponsored by DEEDI, close on
October 15 - World Rural Women's Day.

For more information on the award contact Ms Schultz on (07) 3239 3515, email
wiriu@deedi.qld.gov.au or visit www.ruralwomensaward.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TWS


                    Copyright 2010 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Malakoff News (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 1, 2016

USDA grants available to grow rural businesses

BYLINE: The Malakoff News staff

LENGTH: 334  words


HENDERSON COUNTY -- Rural Business Cooperative-Service Administrator Sam Rikkers
has announced that USDA is seeking applications for loans and grants to help
support the start-up or expansion of rural businesses.

"Our small, rural businesses need financing to compete in the global economy,"
Rikkers said. "With this announcement, USDA is demonstrating its continued
commitment to investing in small towns and rural communities. These loans and
grants will spur entrepeneurship, create jobs and improve the quality of life in
rural America."

"USDA is committed to helping rural communities increase economic conditions
needed to implement strategies that will stimulate the economy, reduce poverty
and enhance the quality of life in our small towns and rural areas," USDA Rural
Development

Texas State Director Paco Valentin said.

The funding is being provided through the Rural Economic Development Loan and
Grant (REDLG) program. Under this program, USDA provides zero-interest loans and
grants to eligible local utilities, which use the funding to create revolving
funds for projects that will create or retain jobs in rural areas.

USDA is making $37 million in loans and $11 million in grants available. A
recipient may receive a loan of up to one million dollars, or a grant of up to
$300,000.

For information on how to apply for REDLG loans or grants, contact the Texas
State Office at (254) 742-9780 or see page 14415 of the March 17 Federal
Register. The first round of applications was due March 31, 2016, and the second
round of applications is due June 30, 2016.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way -- strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

For information on this and other USDA Rural Development programs in Texas, go
to http://www.rd.usda.gov/tx.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLN

                      Copyright 2016 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2016 The Malakoff News


                              706 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

China: Sustainable Development in Poor Rural Communities (GEF)

LENGTH: 537  words


Project ID: P101844
Region: East Asia and Pacific
Approval Date (as of board presentation): June 10, 2010
Closing Date: December 31, 2015
Commitment Amount: US$ 0.00  million
Total Project Cost: US$ 147.46  million
Borrower: CHINA
Sectors:


General agriculture, fishing and forestry sector80%
Agricultural extension and research10%
Water supply10%
The objective of the Sustainable Development in Poor Areas Project for China is
to explore and pilot more effective and innovative ways of providing poverty
reduction assistance to the poorest communities and households in Henan
Province, Shaanxi Province and Chongqing Municipality (the Project Provinces)
through community driven development and participatory approaches. There are
five components to the project. Component one: community driven development
(CDD). This component will support the development of basic rural infrastructure
in poor villages through the provision of investment support and related
technical assistance for the construction and improvement of, inter alia,
village access roads, drinking water supply systems, rural sanitation
infrastructure, electrification, communication infrastructure, school building
construction and repair, small-scale agriculture production infrastructure, and
basic housing repair. Component two: Community Development Financing (CDF) and
capacity building for CDD and CDF. This component will address the current lack
of basic income sources in remote villages by providing small block grants to
communities to support household-level productive activities, and provide
technical assistance and capacity building through two subcomponents: (a)
provision of CDF financing to community cooperatives to finance CDF subgrants
and/or CDF subloans in support of household-level productive activities; (b)
provision of technical assistance and capacity building support at the village
level to support the Project~s CDD and CDF activities. Component three: Rural
Migrants Support (RMS). This component will address the challenges associated
with China~s on-going large scale rural-to-urban migration, a defining factor of
China~s urbanization process, with the objective of exploring a replicable model
which could be scaled-up nationwide. Component four: Sustainable Land Management
and Adaptation (SLMA). This component will be co-financed by the global
environment facility (GEF), and include three subcomponents: (a) designing and
implementing SLMA pilot activities based on community participation through
promoting adaptation measures in small infrastructure and agricultural
improvement projects; and providing technical assistance to communities and
township technical staff in the design, implementation, and monitoring of these
SLMA pilot activities; and (b) disseminating the experience of implementation of
the SLMA pilot activities and promoting the integration of SLMA intervent

Project completion date : 2015-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : MINISTRY OF FINANCE

Address : China

Country :China
Financier : World Bank (WB),

Financier address : World Bank (WB)
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, DC 20433
USA.
Phone: (202) 473-1000
Fax: (202) 477-6391
http://www.worldbank.org /
Attn: Wendao Cao

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

BYLINE: JESSICA HOLDMAN Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 487 words


A western North Dakota economic development consortium plans to create a
cooperative model for child care in the state - starting with the communities of
Hettinger and Rolette.

REAP Investment Fund received a $60,000 grant to develop a cooperative style day
care model, said Shirley Bentrup, REAP's executive director.

"The day care need in Hettinger is more than 200 and Rolette was off the
charts," she said.

Bentrup, who also is an organizer for the western North Dakota consortium Vision
West ND, said an employer-owned cooperative could be one solution to the
shortage. That would make more sense than a parent-owner cooperative, she said,
because parents need child care only for a few years, but "employers need child
care forever."

According to Child Care Aware of North Dakota, Adams County has 290 children
potentially in need of child care but its current child care capacity is only
for 66 children. In Rolette County, the potential need is 2,067 children and the
capacity is 143.

REAP is using the U.S. Department of Agriculture grant to identify legal issues
and to develop a cooperative framework to be used by any community in the state.

"That's the first thing," Bentrup said. Then, she said, REAP will work with
Rolette and Hettinger to create a cooperative for those interested.

The cooperative day care model has worked in other states, she said.

"Housing and child care are both something we desperately need," said Earleen
Friez, community promotions office manager in Hettinger. The need is not just
something the town is worried about if oil exploration were to trickle south,
she said.

Tera Fried, human resources manager for West River Regional Medical Center in
Hettinger, said new employees have a difficult time finding a place to rent, and
child care also can be hard to find, especially for nurses and those who work
night shifts.

She said the hospital has had at least one employee quit because that employee
could not find child care.

Jim Long, West River's chief executive officer, said recruitment for rural
health care facilities already is difficult and providing child care to a
growing young professional population adds to the challenge.

"One of the big barriers to child care is facilities," Bentrup said.

It can cost $1 million or more for a facility that cares for 20 children, she
said. It is not a business that benefits from the oil boom because child care
facilities must have a certain number of employees per number of children and
it's not easy to expand, she said.

Bentrup said North Dakota's child care providers are getting older, and they
have a hard time recovering expansion costs and finding staff.

"It's a triple whammy for child care operators," she said.

Bentrup hopes by setting up guidelines for a cooperative this fall, REAP will be
able to help Hettinger and Rolette set up facilities in early 2015.

(Reach Jessica Holdman at 701-250-8261 or jessica.holdman@bismarcktribune.com)

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

MDGs: FG distributes 230,000 bags of fertilizer to farmers

BYLINE: THERESA EGBA, ABUJA

LENGTH: 508 words


In a bid to improve the lives of farmers and reduce poverty in the country, the
Federal Government has distributed about 230,000 bags of fertilizers directly to
farmers where they are needed most.
The post MDGs: FG distributes 230,000 bags of  fertilizer to farmers appeared
first on The Sun News.

In a bid to improve the lives of farmers and reduce poverty in the country, the
Federal Government has distributed about 230,000 bags of fertilizers directly to
farmers where they are needed most.

This was disclosed in Abuja last week at the official launch of Agricultural
Empowerment Programme for Rural Farmers across the country by the First Lady,
Dame Patience Jonathan.

According to her, the event was the outcome of a strong collaborative effort
between the Women for Change Initiative, the Cellulant Group and the Millennium
Development Goals (MDGs) Office aimed specifically at improving access to
critical agricultural inputs.

In her remarks, the Special Special Assistant to the President on MDGs, Dr.
Precious Gbeneol, noted that the intervention was expected to improve farm
yields, enhance food security and change the economic landscape of rural
communities.

Gbeneol enjoined all beneficiaries of the intervention project to ensure
judicious use of the input, " it is in so doing that there will be an
improvement in the way we live".

According to her, the MDGs Office, in collaboration with the Federal Ministry of
Agriculture, will implement high impact intervention at the grassroots since it
has been established that the eradication of extreme poverty and hunger is
central to the efforts to attain all the other MDGs.

She stressed that the collaboration has led to the improvement in the value
chains of more than ten crops, with capacity development for women and youths as
well as the provision of basic farm infrastructure and agricultural inputs.

The SSAP stated that the MDGs Office was implementing an innovative conditional
cash transfer scheme, which adopts a multi-faceted approach in its engagement
with the issues of hunger and poverty reduction.

This scheme engages low-income households across the states of the federation
with the provision of the sum of N100,000 as seed grant to start up an
agricultural enterprise as an exit strategy.

She said, the condition for the release of the sum was the completion of a
3-month training in an agricultural business, adding that the MDGs Conditional
Grants Scheme is funding agricultural cooperatives in local government areas
(LGAs) across the country which are structured to address targeted value chains
in the different regions that demonstrate the greatest marginal return in the
output of agricultural produce.

Gbeneol noted that the aim of the intervention was to create capacity at the
local government level to maximize the productive capacity of local
co-operatives in order to augment the interventions being made by the Federal
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development.

The post MDGs: FG distributes 230,000 bags of  fertilizer to farmers appeared
first on The Sun News.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2014 The Sun Publishing Limited
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

Minnesota: Lt. Governor Tina Smith, Department of Employment and Economic
Development Announce $34 Million for 42 Broadband Projects Across Greater
Minnesota

LENGTH: 3691  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Office of the Governor Mark Dayton, Minnesota has issued the
following news release:



 Lt. Governor Tina Smith and the Department of Employment and Economic
Development (DEED) today announced grants totaling $34 million for 42 broadband
infrastructure projects that will provide 16,627 households, 2,240 businesses,
and 71 community institutions across Minnesota access to reliable, affordable
high-speed internet. The new state funding will help level the playing field for
households and businesses in Greater Minnesota by providing them access the same
opportunities available to urban area residents. Governor Dayton and Lt.
Governor Smith secured the $34 million to expand high-speed internet access
during the 2016 Legislative Session, after first proposing a $100 million
investment.



 "This expansion of broadband that we are announcing today will level the
playing field and expand education, health and job opportunities for thousands
of Minnesotans. It's not fair when almost 20 percent of Greater Minnesota
households don't have access to opportunity because they don't have the same
broadband connections as their friends and family in the cities," said Lt.
Governor Tina Smith. "We are fixing this: since we started, $66 million in
public investment has been matched by over $81.7 million in private funding.
This expansion of broadband has connected doctors to patients, students to
school, people to jobs, and farmers and businesses to data and markets around
the world. Governor Dayton and I will continue to advocate for high speed,
affordable, reliable internet access during the 2017 Legislative Session until
everyone is connected."

 Minnesota's Border-to-Border Broadband Development Program provides internet
providers grants to expand broadband service to areas of Minnesota that are
unserved or underserved. The funding pays for up to 50 percent of the cost of
developing broadband for improved high-speed internet in communities across the
state.

 "These grants will make it possible for people, businesses and institutions
throughout Greater Minnesota to have access to high-speed internet," said DEED
Commissioner Shawntera Hardy. "Broadband is an important economic development
tool that will improve people's quality of life and make businesses more
competitive."

 Dayton-Smith Administration's Broadband Investment
 Governor Dayton and Lt. Governor Smith have proposed $151 million in funding to
expand affordable, reliable broadband internet access in Greater Minnesota since
2014. The Dayton-Smith Administration has secured a total of $66 million in
total for broadband infrastructure expansion. This funding expanded reliable,
afford broadband access to 25,949 households, 3,176 businesses, and 244
community institutions in Greater Minnesota. More information about projects
funded in 2014 and 2015 can be found here.

 The Governor's Task Force on Broadband, a nonpartisan group charged with
analyzing Minnesota's broadband needs, recommended $100 million in on-going
biennial funding for the Border-to-Border Broadband Development Grant Program in
its 2016 Annual Report. In 2015, the Task Force determined a total investment of
at least $900 million is needed to ensure that all Minnesotans have broadband
internet regardless of where they live.

 2017 Broadband Infrastructure Grant Awards
 This year, Lt. Governor Smith and DEED are announcing 42 projects in
communities across Minnesota. Below is a description of the projects and the
amount of funding awarded in the latest round.

 Northeast


  Mediacom, Fayal Township - $263,345. This project will serve 167 unserved
households, 3 unserved businesses and 92 underserved households in Fayal
Township in St. Louis County. The township and Mediacom Minnesota LLC partnered
to identify areas where broadband access should be made available. The total
eligible project cost is $675,243, with a $411,898 local match.




  Mediacom, Harris Township - $224,369. The project will serve 262 unserved
households and 6 unserved businesses in Harris Township in Itasca County. The
Mediacom Minnesota LLC project will support business development, health care
and educational opportunities in the area. The total eligible project cost is
$773,686, with a $549,317 local match.




  Mille Lacs Energy Cooperative FTTP Project - $1.76 million. The project will
serve 763 unserved households, 2 unserved businesses, 2 unserved community
anchor institutions, 31 underserved households, and 2 underserved businesses in
Aitkin County. The Mille Lacs Energy Cooperative and Consolidated
Telecommunications Co. will partner to provide service levels that will enhance
businesses, employment, health care and educational experiences in the region.
The total eligible project cost is $3.5 million, with a $1.76 million local
match.




  Paul Bunyan Communications, Hubbard, Becker and Itasca Counties - $1.74
million. The project will serve 785 unserved households, 26 unserved businesses,
two unserved community anchor institutions, 143 underserved households and two
underserved businesses in north central Minnesota. Paul Bunyan will improve
service levels to an estimated 2,750 people and nearly 50 small businesses. The
total eligible project cost is $3.48 million, with a $1.74 million local match.


 Northwest


  CenturyLink, Thief River Middle Mile - $1.32 million. The project will serve
491 unserved households and 118 unserved businesses in an area from Thief River
to Roseau. CenturyLink will provide improved services that will encourage
business development and increase access to education and health care in the
region. The total eligible project cost is $2.65 million, with $1.3 million
local match.




  Garden Valley Telephone Co., Rural Thief River Falls East - $2.03 million. The
project will serve 330 unserved households, 23 unserved businesses and 2
community anchor institutions in rural Thief River Falls. Garden Valley
Telephone will upgrade broadband services that will improve economic and
community vitality in the region. The total eligible project cost is $4.2
million, with a $2.2 million local match.




  Halstad Telephone Co., Kertsonville Area - $296,665. The project will serve 51
unserved households in Kertsonville and Onstad townships in Polk County. Halstad
Telephone Co. will improve service levels that benefit farmers, home businesses
and residents. The total eligible project cost is $593,330, with a $296,665
local match.




  Sjoberg's Inc., Roseau and Lake of the Woods Counties - $354,740. The project
will serve 126 unserved households, 30 unserved businesses and one community
anchor institution in several areas of Roseau and Lake of the Woods counties.
The project will improve community well-being and encourage job growth and
business expansion. The total eligible project cost is $709,481, with a $354,740
local match.




  Wikstrom Telephone Co. (with Beamco Inc.), Rural Alvarado - $43,481. The
project will serve 11 unserved households and 1 unserved business in the
Alvarado area, in a remote part of Marshall County. The telephone company and
Beamco Inc., a local engineering and manufacturing company, are partnering to
improve services in the area. The project will enable Beamco to reach its
suppliers and customers in the U.S., Canada, Europe and China. The total
eligible project cost is $86,963, with a $43,482 local match.




  Wikstrom Telephone Co., Wiktel NW MN - $950,823. This project will serve 236
unserved households and 26 unserved businesses in sparsely populated areas of
Kittson, Marshall, Roseau and Lake of the Woods counties. The project will
provide improved service that encourages job growth and business expansion in
the region. The total eligible project cost is $2.11 million, with a $1.16
million local match.


 West Central


  Consolidated Telecommunications Co., Kandiyohi County - $4.94 million. The
project will serve 1,439 unserved households, 149 unserved businesses and four
community anchor institutions in the New London, Spicer and Willmar areas.
Consolidated Telecommunications Co. will improve broadband service to advance
community and economic development. The total eligible project cost is $9.87
million, with a $4.94 million local match.




  Frontier, Kandiyohi Initiative - $1.02 million. The project will serve 1,147
unserved households, 7 unserved businesses and 7 unserved community anchor
institutions in rural Kandiyohi County. Frontier will provide broadband services
that will help businesses grow and will improve work-life balance for employees.
The total eligible project cost is $2.03 million, with $1.01 million local
match.




  Gardonville Cooperative Telephone, Douglas County Lake Louise - $68,240. The
project will serve 28 unserved households and 7 unserved businesses in the Lake
Louise area. The Gardonville Cooperative Telephone Association project will
improve business development and help attract new residents and employees to the
area. Total eligible project cost is $153,348, with a $85,108 local match.




  Otter Tail Telcom, Battle Lake - $238,170. This project will serve 62 unserved
households in the Clitherall and Battle Lake areas. Otter Tail Telecom will
provide services that will improve telecommuting opportunities for workers,
encourage residents to start businesses, and serve as a magnet for attracting
new businesses. The total eligible project cost is $476,340, with a $238,170
local match.




  Otter Tail Telcom, Fergus Falls Area - $279,271. The project will serve 79
unserved households near Elizabeth and in rural Fergus Falls. Otter Tail Telecom
will provide services that will improve telecommuting opportunities for workers,
encourage residents to start new businesses, and serve as a magnet for
attracting new businesses. The total eligible project cost is $558,542, with
$279,271 local match.




  Runestone Telephone, Holmes City 2 - $700,674. The project will serve 267
unserved households and 32 unserved businesses in the Holmes City area in
Douglas County. Runestone will build on its 2015 broadband grant project to
expand further into the Holmes City area. Goals of the project include reducing
the number of people leaving the area, reducing economic disparities and
mitigating the digital divide. The total eligible project cost is $1.4 million,
with a $700,674 local match.




  West Central Telephone Association, Wadena Rural North - $718,850. The project
will serve 174 unserved households, 13 unserved businesses and two community
anchor institutions in Bluffton and Blowers townships in Otter Tail County and
portions of Rockwood, Leaf River, North Germany and Wing River townships,
including the community of Bluegrass, in Wadena County. The total eligible
project cost is $1.5 million, with a $778,755 local match.


 East Central


  Albany Mutual Telephone Association, Big Watab Lake - $726,185. The project
will serve 242 unserved households in the Big Watab Lake area in Stearns County.
Albany Mutual will improve service for families that need high-speed broadband
for school and work. The total eligible project cost is $1.45 million, with a
$726,185 local match.




  Benton Cooperative Telephone Co., Bock - $510,000. This project will serve 337
unserved households, 37 unserved businesses and 1 community anchor institution
in Bock and portions of Hayland and Borgholm townships in Mille Lacs County and
a portion of South Fork Township in Kanabec County. Benton Cooperative will
provide services that will improve educational opportunities, telemedicine,
telecommuting and business development. The total eligible project cost is $1.76
million, with a $1.25 million local match.




  Benton Cooperative Telephone Co., Buckman - $276,230. The project will serve
130 unserved households, 17 unserved businesses and 1 community anchor
institution in Buckman and sections of Buckman and Morrill townships in Morrison
County. Benton Cooperative will provide services that will improve educational
opportunities, telemedicine, telecommuting and business development. The total
eligible project cost is $708,287, with a $432,057 local match.




  Benton Cooperative Telephone Co., Ramey - $225,100. The project will serve 122
unserved households and 5 unserved businesses in rural Ramey. Benton Cooperative
will provide services that will improve educational opportunities, telemedicine,
telecommuting and business development. The total eligible project cost is
$776,220, with a $551,120 local match.




  Mediacom, Medina - $170,868. The project will serve 76 unserved households and
35 underserved households in rural western Hennepin County. Mediacom Minnesota
LLC will make broadband improvements that support business development, health
care and educational opportunities in the area. The total eligible project cost
is $589,203, with a $418,335 local match.




  Palmer Wireless, Big Lake Industrial Park - $90,988. The project will serve 17
underserved businesses and 1 underserved community anchor institution in the Big
Lake Industrial Park. Palmer Wireless will improve services that will have a
positive impact on the economic health of Big Lake and businesses in the park.
The total eligible project cost is $211,600, with a $120,612 local match.




  Palmer Wireless, Del Tone Road and St. Cloud Airport - $179,400. This project
will serve 14 unserved businesses and 1 unserved community anchor institution on
the east side of St. Cloud. Palmer Wireless will make improvements that will
upgrade business connectivity in the Highway 10 corridor, increasing business
development opportunities and customer access. The total eligible project cost
is $460,000, with a $280,600 local match.




  Sunrise Township (CenturyLink), Fiber to the Home - $1.07 million. This
project will serve 584 unserved households, 10 unserved businesses and 2
community anchor institutions in rural Sunrise Township in Chisago County. The
CenturyLink project will improve business, education, health care and
telecommuting opportunities in the area. The total eligible project cost is
$2.39 million, with a $1.31 million local match.




  TDS Telecom, Cass and Crow Wing Counties - $3 million. This project will serve
3,459 unserved households, 62 unserved businesses and 4 community anchor
institutions in Cass and Crow Wing counties, including Backus, Hackensack, Ideal
Corners, Pequot Lakes, Pine River and Woman Lake. TDS Telecom (dba Arvig
Telephone Co.) will provide improved services for 142 small enterprises that do
not have access to high-speed internet. The total eligible project cost is $6
million, with a $3 million local match.


 Southwest


  Arvig-Redwood County Telephone, Middle Mile Fiber Extension - $27,998. This
project will serve 15 unserved households and 20 unserved businesses near
Morgan. Arvig-Redwood Telephone will improve service levels to this rural area,
which is home to Minnesota's annual FarmFest and relies on quality broadband
service for precision agriculture applications and to monitor crops and
livestock. The total eligible project cost is $62,218, with a $34,220 local
match.




  Granada Telephone Co. (dba BEVCOMM), South Rural Granada - $157,920. This
project will serve 26 unserved households and 14 unserved businesses in the
rural Granada area in Martin County. Granada Telephone will provide advanced
broadband services to farms and residences in the area. The total eligible
project cost is $394,800, with a $236,880 local match.




  Lismore Cooperative Telephone Co., Nobles County Broadband - $2.94 million.
This project will serve 469 unserved households, 1,060 unserved businesses and 6
unserved community anchor institutions in Nobles County. Lismore Cooperative and
other partners will provide services that improve opportunities for health care,
education and telecommuting. The total eligible project cost is $5.89 million,
with a $2.94 million local match.




  Martin County (with Frontier), Rural Broadband Initiative - $1.68 million.
This project will serve 1,784 unserved households, 51 unserved businesses and
nine unserved community institutions in Martin County. Frontier Communications
will partner with Martin County to provide services that will attract economic
development and make businesses more competitive. The total eligible project
cost is $3.5 million, with a $1.82 million local match.




  Midco, Canby to Marshall Middle Mile and Last Mile in
Porter-Taunton-Minneota-Ghent - $623,000. This project will serve 1,029 unserved
households, 29 unserved businesses and 11 unserved community institutions in the
communities of Porter, Taunton, Minneota, Ghent and Canby in Yellow Medicine and
Lyon counties. Midco will improve service levels for 100 percent of the homes
and businesses in those areas. The total eligible project costs are $1.6
million, with a $976,000 local match.




  New Ulm Telecom Inc., Hanska - $200,397. This project will serve 14 unserved
households and 32 unserved businesses in Lake Hanska Township in Brown County
and Riverdale Township in Watonwan County. New Ulm Telephone will improve
service levels in an area populated with farms and home-based businesses. The
total eligible project cost is $445,326, with a $244,929 local match.




  Renville County, Hiawatha Broadband Communications & RS Fiber - $807,966. This
project will serve 193 unserved households, 99 unserved businesses and th3ree
community anchor institutions in portions of Preston Lake, Boon Lake,
Brookfield, Osceola, Kingman, Winfield, Crooks, Erickson, Sacred Heart (North),
Emmet, Flora, Henryville, Norfolk, Birch Cooley, Camp and Cairo townships in
Renville County. Hiawatha Broadband Communications and RS Fiber will provide
improved services that officials hope will stimulate business and population
growth. The total eligible project cost is $2.07 million, with a $1.26 million
local match.




  Woodstock Telephone, Westbrook - $412,391. This project will serve 368
unserved households, 29 unserved businesses and 7 unserved community anchor
institutions in Westbrook in Cottonwood County. Woodstock will improve services
that encourage business growth and more access to health care, education and
telecommuting opportunities. The total eligible project cost is $916,424, with a
$504,033 local match.


 Southeast


  Acentek, Rural Lanesboro Fiber Build - $1.78 million. This project will serve
431 unserved households, 42 unserved businesses and one community anchor
institution in the rural Lanesboro area, including Whalan, Carrolton Township
and Holt Township. The project will affect 22 business buildings and provide
telecommuting opportunities for employees of Rochester-based Mayo Clinic and IBM
who live in the Lanesboro area. The total eligible project cost is $4.68
million, with a $2.9 million local match.




  Blue Earth Valley Telephone Co. (dba BEVCOMM), Rural Winnebago - $152,828.
This project will serve 18 unserved households (including farms), 8 unserved
businesses, 2 underserved households and three underserved businesses in rural
Winnebago in Faribault County. Blue Earth Valley Telephone will improve services
that will help livestock and grain farmers in the region. The total eligible
project cost is $382,070, with a $229,242 local match.




  Cannon Valley Telecom Inc. (dba BEVCOMM), Rural Freeborn - $150,700. This
project will serve 10 unserved households, six unserved businesses, nine
underserved households and six underserved businesses in the rural Freeborn area
in Freeborn County. The Cannon Valley Telecom project will improve access to
health care and education. The total eligible project cost is $376,750, with a
$226,050 local match.




  Eckles Telephone Co. (dba BEVCOMM), Rural Heidelberg - $188,000. This project
will serve 51 unserved households, seven unserved businesses, 40 underserved
households and four underserved businesses in rural Heidelberg in Le Sueur
County. Eckles Telephone Co. will build a network that will enable farmers to
access applications and tools to make their operations more efficient and
enhance crop production. The project also will improve access to health care and
education. The total eligible project cost is $470,000, with a $282,000 local
match.




  KMTelecom, Rural Mantorville - $764,663. This project will serve 195 unserved
households, nine unserved businesses and one unserved community anchor
institution near Mantorville. The KMTelecom project will improve access to
education and health care and encourage business development in the area. The
total eligible project cost is $1.96 million, with a $1.2 million local match.




  New Ulm Telecom Inc., Goodhue-Bellechester - $332,328. This project will serve
15 unserved households, 46 unserved businesses, 25 underserved households, 43
underserved businesses and 1 underserved community anchor institution in the
area of Bellechester in Goodhue County. The New Ulm Telecom project will benefit
farms, home-based businesses, telecommuters, a USDA office, Ag Partners, Goodhue
school system, and several banking institutions and insurance companies. The
total eligible project cost is $739,107, with a $406,779 local match.




  New Ulm Telecom Inc., Mazeppa - $317,761. This project will serve 87 unserved
households, 11 unserved businesses and 66 underserved households in Mazeppa
Township in Wabasha County. New Ulm Telecom will improve services that will
benefit farms, home-based businesses, telecommuters, a USDA office, Ag Partners,
Mazeppa school system, and several banking institutions and insurance companies.
The total eligible project cost is $706,135, with a $388,374 local match.


 Winona County, Pickwick Area - $416,640. This project will serve 88 unserved
households, 89 unserved businesses, 2 unserved community anchor institutions, 23
underserved households and 23 underserved businesses within Wilson, Homer,
Richmond, Pleasant Hill and Wiscoy townships in Winona County. Hiawatha
Broadband Communications will provide improved services for home businesses and
telecommuters. The total eligible project cost is $868,000, with a $451,360
local match






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

Minnesota: Lt. Governor Tina Smith, Department of Employment and Economic
Development Announce $34 Million for 42 Broadband Projects Across Greater
Minnesota

LENGTH: 3691  words

DATELINE: New York



 Saint Paul: The Office of the Governor Mark Dayton, Minnesota has issued the
following news release:



 Lt. Governor Tina Smith and the Department of Employment and Economic
Development (DEED) today announced grants totaling $34 million for 42 broadband
infrastructure projects that will provide 16,627 households, 2,240 businesses,
and 71 community institutions across Minnesota access to reliable, affordable
high-speed internet. The new state funding will help level the playing field for
households and businesses in Greater Minnesota by providing them access the same
opportunities available to urban area residents. Governor Dayton and Lt.
Governor Smith secured the $34 million to expand high-speed internet access
during the 2016 Legislative Session, after first proposing a $100 million
investment.



 "This expansion of broadband that we are announcing today will level the
playing field and expand education, health and job opportunities for thousands
of Minnesotans. It's not fair when almost 20 percent of Greater Minnesota
households don't have access to opportunity because they don't have the same
broadband connections as their friends and family in the cities," said Lt.
Governor Tina Smith. "We are fixing this: since we started, $66 million in
public investment has been matched by over $81.7 million in private funding.
This expansion of broadband has connected doctors to patients, students to
school, people to jobs, and farmers and businesses to data and markets around
the world. Governor Dayton and I will continue to advocate for high speed,
affordable, reliable internet access during the 2017 Legislative Session until
everyone is connected."

 Minnesota's Border-to-Border Broadband Development Program provides internet
providers grants to expand broadband service to areas of Minnesota that are
unserved or underserved. The funding pays for up to 50 percent of the cost of
developing broadband for improved high-speed internet in communities across the
state.

 "These grants will make it possible for people, businesses and institutions
throughout Greater Minnesota to have access to high-speed internet," said DEED
Commissioner Shawntera Hardy. "Broadband is an important economic development
tool that will improve people's quality of life and make businesses more
competitive."

 Dayton-Smith Administration's Broadband Investment
 Governor Dayton and Lt. Governor Smith have proposed $151 million in funding to
expand affordable, reliable broadband internet access in Greater Minnesota since
2014. The Dayton-Smith Administration has secured a total of $66 million in
total for broadband infrastructure expansion. This funding expanded reliable,
afford broadband access to 25,949 households, 3,176 businesses, and 244
community institutions in Greater Minnesota. More information about projects
funded in 2014 and 2015 can be found here.

 The Governor's Task Force on Broadband, a nonpartisan group charged with
analyzing Minnesota's broadband needs, recommended $100 million in on-going
biennial funding for the Border-to-Border Broadband Development Grant Program in
its 2016 Annual Report. In 2015, the Task Force determined a total investment of
at least $900 million is needed to ensure that all Minnesotans have broadband
internet regardless of where they live.

 2017 Broadband Infrastructure Grant Awards
 This year, Lt. Governor Smith and DEED are announcing 42 projects in
communities across Minnesota. Below is a description of the projects and the
amount of funding awarded in the latest round.

 Northeast


  Mediacom, Fayal Township - $263,345. This project will serve 167 unserved
households, 3 unserved businesses and 92 underserved households in Fayal
Township in St. Louis County. The township and Mediacom Minnesota LLC partnered
to identify areas where broadband access should be made available. The total
eligible project cost is $675,243, with a $411,898 local match.




  Mediacom, Harris Township - $224,369. The project will serve 262 unserved
households and 6 unserved businesses in Harris Township in Itasca County. The
Mediacom Minnesota LLC project will support business development, health care
and educational opportunities in the area. The total eligible project cost is
$773,686, with a $549,317 local match.




  Mille Lacs Energy Cooperative FTTP Project - $1.76 million. The project will
serve 763 unserved households, 2 unserved businesses, 2 unserved community
anchor institutions, 31 underserved households, and 2 underserved businesses in
Aitkin County. The Mille Lacs Energy Cooperative and Consolidated
Telecommunications Co. will partner to provide service levels that will enhance
businesses, employment, health care and educational experiences in the region.
The total eligible project cost is $3.5 million, with a $1.76 million local
match.




  Paul Bunyan Communications, Hubbard, Becker and Itasca Counties - $1.74
million. The project will serve 785 unserved households, 26 unserved businesses,
two unserved community anchor institutions, 143 underserved households and two
underserved businesses in north central Minnesota. Paul Bunyan will improve
service levels to an estimated 2,750 people and nearly 50 small businesses. The
total eligible project cost is $3.48 million, with a $1.74 million local match.


 Northwest


  CenturyLink, Thief River Middle Mile - $1.32 million. The project will serve
491 unserved households and 118 unserved businesses in an area from Thief River
to Roseau. CenturyLink will provide improved services that will encourage
business development and increase access to education and health care in the
region. The total eligible project cost is $2.65 million, with $1.3 million
local match.




  Garden Valley Telephone Co., Rural Thief River Falls East - $2.03 million. The
project will serve 330 unserved households, 23 unserved businesses and 2
community anchor institutions in rural Thief River Falls. Garden Valley
Telephone will upgrade broadband services that will improve economic and
community vitality in the region. The total eligible project cost is $4.2
million, with a $2.2 million local match.




  Halstad Telephone Co., Kertsonville Area - $296,665. The project will serve 51
unserved households in Kertsonville and Onstad townships in Polk County. Halstad
Telephone Co. will improve service levels that benefit farmers, home businesses
and residents. The total eligible project cost is $593,330, with a $296,665
local match.




  Sjoberg's Inc., Roseau and Lake of the Woods Counties - $354,740. The project
will serve 126 unserved households, 30 unserved businesses and one community
anchor institution in several areas of Roseau and Lake of the Woods counties.
The project will improve community well-being and encourage job growth and
business expansion. The total eligible project cost is $709,481, with a $354,740
local match.




  Wikstrom Telephone Co. (with Beamco Inc.), Rural Alvarado - $43,481. The
project will serve 11 unserved households and 1 unserved business in the
Alvarado area, in a remote part of Marshall County. The telephone company and
Beamco Inc., a local engineering and manufacturing company, are partnering to
improve services in the area. The project will enable Beamco to reach its
suppliers and customers in the U.S., Canada, Europe and China. The total
eligible project cost is $86,963, with a $43,482 local match.




  Wikstrom Telephone Co., Wiktel NW MN - $950,823. This project will serve 236
unserved households and 26 unserved businesses in sparsely populated areas of
Kittson, Marshall, Roseau and Lake of the Woods counties. The project will
provide improved service that encourages job growth and business expansion in
the region. The total eligible project cost is $2.11 million, with a $1.16
million local match.


 West Central


  Consolidated Telecommunications Co., Kandiyohi County - $4.94 million. The
project will serve 1,439 unserved households, 149 unserved businesses and four
community anchor institutions in the New London, Spicer and Willmar areas.
Consolidated Telecommunications Co. will improve broadband service to advance
community and economic development. The total eligible project cost is $9.87
million, with a $4.94 million local match.




  Frontier, Kandiyohi Initiative - $1.02 million. The project will serve 1,147
unserved households, 7 unserved businesses and 7 unserved community anchor
institutions in rural Kandiyohi County. Frontier will provide broadband services
that will help businesses grow and will improve work-life balance for employees.
The total eligible project cost is $2.03 million, with $1.01 million local
match.




  Gardonville Cooperative Telephone, Douglas County Lake Louise - $68,240. The
project will serve 28 unserved households and 7 unserved businesses in the Lake
Louise area. The Gardonville Cooperative Telephone Association project will
improve business development and help attract new residents and employees to the
area. Total eligible project cost is $153,348, with a $85,108 local match.




  Otter Tail Telcom, Battle Lake - $238,170. This project will serve 62 unserved
households in the Clitherall and Battle Lake areas. Otter Tail Telecom will
provide services that will improve telecommuting opportunities for workers,
encourage residents to start businesses, and serve as a magnet for attracting
new businesses. The total eligible project cost is $476,340, with a $238,170
local match.




  Otter Tail Telcom, Fergus Falls Area - $279,271. The project will serve 79
unserved households near Elizabeth and in rural Fergus Falls. Otter Tail Telecom
will provide services that will improve telecommuting opportunities for workers,
encourage residents to start new businesses, and serve as a magnet for
attracting new businesses. The total eligible project cost is $558,542, with
$279,271 local match.




  Runestone Telephone, Holmes City 2 - $700,674. The project will serve 267
unserved households and 32 unserved businesses in the Holmes City area in
Douglas County. Runestone will build on its 2015 broadband grant project to
expand further into the Holmes City area. Goals of the project include reducing
the number of people leaving the area, reducing economic disparities and
mitigating the digital divide. The total eligible project cost is $1.4 million,
with a $700,674 local match.




  West Central Telephone Association, Wadena Rural North - $718,850. The project
will serve 174 unserved households, 13 unserved businesses and two community
anchor institutions in Bluffton and Blowers townships in Otter Tail County and
portions of Rockwood, Leaf River, North Germany and Wing River townships,
including the community of Bluegrass, in Wadena County. The total eligible
project cost is $1.5 million, with a $778,755 local match.


 East Central


  Albany Mutual Telephone Association, Big Watab Lake - $726,185. The project
will serve 242 unserved households in the Big Watab Lake area in Stearns County.
Albany Mutual will improve service for families that need high-speed broadband
for school and work. The total eligible project cost is $1.45 million, with a
$726,185 local match.




  Benton Cooperative Telephone Co., Bock - $510,000. This project will serve 337
unserved households, 37 unserved businesses and 1 community anchor institution
in Bock and portions of Hayland and Borgholm townships in Mille Lacs County and
a portion of South Fork Township in Kanabec County. Benton Cooperative will
provide services that will improve educational opportunities, telemedicine,
telecommuting and business development. The total eligible project cost is $1.76
million, with a $1.25 million local match.




  Benton Cooperative Telephone Co., Buckman - $276,230. The project will serve
130 unserved households, 17 unserved businesses and 1 community anchor
institution in Buckman and sections of Buckman and Morrill townships in Morrison
County. Benton Cooperative will provide services that will improve educational
opportunities, telemedicine, telecommuting and business development. The total
eligible project cost is $708,287, with a $432,057 local match.




  Benton Cooperative Telephone Co., Ramey - $225,100. The project will serve 122
unserved households and 5 unserved businesses in rural Ramey. Benton Cooperative
will provide services that will improve educational opportunities, telemedicine,
telecommuting and business development. The total eligible project cost is
$776,220, with a $551,120 local match.




  Mediacom, Medina - $170,868. The project will serve 76 unserved households and
35 underserved households in rural western Hennepin County. Mediacom Minnesota
LLC will make broadband improvements that support business development, health
care and educational opportunities in the area. The total eligible project cost
is $589,203, with a $418,335 local match.




  Palmer Wireless, Big Lake Industrial Park - $90,988. The project will serve 17
underserved businesses and 1 underserved community anchor institution in the Big
Lake Industrial Park. Palmer Wireless will improve services that will have a
positive impact on the economic health of Big Lake and businesses in the park.
The total eligible project cost is $211,600, with a $120,612 local match.




  Palmer Wireless, Del Tone Road and St. Cloud Airport - $179,400. This project
will serve 14 unserved businesses and 1 unserved community anchor institution on
the east side of St. Cloud. Palmer Wireless will make improvements that will
upgrade business connectivity in the Highway 10 corridor, increasing business
development opportunities and customer access. The total eligible project cost
is $460,000, with a $280,600 local match.




  Sunrise Township (CenturyLink), Fiber to the Home - $1.07 million. This
project will serve 584 unserved households, 10 unserved businesses and 2
community anchor institutions in rural Sunrise Township in Chisago County. The
CenturyLink project will improve business, education, health care and
telecommuting opportunities in the area. The total eligible project cost is
$2.39 million, with a $1.31 million local match.




  TDS Telecom, Cass and Crow Wing Counties - $3 million. This project will serve
3,459 unserved households, 62 unserved businesses and 4 community anchor
institutions in Cass and Crow Wing counties, including Backus, Hackensack, Ideal
Corners, Pequot Lakes, Pine River and Woman Lake. TDS Telecom (dba Arvig
Telephone Co.) will provide improved services for 142 small enterprises that do
not have access to high-speed internet. The total eligible project cost is $6
million, with a $3 million local match.


 Southwest


  Arvig-Redwood County Telephone, Middle Mile Fiber Extension - $27,998. This
project will serve 15 unserved households and 20 unserved businesses near
Morgan. Arvig-Redwood Telephone will improve service levels to this rural area,
which is home to Minnesota's annual FarmFest and relies on quality broadband
service for precision agriculture applications and to monitor crops and
livestock. The total eligible project cost is $62,218, with a $34,220 local
match.




  Granada Telephone Co. (dba BEVCOMM), South Rural Granada - $157,920. This
project will serve 26 unserved households and 14 unserved businesses in the
rural Granada area in Martin County. Granada Telephone will provide advanced
broadband services to farms and residences in the area. The total eligible
project cost is $394,800, with a $236,880 local match.




  Lismore Cooperative Telephone Co., Nobles County Broadband - $2.94 million.
This project will serve 469 unserved households, 1,060 unserved businesses and 6
unserved community anchor institutions in Nobles County. Lismore Cooperative and
other partners will provide services that improve opportunities for health care,
education and telecommuting. The total eligible project cost is $5.89 million,
with a $2.94 million local match.




  Martin County (with Frontier), Rural Broadband Initiative - $1.68 million.
This project will serve 1,784 unserved households, 51 unserved businesses and
nine unserved community institutions in Martin County. Frontier Communications
will partner with Martin County to provide services that will attract economic
development and make businesses more competitive. The total eligible project
cost is $3.5 million, with a $1.82 million local match.




  Midco, Canby to Marshall Middle Mile and Last Mile in
Porter-Taunton-Minneota-Ghent - $623,000. This project will serve 1,029 unserved
households, 29 unserved businesses and 11 unserved community institutions in the
communities of Porter, Taunton, Minneota, Ghent and Canby in Yellow Medicine and
Lyon counties. Midco will improve service levels for 100 percent of the homes
and businesses in those areas. The total eligible project costs are $1.6
million, with a $976,000 local match.




  New Ulm Telecom Inc., Hanska - $200,397. This project will serve 14 unserved
households and 32 unserved businesses in Lake Hanska Township in Brown County
and Riverdale Township in Watonwan County. New Ulm Telephone will improve
service levels in an area populated with farms and home-based businesses. The
total eligible project cost is $445,326, with a $244,929 local match.




  Renville County, Hiawatha Broadband Communications & RS Fiber - $807,966. This
project will serve 193 unserved households, 99 unserved businesses and th3ree
community anchor institutions in portions of Preston Lake, Boon Lake,
Brookfield, Osceola, Kingman, Winfield, Crooks, Erickson, Sacred Heart (North),
Emmet, Flora, Henryville, Norfolk, Birch Cooley, Camp and Cairo townships in
Renville County. Hiawatha Broadband Communications and RS Fiber will provide
improved services that officials hope will stimulate business and population
growth. The total eligible project cost is $2.07 million, with a $1.26 million
local match.




  Woodstock Telephone, Westbrook - $412,391. This project will serve 368
unserved households, 29 unserved businesses and 7 unserved community anchor
institutions in Westbrook in Cottonwood County. Woodstock will improve services
that encourage business growth and more access to health care, education and
telecommuting opportunities. The total eligible project cost is $916,424, with a
$504,033 local match.


 Southeast


  Acentek, Rural Lanesboro Fiber Build - $1.78 million. This project will serve
431 unserved households, 42 unserved businesses and one community anchor
institution in the rural Lanesboro area, including Whalan, Carrolton Township
and Holt Township. The project will affect 22 business buildings and provide
telecommuting opportunities for employees of Rochester-based Mayo Clinic and IBM
who live in the Lanesboro area. The total eligible project cost is $4.68
million, with a $2.9 million local match.




  Blue Earth Valley Telephone Co. (dba BEVCOMM), Rural Winnebago - $152,828.
This project will serve 18 unserved households (including farms), 8 unserved
businesses, 2 underserved households and three underserved businesses in rural
Winnebago in Faribault County. Blue Earth Valley Telephone will improve services
that will help livestock and grain farmers in the region. The total eligible
project cost is $382,070, with a $229,242 local match.




  Cannon Valley Telecom Inc. (dba BEVCOMM), Rural Freeborn - $150,700. This
project will serve 10 unserved households, six unserved businesses, nine
underserved households and six underserved businesses in the rural Freeborn area
in Freeborn County. The Cannon Valley Telecom project will improve access to
health care and education. The total eligible project cost is $376,750, with a
$226,050 local match.




  Eckles Telephone Co. (dba BEVCOMM), Rural Heidelberg - $188,000. This project
will serve 51 unserved households, seven unserved businesses, 40 underserved
households and four underserved businesses in rural Heidelberg in Le Sueur
County. Eckles Telephone Co. will build a network that will enable farmers to
access applications and tools to make their operations more efficient and
enhance crop production. The project also will improve access to health care and
education. The total eligible project cost is $470,000, with a $282,000 local
match.




  KMTelecom, Rural Mantorville - $764,663. This project will serve 195 unserved
households, nine unserved businesses and one unserved community anchor
institution near Mantorville. The KMTelecom project will improve access to
education and health care and encourage business development in the area. The
total eligible project cost is $1.96 million, with a $1.2 million local match.




  New Ulm Telecom Inc., Goodhue-Bellechester - $332,328. This project will serve
15 unserved households, 46 unserved businesses, 25 underserved households, 43
underserved businesses and 1 underserved community anchor institution in the
area of Bellechester in Goodhue County. The New Ulm Telecom project will benefit
farms, home-based businesses, telecommuters, a USDA office, Ag Partners, Goodhue
school system, and several banking institutions and insurance companies. The
total eligible project cost is $739,107, with a $406,779 local match.




  New Ulm Telecom Inc., Mazeppa - $317,761. This project will serve 87 unserved
households, 11 unserved businesses and 66 underserved households in Mazeppa
Township in Wabasha County. New Ulm Telecom will improve services that will
benefit farms, home-based businesses, telecommuters, a USDA office, Ag Partners,
Mazeppa school system, and several banking institutions and insurance companies.
The total eligible project cost is $706,135, with a $388,374 local match.


 Winona County, Pickwick Area - $416,640. This project will serve 88 unserved
households, 89 unserved businesses, 2 unserved community anchor institutions, 23
underserved households and 23 underserved businesses within Wilson, Homer,
Richmond, Pleasant Hill and Wiscoy townships in Winona County. Hiawatha
Broadband Communications will provide improved services for home businesses and
telecommuters. The total eligible project cost is $868,000, with a $451,360
local match






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              711 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 11, 2015 Tuesday

Projet d Agroforesterie pour la production de cacao au profit de la cooperative
SCINPA D AGBOVILLE (Agroforestry Project for cocoa production to benefit the
cooperative SCINPA OF AGBOVILLE)

LENGTH: 591  words


Area Of Work:Land Degradation
Operational Phase:Phase 5
Grant Amount:US$ 13,559.11
Description : I. Presentation of the organization, experience, etc.
Solidaridad West Africa Network is a non-governmental organization with
headquarters in Abidjan Cocody. She works in the field of agricultural products
combined with a fair trade to provide solutions for the fight against poverty in
rural areas, preservation of the environment and the planet's resources in a
context of a globalized economy.


With 13 employees to its credit, the NGO has five (5) years of activities for
six (6) executed projects.
II. Problematic
The forest heritage which covered an area of ??16 million hectares in 1990
passed within 2.32 million hectares currently. This deterioration is due to
intensive agriculture dominated by the cocoa crop.
Given this situation, this project intends to encourage cocoa farmers through
their cooperative to adopt sustainable farming practices to improve their
income.
III. Project summary
The project is to encourage cocoa farmers to efficient use of land and natural
resources by increasing production by reducing adverse effects on humans, the
environment and the planet.
IV. Target:
Members of the cooperative Scinpa Agboville.
V. General Project Objective
Contributing to sustainable resource management improved income and living
conditions of farmers in the cooperative Scinpa Agboville.
VI. Specific objectives
- Raising awareness of the need to preserve the environment;
- Assist producers affiliated to the Scinpa cooperative to produce superior
quality cocoa;
- Improving the living conditions of communities Adamakro by installing solar
energy;
- Produce shade trees compatible with cocoa;
- Diversify sources of income of producers by the practice of beekeeping.
VII. Key Expected Results
The expected results are:
- Coverage of shade trees in plantations producers is increased;
- 100 farmers are trained on the practice of shade tree nurseries;
- 1000 nursery plants shade trees are compatible with cocoa products;
- 250 tonnes of cocoa well dried and merchantability are produced;
- 500 farmers are trained on good environmental practices;
VIII. Main activities
- Prospecting and identifying sites
- Training on shade trees and nursery techniques;
- Establishment of shade trees to nurseries;
- Capacity building on the production of shade trees and on good environmental
practices;
IX. Innovation, community participation and implementation strategy

Members of the cooperative are Scinpa involved in the project from design to the
implementation phase. They offer activities realization sites. They will help
the community of Agboville.
X. Gender Approach of the project and participation of women
The project will involve 56 women of the cooperative and other women in the
community who work in Agboville cocoa production. The goal is to reach at least
10 to 30% of women during training sessions and awareness.
XI. Profi
Project completion date : 2016-07-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : UNDP 01 B.P. 1747
Abidjan

Country :Cote D'Ivoire
Email : CyriaqueN@unops.org,gerardmg@unops.org

Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),Global Environment Facility Small
Grants Programme (SGP),United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)
One United Nations Plaza
10017
New York, NY
United States
Website : http://www.undp.org /


Telephone: +1 2129065000
Fax: +1 2129065364

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 3, 2010 Monday

Whitley Extension to tackle fine arts, community theater

BYLINE: Samantha Swindler, The Times-Tribune, Corbin, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 856 words


May 3--CORBIN -- A century ago, the University of Kentucky extension program
worked almost exclusively in agricultural endeavors.

But today, extension agents are bringing arts, music and theater to rural
Kentucky.

"The traditional perspective of extension is agriculture, but extension has
realized that they can play a significant role in community development and
economic development, so we've kind of moved into that direction," said Melissa
Bond with the Whitley County Extension.

For the past year, Bond has been the horticulture and family consumer sciences
assistant.

That position's been eliminated in Whitley County so Bond can become a full-time
fine arts agent -- one of only four in the state's 120 extension offices.

Bond plans to start a community theater program and rotating arts and crafts
exhibits at the CMA Center in Corbin.

"The closest fine arts agent is in Pikeville. That's three hours away, so it
really gives us a broad base to boost fine arts in southeast Kentucky," Bond
said.

University of Kentucky Extension is the first extension service in the nation to
create a fine arts position.

"It is a transformation and an evolution of what people think of when they think
of cooperative extension," said Dr. Jimmy Henning, associate director of the
Cooperative Extension Service at University of Kentucky. "One-hundred years ago,
in 1913, the whole extension was born to take the university to rural Kentucky.
The benefits that you might get from coming here, we were supposed to extend to
rural Kentucky, and it was built on a system of grassroots conversations --
'what do you need, what can we do' -- and it has grown to what it is today."

In the late 1800s, the U.S. government granted land for states to develop or
sell in order to establish colleges.

Through this program, the University of Kentucky was born.

But UK and its fellow colleges were to be institutions for the new, industrial
age. Instead of teaching classical studies, the land grant universities were
tasked with educating students about the applied and mechanical arts.

At its creation, the extension agency's primary purpose was to bring
agricultural knowledge to rural Kentuckians. Yet its overall goal was always
"community development," Henning said.

In today's economy, that also includes aid to local artisans and promotion of
the arts.

"Extension needs to evolve and not just do the same old things. We've always
been a kind of service that tried to build social capital within people,"
Henning said.

The first fine arts agent was placed in Pikeville in about 2003 or 2004, Henning
said. Others are located in Greenup and Mullenburg counties.

The Whitley County Extension board of directors requested to be the fourth
county to create a fine arts position.

"The Whitley County Extension leaders have really stepped up to say 'we think
this is another way that we can invest in the community,' and UK is certainly
ready to do that and support them in this," Henning said.

Bond has already been leading after-school theater classes at Whitley County
High School. She hopes to keep working with the teens, and expand her theater
projects to the general community.

Her first theater project will be based on the Whitley County Homemakers
Association, which includes a group of women who meet weekly to work on
traditional heritage quilts.

"The goal is to take my drama club at Whitley County High School and work with
students in that to go interview some of the quilt makers who have been quilting
for years... we're going to take the stories and turn it into a play or at least
a collection of monologues."

The Whitley County homemakers have 15-20 active quilt makers and about 10
members of a sewing club that meet weekly.

"It's becoming a lost art and we want to show it to a whole new generation,"
Bond said. "We'd really love to do a coordinating event at our farmers' market
that will be open this summer."

She's also looking at doing a show based on stories about Colonel Harlan
Sanders.

The theater will hold rehearsals at the extension office in Goldbug and
performances at the CMA Center in Corbin. Bond is planning a possible
performance during one of the Saturdays of the farmers' market, which starts on
the end of May.

But theater isn't the only plan for the fine arts program. Bond said she plans
to hold workshops educating local artisans on marketing opportunities and tax
breaks when selling their work.

The extension already hosts bluegrass and old-time music concerts, and Bond
hopes to expand these as well.

"I think the direction we want to go is really not just theater," Bond said. "We
also have so many artists and so many musicians that we want to make it an
all-reaching arts program, a cultural arts program."

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimestribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune, Corbin,
Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100503-KB-Whitley-Extension-to-tackle-fine-arts-community-theater-0503

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KB


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune


                              713 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

Co-ops and the Lame-Duck Congress

LENGTH: 489  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: America's Electric Cooperatives, has issued the following news
release:



   The year-end spending package approved by Congress contains good news, at
least in the short term, for electric cooperatives.





 But lawmakers kicked the can down on the road on several high-profile issues
important to co-ops.



 "We had some successes come out of the lame-duck session of Congress, and we
also took the opportunity to lay the groundwork for next year as we work on some
very large issues," said Kirk Johnson, NRECA senior vice president, government
relations.



 The House and Senate averted a government shutdown by agreeing to a fiscal 2017
continuing resolution that keeps operations running until April 28. The House
backed the measure Dec. 8 on a 326-96 vote, while the Senate passed it Dec. 9 on
a 63-36 vote, less than an hour before the deadline.



 It maintains level funding for programs critical to electric co-ops. The Rural
Utilities Service Electric Loan Program is funded at $5.5 billion, with an
additional $750 million for the Guaranteed Underwriter Loan Program, which helps
cooperative lenders borrow from the Federal Financing Bank.



 Additionally, the spending bill sets a $33.07 million level for the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) effort, which helps co-ops support
job creation and retention in rural areas.



 Another $8 million is set aside for the Rural Energy Savings Program, an
energy-efficiency program in the Department of Agriculture.



 Johnson noted legislators were unable to pass regular appropriations bills for
the fiscal year that started Oct. 1.



 "We'll keep working to ensure these and other co-op programs are adequately
funded when the next Congress works to pass a final package," he said.



 Sweeping energy legislation will be left to the 115th Congress and the Trump
administration, said House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis. House and Senate conference
committee members had worked to resolve differences between the chambers on
competing bills.



 Johnson said NRECA will push for provisions that address proper vegetation
management on utility rights of way across federal lands, clarify the role of
the North American Electric Reliability Corp. and repeal a 2007 requirement that
phases out fossil fuel use in new and renovated federal buildings.



 Also in a holding pattern is tax reform legislation to extend the tax credit
for geothermal heat pumps, a co-op priority.



 All pension legislation will be deferred, House officials announced. That's
important because co-op leaders and employees have submitted thousands of
messages supporting a reduction in federal insurance premiums paid by the
Retirement Security Plan to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp.



 Co-ops say increased costs could impair their ability to maintain benefit
programs for their employees.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                       April 4, 2015 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Three Unlicensed Maharashtra Co-Operative Banks Receive Rs 3.8 Billion Revival
Package

LENGTH: 202  words


April 4 -- Three unlicensed Maharashtra-based co-operative banks have received a
revival package of Rs 3.80  billion from the Maharashtra government, Indian
government and the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD),
ET reported.

The three banks are Buldhana CCB, Wardha CCB and Nagpur CCB. Reserve Bank of
India (RBI) had rejected the licenses of these co-operative (CCBs) in the state
in May last year owing to their weak fiscal status and non-fulfillment of
regulatory rules.

The Indian government, at the initiative of NABARD and to protect the interest
of cultivators and depositors from the operational area of the banks, decided to
offer a revival package along with the state government. This foresees interest
free loan, to be transformed into grant on completion of certain outcomes, of Rs
1.29 billion to the state government which will pass on the benefit to the three
banks.

While the share of the state government amounted to Rs 2.12 billion, it received
a loan of Rs 379.7 million from NABARD.

A Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), signifying obligations on all the concerned
sides, has been inked between the concerned parties to enable the turn-around of
the three unlicensed banks.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: USDA Announces Funding for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency
Projects

LENGTH: 781  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, Feb. 10, 2015 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced
that rural agricultural producers and small business owners can now apply for
resources to purchase and install renewable energy systems or make energy
efficiency improvements. These efforts help farmers, ranchers and other small
business owners save money on their energy bills, reduce America's dependence on
foreign oil, support America's clean energy economy, and cut carbon pollution.
The resources announced today are made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill.

"Developing renewable energy presents an enormous economic opportunity for rural
America," Vilsack said. "The funding we are making available will help farmers,
ranchers, business owners, tribal organizations and other entities incorporate
renewable energy and energy efficiency technology into their operations. Doing
so can help a business reduce energy use and costs while improving its bottom
line. While saving producers money and creating jobs, these investments reduce
dependence on foreign oil and cut carbon pollution as well."

USDA is making more than $280 million available to eligible applicants through
the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP). Application deadlines vary by
project type and the type of assistance requested. Details on how to apply are
on page 78029 of the December 29, 2014 Federal Register or are available by
contacting state Rural Development offices.

USDA is offering grants for up to 25 percent of total project costs and loan
guarantees for up to 75 percent of total project costs for renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvements. The REAP application window has been
expanded. USDA will now accept and review loan and grant applications
year-round.

Eligible renewable energy projects must incorporate commercially available
technology. This includes renewable energy from wind, solar, ocean, small
hydropower, hydrogen, geothermal and renewable biomass (including anaerobic
digesters). The maximum grant amount is $500,000, and the maximum loan amount is
$25 million per applicant.

Energy efficiency improvement projects eligible for REAP funding include
lighting, heating, cooling, ventilation, fans, automated controls and insulation
upgrades that reduce energy consumption. The maximum grant amount is $250,000,
and the maximum loan amount is $25 million per applicant.

USDA is offering a second type of grant to support organizations that help
farmers, ranchers and small businesses conduct energy audits and operate
renewable energy projects. Eligible applicants include: units of state, tribal
or local governments; colleges, universities and other institutions of higher
learning; rural electric cooperatives and public power entities, and
conservation and development districts. The maximum grant is $100,000.
Applications for these particular grants have been available since December 29
of last year and are due February 12.

The REAP program was created in the 2002 Farm Bill. Because of the success of
the program, Congress reauthorized it in the 2014 Farm Bill with guaranteed
funding of no less than $50 million in annual funding for the duration of the 5
year bill. The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America
over the past six years while achieving meaningful reform and billions of
dollars in savings for taxpayers.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded $545 million for more than 8,800 REAP projects
nationwide. This includes $361 million in REAP grants and loans for more than
2,900 renewable energy systems. When fully operational, these systems are
expected to generate more than 6 billion kilowatt hours annually - enough to
power more than 5.5 million homes for a year.

In 2013, owners of the Ideal Dairy restaurant in Richfield, Utah, used REAP
funding to install 80 solar modules and two 10-kilowatt inverters, which convert
energy from solar panels to electricity. The owners have saved, on average, $400
per month. These savings have helped them preserve their restaurant and
livelihood.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 28, 2014 Monday

Bowden, ND, rallies to start meat processing plant

BYLINE: Mikkel Pates, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1430 words


April 28--BOWDON, N.D. -- In an age when many small-town custom meat processing
operations are closing down, a few are rising up, with the help of friends and
hard work.

The latest example is Bowdon Meat Processing Cooperative, which opened Jan. 6 at
139 Warrington Ave. in downtown Bowdon, N.D.

The 3,100-square-foot facility, with $1.1 million in construction and start-up
costs, is a cheerful newcomer to Bowdon's main business street -- something of a
model of how communities can carry on traditions of supplying quality meat
processing.

The new business is really the result of an unexpected loss, officials say.

The community suffered a blow in 2008 when Tim Reberg, who owned Bowdon Locker
and Grocery, died at age 48. Fortunately, the community had a business
structure.

In 2001, community leaders established Bowden Development Center Inc. to restore
and preserve a school building for community functions. Faced with the loss of
the town's grocery and locker, the group formed Bowdon Community Cooperative --
initially to buy and manage the grocery store.

Upon the discovery that the old locker facility was unable to meet inspections,
the group incorporated Bowdon Meat Processing in 2010 after two years of
feasibility studies and planning. In 2013, the old locker was torn down and
ground was broken for Bowdon Meat.

'We had to do it'

"The decision to build wasn't difficult at all," says Bob Martin, a local
cow-calf producer and chairman of the board. "We knew we had to do it to
continue as a community."

The group sized the plant to process up to 1,000 head of animals per year,
including cattle, bison, hogs and sheep. But the operation was designed to still
be profitable at half that.

Ultimately, 72 people became co-op members, with a $100 membership fee. Those
members bought 109 shares of preferred stock at $5,500 per share. The largest
single shareholder owns 11 shares. Preferred shares offer voting rights and
potential dividends as the co-op becomes profitable, perhaps three or four years
down the line. Investors will receive a state income tax credit up to 30 percent
of the total invested in the start-up company in the next 10 years through the
North Dakota Ag Commodity Processing Facility Investment program.

Bank Forward of Carrington is the lead lender, and Northern Plains Electric
Cooperative provided a substantial loan. The U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Rural Development Finance Corp. provided $50,000 in grants and loans. North
Dakota Agricultural Products Utilization Commission and the Farmers Union
Marketing and Processing Association also contributed to the project, as well as
economic boards in Wells and Foster counties.

Martin credits Patti Patrie, one of the community business leaders, for wading
through the paperwork to secure the many financing and support sources. The
Rural Electric and Telecommunications Development Center -- a development group
within the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric Cooperatives and the North
Dakota Association of Telecommunications Cooperatives -- offered technical
assistance to start the new co-op.

Personnel challenge

Martin says finding qualified labor can be a challenge, but says they've been
fortunate. The facility has three full-time and three part-time employees,
including a cleaning crew.

Co-op leaders went to North Dakota State University for advice in finding a
manager. They hired Spencer Wirt, a Napoleon, N.D., native, who will have his
animal science degree at NDSU in May. He had experience working in the NDSU Meat
Laboratory and has done some meat judging.

"With Spencer, that was a matter of timing," Martin says. "One family moved back
from Mandan to Bowdon to go to work in our plant. We have been fortunate, and I
would say lucky to have the workforce that we do. They're very dedicated,
hardworking people."

Eric Berg, a professor of animal science at NDSU and Wirt's adviser, says the
university produces one or two meat science graduates each year -- one of the
smaller of five emphases for undergraduate animal science degrees. The others
are animal production and management, agribusiness, biomedical science and
livestock media. Berg says Wirt was "one of our go-to guys" in the NDSU Meat
Lab, and often taught others. Berg says in smaller communities, people often
want to have a relationship with the people who are doing the meat processing.

"I get calls from 'mom-and-pops,' with people who are getting older and there's
no younger people coming up to

take over," Berg says.

Similarly, office manager Widicker holds a business and marketing degree from
the University of Nebraska at Lincoln. In March 2013, she moved with her
husband, Hans, to Bowdon where they joined a family farming operation.

In December, the meat co-op approached her about the office manager position.

"To have somebody like her move into the community and work on a part-time
basis, with the skill she's got, is really a life-saver," Martin says.

Local customers

The facility is federally inspected, but is hoping to be inspected by the North
Dakota Department of Agriculture on its "state-select" program. The co-op
already can sell meat to restaurants and grocery stores, but the state-select
would allow it to go across state lines.

Nathan Kroh, scientific information coordinator for the North Dakota Department
of Agriculture's Meat and Poultry Inspection Program, is responsible for
supplying companies with information about regulatory and sanitary conditions.
He says 27 companies exist in the state's 53 counties. About 83 plants are
"custom-exempt," meaning they exist to process deer and other wild game for
customers who aren't offering the meat for sale.

Bowdon Meat Processing slaughters on Mondays and Thursdays and processes up to
five days a week, making summer sausage.

"Our customers right now are primarily local producers who want animals
slaughtered and processed for their own consumption or for neighbors and
friends," Widicker says. "We process the meat and charge whomever for the
processing and slaughter fee." Many of the people bringing in animals are co-op
members.

The facility is "state-of-the-art," as they say. Walls of the building are 10
inches thick, with insulated panel construction. It has a computer-controlled
smokehouse. The drip cooler can bring a carcass down to 46 degrees Fahrenheit
within 24 hours. The facility also has a larger-than-usual aging cooler.

"One thing we do that not a lot of plants around do is we age the meat 14 days,
while most age for seven to 10 days," Widicker says. "It gives the meat a better
flavor."

The facility has processed beef, but also hogs and sheep. It also is equipped to
process bison, but hasn't started that yet.

"Right now we're not planning to do any deer," Widicker says. Wild game
processing requires shutting down and cleaning everything before the plant can
again process domesticated animals.

Supplying locally

The Bowdon facility supplies steaks, roasts and hamburger to the Bowdon
Community Grocery. It buys some beef and makes it into sausage or specialty
products to sell out of the front door. It buys locally raised beef from the
producers on an order basis for customers who want to buy large quantities,
Widicker says.

Custom orders are lined up about five weeks in advance. So far, the co-op hasn't
needed to do any advertising. Custom orders often come from Bismarck, Minot and
Carrington, but a few come in from as much as three hours away.

The co-op currently charges an $80 slaughter fee, then a base flat rate of 65
cents per pound on its hanging weight for wrapping and processing. Fees are
charged for tenderizing and other services.

Processing options include paper-wrapping steaks and roasts, or vacuum-packing,
as well as the so-called "chub" processing using a plastic material for bagging
ground meat. For meat sold to the public, Bowdon Meat charges 79 cents per pound
more than what it pays for the beef.

"The highest we've paid for beef is $2.40 per pound, per hanging weight, so if
you wanted to buy that wholesale, it'd be about $3.20 a pound." The price is
based on the going market for beef, which recently has seen record-high prices.

Widicker says the company isn't able to beat the big-box discount stores on
beef, but is competitive with most of the small and mid-sized grocery stores in
the region. The goal is to supply people with locally raised beef, but Bowdon
Meat also can supply hormone-free, grass-fed niche products, Martin adds.

___ (c)2014 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140428-AW-Bowden-ND-rallies-to-start-meat-processing-plant-0428-20140428

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2014 Agweek


                              717 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Rs.5,820-crore aid disbursed in State

LENGTH: 93  words

DATELINE: THIRUVANANTHAPURAM


THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, April 1 -- The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural
Development (NABARD) has disbursed financial assistance to the tune of Rs.5,820
crore in Kerala during the year 2015-16, a statement by NABARD has said.
 Of the assistance, Rs.5,090 crore was disbursed as re-finance to banks and
Rs.600 crore to the State government under Rural Infrastructure Development
Fund, Rs.115 crore as direct assistance to cooperative banks and Rs.15 crore as
grant assistance from dedicated funds to various agencies for developmental and
promotional activities.


LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The New Nation (Bangladesh)

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

CLP plays vital role in eradicating 'monga' from char areas

LENGTH: 695 words

DATELINE: Dhaka


Dhaka, Sept. 2 -- The Chars Livelihoods Programme (CLP) has played vital role in
eradicating 'monga' through changing fortune of the extremely poor living in the
remote char areas on the Brahmaputra basin during the past eight years.

Under the comprehensive livelihoods programme, over 1.06 lakh have-nots group
landless and distressed families have achieved self- reliance so far bidding
permanent good-bye to the century-old seasonal 'monga' through eradicating
abject poverty.

Talking to BSS, Agriculture and Environment Coordinator of RDRS Bangladesh
Mamunur Rashid said the extremely poor char people lived in utter poverty for
decades together, but they are now moving towards sustainable uplift to lead
meaningful life.

The CLP has been working with the extremely poor households living on riverine
island chars to improve their livelihoods and has raised plinths for over one
lakh char families so far in the remote char areas since 2004 in ten
northwestern districts.

According to CLP sources, the UKaid through the Department for International
Development, Australian Government through Australian Agency for International
Development have been funding implementation of the most successful programme.

Under the sponsorship of the Ministry of Local Government, Rural Development and
Cooperatives, CLP is being executed by the Rural Development and Cooperatives
Division with the management through Maxwell Stamp Plc.

The programme is being implemented in collaboration with GO-NGOs on the chars in
Kurigram, Bogra, Gaibandha, Sirajganj, Jamalpur, Lalmonirhat, Nilphamari,
Rangpur, Pabna and Tangail districts.

According to officials, 900,000 people of 55,000 poorest households were
benefited under CLP phase-I during 2004-2010 and 50,974 more such households out
of 67,000 so far under phase-II (2010- 2016) to improve livelihoods of 1.9
million extremely poor char people by 2016.

Under the programme, plinths of the beneficiary families have been raised,
grants, assets, training and other assistances provided to make them
self-reliant through income generation activities to boost the char economy.

Talking to BSS, Jafar Ali, MP (Kurigram-2 constituency) said the CLP has helped
the char people in changing socio-economic condition and attaining
self-sufficiency through winning extreme poverty.

"Following huge economic uplift, 'monga' has been eradicated, standard of char
life improved, number of maternal and neonatal deaths and extent of malnutrition
of children, women and pregnant women reduced substantially in char areas, " he
added.

Chilmari upazila chairman Shawkat Ali Sarker, Bir Bikram, and Taramon Bibi, Bir
Pratik, said CLP's plinth- raising programme has become effective to help the
char people in escaping floods and improving their livelihoods.

"The CLP has become very effective to ensure sanitation and pure drinking water,
reduce repression, child marriage, dowry, polygamy, superstitions and improve
family planning to reduce high population growth in char areas, " they added.

Chairman Sohrab Hossain of Ostomirchar union on the Brahmaputra bed said the CLP
beneficiary families have access to healthcare, hygiene, education and nutrition
in char areas despite adverse impacts of the climate change.

Talking to BSS, CLP beneficiaries Soheli Begum, Kohinoor and Shyamoli Rani said
they have achieved economic success by sewing handloom garments, animal
husbandry, poultry, dairy, selling labours, homestead gardening, farming
vegetables and agri-activities.

Beneficiaries Rahela Begum, Kulsum, Shahera, Lalbanu, Halima, Rasheda, Minara,
Shabana, Julekha and Jharna Begum narrated how they have changed fortunes
through proper utilisation of the assistances they received under comprehensive
CLP activities.

They said their sons and daughters are now going to schools and living well
though their days were miserable without hopes in the past and narrated their
success stories of winning against poverty, hunger and illiteracy to lead
meaningful life.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The New Nation. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The New Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 23, 2015 Friday

Nobles Co-op Electric, Federated REA awarded USDA loans

BYLINE: The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 391 words


Oct. 23--WASHINGTON -- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced Thursday
nearly $2.3 billion in loans to build and improve rural electric infrastructure
in 31 states. Among the recipients are Nobles Cooperative Electric and Federated
Rural Electric in southwest Minnesota.

Nobles Cooperative Electric will receive a loan of $10,903,000, which includes
$4,744,000 for storm damage and $375,000 for smart grid technology, while
Federated Rural Electric will receive a $6,364,000 loan, which includes
$1,667,300 for storm damage and $325,000 for smart grid technology.

"Improving our rural electric utility systems will help us continue to provide
reliable and affordable electricity to rural customers," Vilsack said. "By
financing these improvements, USDA helps increase efficiencies, reduce carbon
emissions and improve the quality of life in rural areas."

The funding includes more than $108 million for smart grid technology, $41
million for renewable energy improvements and $9 million for storm damage
repairs. These loans will help build or improve 12,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines.

The funding is provided through USDA Rural Development's Electric Program, which
makes loans and loan guarantees to non-profit and cooperative associations,
public bodies and other utilities, primarily for electric distribution in rural
areas.

Smart grid increases the reliability of electric power by helping utilities
better manage the electric grid to improve operational efficiencies. It includes
metering, substation automation, computer applications, two-way communications,
geospatial information systems and other improvements.

Funding of each award announced today is contingent upon the recipient meeting
the terms of the loan or grant agreement.

Since 2009, USDA has funded $34 billion in electric loans and more than $1
billion for smart grid technologies. This assistance has helped build more than
185,000 miles of transmission and distribution lines serving approximately 8.5
million rural customers.

USDA has been committed to improving the production and transmission of
electricity in rural communities since the creation of the Rural Electrification
Administration in 1935.

___ (c)2015 The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minn.) Visit The Daily Globe
(Worthington, Minn.) at www.dglobe.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151023-QG-Nobles-Co-op-Electric-Federated-REA-awarded-USDA-loans-1023-20151023

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2015 The Daily Globe


                              720 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

USDA Announces Funding for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Projects REAP
Program Reduces Energy Costs for Ag Producers and Small Businesses, Boosts
Economy, Reduces Dependence on Foreign Oil

LENGTH: 776  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued following press release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that rural agricultural
producers and small business owners can now apply for resources to purchase and
install renewable energy systems or make energy efficiency improvements. These
efforts help farmers, ranchers and other small business owners save money on
their energy bills, reduce America's dependence on foreign oil, support
America's clean energy economy, and cut carbon pollution. The resources
announced today are made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill.

"Developing renewable energy presents an enormous economic opportunity for rural
America," Vilsack said. "The funding we are making available will help farmers,
ranchers, business owners, tribal organizations and other entities incorporate
renewable energy and energy efficiency technology into their operations. Doing
so can help a business reduce energy use and costs while improving its bottom
line. While saving producers money and creating jobs, these investments reduce
dependence on foreign oil and cut carbon pollution as well."

USDA is making more than $280 million available to eligible applicants through
the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP). Application deadlines vary by
project type and the type of assistance requested. Details on how to apply are
on page 78029 of the December 29, 2014 Federal Register or are available by
contacting state Rural Development offices.

USDA is offering grants for up to 25 percent of total project costs and loan
guarantees for up to 75 percent of total project costs for renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvements. The REAP application window has been
expanded. USDA will now accept and review loan and grant applications
year-round.

Eligible renewable energy projects must incorporate commercially available
technology. This includes renewable energy from wind, solar, ocean, small
hydropower, hydrogen, geothermal and renewable biomass (including anaerobic
digesters). The maximum grant amount is $500,000, and the maximum loan amount is
$25 million per applicant.

Energy efficiency improvement projects eligible for REAP funding include
lighting, heating, cooling, ventilation, fans, automated controls and insulation
upgrades that reduce energy consumption. The maximum grant amount is $250,000,
and the maximum loan amount is $25 million per applicant.

USDA is offering a second type of grant to support organizations that help
farmers, ranchers and small businesses conduct energy audits and operate
renewable energy projects. Eligible applicants include: units of state, tribal
or local governments; colleges, universities and other institutions of higher
learning; rural electric cooperatives and public power entities, and
conservation and development districts. The maximum grant is $100,000.
Applications for these particular grants have been available since December 29
of last year and are due February 12.

The REAP program was created in the 2002 Farm Bill. Because of the success of
the program, Congress reauthorized it in the 2014 Farm Bill with guaranteed
funding of no less than $50 million in annual funding for the duration of the 5
year bill. The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America
over the past six years while achieving meaningful reform and billions of
dollars in savings for taxpayers.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded $545 million for more than 8,800 REAP projects
nationwide. This includes $361 million in REAP grants and loans for more than
2,900 renewable energy systems. When fully operational, these systems are
expected to generate more than 6 billion kilowatt hours annually - enough to
power more than 5.5 million homes for a year.

In 2013, owners of the Ideal Dairy restaurant in Richfield, Utah, used REAP
funding to install 80 solar modules and two 10-kilowatt inverters, which convert
energy from solar panels to electricity. The owners have saved, on average, $400
per month. These savings have helped them preserve their restaurant and
livelihood.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 998 DOCUMENTS


              Lake County News-Chronicle (Two Harbors, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 25, 2010 Thursday

County up again for broadband money

BYLINE: Matt Suoja, Lake County News-Chronicle, Two Harbors, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 565 words


Mar. 25--The Lake County Board of Commissioners on Tuesday passed a resolution
to apply a second time for a Rural Utilities Service grant and loan to go toward
its broadband initiative.

It is now a $70 million project, up from $40 million. The reason for the
increase is because of the larger area it will now cover, which includes parts
of St. Louis County.

"It makes the project look stronger," said Gary Fields of National Public
Broadband, who is helping the county with the project.

Fields was neither optimistic nor pessimistic about whether the county will get
funding, which has proved elusive in the past year. "They are avoiding startup
projects."

The county can look at different sources of funding if the Rural Utilities
Service application falls apart. Among other options are using revenue bonds or
somehow latching onto a possible Duluth fiber project which Fields is also
heading.

The county had planned on going after funding in the second round so it could
include parts of St. Louis County. The second chance of funding is more for
"last-mile" projects like the one in Lake County, meaning service directly to
homes. The first round was for building the basic network. The strength of the
project could be improved in the second round because the addition of places
like Duluth Township and areas around Ely will show a better chance of economic
growth, board members said.

The Lake County project will not only include internet service but also
high-speed wiring for televisions and phones. The fiber optics network would be
paid for by the operational revenue it generates. No long-term debt is expected
for taxpayers if the project is successful.

The Northeast Service Cooperative received news of funding from the Department
of Agriculture this week. It received a loan for $21.7 million and a grant also
worth $21.7 million. It will help bring broadband to rural areas in northeast
Minnesota, which includes schools and libraries, but not to homes. The project
could help with the counties emergency services management.

The cooperative serves 32 school districts and 79 cities, counties and other
governmental agencies throughout the region.

Commissioner Paul Bergman said if cooperative lines come in before the county
project is underway, it would mean a cost savings in not having to build the
backbone of the system. The county envisions starting work next year while the
cooperative's plans in Lake County would take root in 2012.

Bergman was concerned Northeast Service Cooperative would run out of money
before it gets to Lake County.

Buying local

The board approved the purchase of three Ford Expeditions from Two Harbors Ford
at a cost of $26,419 each, $200 more than the state bid. Sonju Superstore and
Two Harbors Ford sent a letter this winter to the Lake County board stating they
want the county to consider local businesses over the state discount pool. The
county said it would buy local if the price was right.

To see more of the Lake County News-Chronicle or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.twoharborsmn.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Lake County
News-Chronicle, Two Harbors, Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100325-TQ-County-up-again-for-broadband-money-0325

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TQ


                   Copyright 2010 Lake County News-Chronicle


                              722 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 254  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 4, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 254  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 25, 2015 Tuesday

Smart Agricultural Consumption of Energy

LENGTH: 301  words


This project aims for achieving self-sufficiency in the rural agricultural
sector through technological innovation, introducing of renewable energy in the
agricultural sector, because of its environmental and economic impacts in a
sustainable manner in rural areas and reducing the use of fuels and gases which
is responsible for global warming. 5 pilot centers for renewable energy for the
production of biogas will be constructed with necessary equipment and materials,
and located in the farms of Baalback and neighborhood and plants for drying
agricultural products of agro-industrial cooperatives During this project,
awareness meetings and activities will be organized and addressed to farmers, to
promote renewable energy concept and its benefits with several technical
studies.


Area Of Work:  Climate Change Mitigation
Operational Phase:  Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 43,000.00
Grantee:


BAALBACK & NEIGHBORHOOD ASSOCIATION FOR DEVELOPMENT
Douris - Sayed Moussawi Bldg
Baalback , Bekaa
Lebanon
Phone: 009613442811
Email: Baalbacbekaa@hotmail.com
Contact Person: Mr. Khaled Yaghi
Project completion date : 2017-04-30 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : Lebanese Environment Forum. Ain El Rummanah, El Arid Road, Najjar
building, 2nd floor
Beirut

Country :Lebanon
Email : adnanm@unops.org

Url : https://sgp.undp.org

Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),Global Environment Facility Small
Grants Programme (SGP),United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),United
Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS),

Financier address : United Nations Development Program (UNDP)
Arab African International Bank Bldg,
Riad El Solh Street,
Nejmeh, Beirut 2011 5211
Lebanon
P.O.Box: 11-3216, beirut,
Telephone: + 961-1-962500
Fax: + 961-1-962491
http://www.lb.undp.org

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: USDA Rural Child Poverty Nutrition Center Cooperative Agreement

LENGTH: 280  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Food and Nutrition Service
Deadlines  Letter of Intent (Optional): Oct 20, 2014
Application: Dec 1, 2014
Contact

Dawn Addison
Grants Officer
Email: dawn.addison@fns.usda.gov
Purpose

The USDA Rural Child Poverty Nutrition Center Cooperative Agreement will award
funds to establish a national center dedicated to reducing child food insecurity
in persistently poor rural counties.

The role of this Center will be to:

Develop and administer sub-grants related to rural child food insecurity
    Coordinate grant-related activities among sub-grantees and researchers
    Disseminate information on the implementation strategies and evaluation
findings from communities

Eligibility

Accredited colleges/universities and private or public research institutions are
eligible to apply.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $2,500,000
Number of Awards: 1

The grantee will be responsible for awarding at least 51% of their awarded
amount as sub-grants to persistently poor rural counties for the purposes of
reducing child food insecurity.
Application
process

Applicants are encouraged, but not required, to submit a non-binding letter of
intent by October 20, 2014 to:
Dawn Addison
Grants Officer
Grants and Fiscal Policy Division
U.S. Department of Agriculture, FNS
3101 Park Center Drive Room 732
Alexandra, VA 22301

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  Children, Food and hunger

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 2, 2014 Thursday

Officials move on second loan for industrial park

BYLINE: Nash Dunn, The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 744 words


Jan. 02--The Davidson County Board of Commissioners voted 5-1 to pursue a
second, $2 million Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant through the United
States Department of Agriculture. County officials decided to pursue the first
REDLG loan in December, in addition to up to $7 million in Community Development
Block Grant funding.

If approved and accepted, the federal loan payments would be part of the county
government's stake in a limited liability company organizing the park.
Developers say as an LLC member, the county would be eligible for a significant
return on investment through the sale of park land, in addition to newly created
jobs and tax base.

Commissioner Billy Joe Kepley, who has said he will not support the industrial
park project until a new high school is built in northern Davidson County,
dissented in the vote. Commissioner Todd Yates was absent from the meeting.

It's not clear exactly how much it will cost to develop the first 500-acre phase
of the park, as estimates show prices anywhere from $6 million to $10 million. A
more firm projection will be set as developers learn which properties and
landowners are participating, said lead developer Robin Team, the president of
both Lexington-based Carolina Investment Properties and economic development
driver Davidson Progress.

"We don't anticipate that we are going to need that full sum of money, but we
are leaving all of our options open right now, so we can go with a plan that
provides us the most advantages," Team said.

Through the REDLG program, the USDA provides the zero interest loans to utility
companies, which direct funding to local governments. Davidson County will apply
through regional cooperative EnergyUnited, which has agreed to seek both loans.

The REDLG funds can be used to promote rural economic development and job
creation projects, according to the USDA website. Davidson County Manager Robert
Hyatt said the county could seek two loans if they were used to develop
different portions of the park.

"It would be another tool in the toolbox," Hyatt told commissioners, adding that
this is another step in finding financial resources in helping move forward with
the newly named I-85 Corporate Center.

After the board's meeting, Hyatt said no decisions have been made, as to which
aspects of the park the loans would finance.

EnergyUnited CEO Wayne Wilkins, who is also a member of the Davidson County
Economic Development Commission's Board of Directors, said the cooperative has
been successful in applying for REDLG loans in the past. At the same time, he
said the application process is extremely competitive.

"Our whole objective with it is to help economic development and job creation,"
Wilkins said.

During this fiscal year, about $91 million will be available for loans while
about $10 million will be available for grants, according to the USDA's website.

While the REDLG loans are repayable over a 10-year period, the CDBG funds must
be repaid within seven years, with the first two years interest free and 2
percent each year after.

The county is expected to be one of a handful of members in the proposed LLC, as
several landowners have already agreed to join the entity. Additionally, the
park needs water, sewer and electricity service, which could be provided by a
host of possible groups, including Davidson Water, the City of Lexington,
EnergyUnited, Duke Energy and other private corporations.

Through the LLC concept, landowners will pool their properties with the
municipal agencies and private companies. Each contributor's share will depend
on what their asset was valued, and later, when the land is sold to a company or
other entity, the various members split the profits.

Steve Googe, executive director of the Davidson County Economic Development
Commission, has said the park is needed to compete with other areas in
attracting employers. Googe, who has not responded to multiple inquiries from
The Dispatch, believes the park will lead to the creation of thousands of jobs
and millions of dollars in investment.

Multiple citizens, including proponents of the new northern Davidson County high
school, have spoke publicly against the park, calling it a risky "field of
dreams."

Nash Dunn can be reached at 249-3981, ext. 227, or at nash.dunn@the-dispatch.com
Follow Nash on Twitter: @LexDispatchNash

___ (c)2014 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. Visit The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. at
www.the-dispatch.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140102-1LN-Officials-move-on-second-loan-for-industrial-park-0102-20140102

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LN


                  Copyright 2014 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.


                              727 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The New Nation (Bangladesh)

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

CLP becomes effective poverty alleviation model in char areas

LENGTH: 386 words

DATELINE: Dhaka


Dhaka, Oct. 4 -- The Chars Livelihoods Programme (CLP) has become an effective
model in attaining economic self-reliance by the have-not group char people
through alleviating abject poverty in remote and sandy riverine areas.

Under the comprehensive livelihoods development programme, over one lakh
landless char families have achieved self- reliance bidding good-bye to
decades-old seasonal 'monga' in the remote areas on the Brahmaputra basin during
the past eight years.

Earlier, the extremely poor char people, including distressed women and
children, lived in utter miseries even a decade ago in the hardly reachable
areas on the river basin for having no income and livelihoods during the lean
periods every year.

According to CLP sources, 900,000 people of 55,000 poorest households got
benefits under CLP phase-I during 2004-2010 and 50,974 more out of 67,000 so far
under phase-II (2010-2016) to improve livelihoods of 1.9 million extremely poor
char people by 2016.

Under the programme, plinths of the beneficiary families have been raised,
grants, assets, training and other assistances provided to make them
self-reliant through income generation activities to boost the char economy and
improve livelihoods.

Agriculture and Environment Coordinators of RDRS Bangladesh said a number of
NGOs have been implementing the CLP ensuring excellent management to change fate
of the char people, whoa re living amid adverse impacts of climate change.

The CLP has been working with the extremely poor households living on riverine
island chars to improve their livelihoods and has raised plinths for over one
lakh char families so far in the remote char areas since 2004 in ten
northwestern districts.

The UKaid through the Department for International Development (DFID) and
Australian Government through Australian Agency for International Development
(Aus AID) have been funding implementation of the CLP.

Under the sponsorship of the Ministry of Local Government, Rural Development and
Cooperatives, CLP is being executed by the Rural Development and Cooperatives
Division with the management through Maxwell Stamp Plc.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The New Nation. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The New Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            August 23, 2011 Tuesday

Coming, Cooperative Pharmacies in Taluk HQs

LENGTH: 196 words

DATELINE: CHENNAI


CHENNAI, Aug. 23 -- Minister for Cooperation Sellur K Raju announced in the
Assembly on on Monday that 100 cooperative pharmacies would be started in taluk
headquarters during the current financial year.

Replying to the discussion on the demands for grants for the Department of
Cooperation, the Minister said that during the current financial year, pledge
loans to the tune of '300 crore would be extended to farmers for agricultural
purposes through primary agricultural cooperative societies and primary
cooperative agricultural and rural development banks.

The ceiling for pledge loans to farmers would be increased from '2 lakh to '3
lakh.

For small irrigation schemes, '50 crore would be extended as loans and '15 crore
would be given as loans to the differently-abled through district cooperative
societies, Raju said.

Online money transfers and internet banking would be introduced in the Tamil
Nadu State Central Cooperative Society, the Minister for Cooperation said.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                           November 30, 2010 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Government must roll up its sleeves and ensure household food security

BYLINE:  Attwell Nazo and |Katishi Masemola

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 762 words


It's time for the state to intervene to ensure household food security - the
ability of families to access food at affordable prices - through active
participation in production and distribution, as well as through policy measures
that defend the nation's food security and sovereignty.

At the centre of enhancing national food security - our ability to produce
enough to feed our citizens - should be the drive to reverse this country's
status from a net food importer back to a net food exporter.

Ninety percent of food consumed is purchased and 10 percent is produced, either
by co-operative farming or by subsistence farming, for own consumption.

Therefore, a big section of society depends on retail-supplied food to feed
themselves.

Availability of food supplies depends on sustained production and/or processing
by private sector players in the food production/processing stage of the value
chain.

Food accessibility relies on distribution channels to ensure that food supplies
are able to reach retail centres in communities, both urban and rural.

What then becomes critical to communities, particularly households, is the
ability to purchase food, particularly staple food products, at reasonable
prices.

The government's Industrial Policy Action Plans 2 does prioritise
agro-processing as one of the sectors with potential to create more jobs and to
meet the basic need of food security for South Africans.

However, this should be supported by trade policy measures such as tariff
protection against highly subsidised food imports.

There is a need to fast-track the land reform and agricultural transformation
programmes in order to create and support co-operative, subsistence, and
small-scale farming and agro-processing enterprises across product lines, from
livestock and crops to verticulture and horticulture.

At the heart of the successful growth of small players will be infrastructure,
from roads and rail infrastructure to a public transport system, and from
electricity and water supply to telecommunications facilities.

And this infrastructure support should be supplemented with other services
support. At the primary agricultural level, our country needs to give focused
support services to subsistence, co-operative and small-scale farmers on a range
of needs.

This stretches from extension services and research and development needs to
affordable supplies of seeds and fertilisers.

Land reform should involve distribution of idle state-owned land to the
land-hungry for purposes of agricultural economic activity, and a large-scale
support programme to the land reform beneficiaries.

In addition, commercial and established farmers must engage in some affirmative
procurement and enterprise development to ensure growth of co-operative and
small-scale farmers and input and agricultural services suppliers.

Land ownership policy should heavily regulate ownership of land used for game
farming, golf courses, entertainment and other luxurious and non-economic
activities - and even prohibit sheer speculative activity.

Also, expropriation policy is needed on idle and absentee-farmer land in the
private sector for land reform for agricultural activities.

To ensure that households are able to afford food, there is a need to intervene
in both the supply side and the demand side.

On the demand side, this will involve sustaining and increasing household
incomes.

The government's intervention on the demand side thus far has been in the form
of increasing value and volumes of social grants, to allow the poor to purchase
staple food.

However, there is a sizeable "chunk" of the population that does not enjoy these
relief measures.

There are families with unemployed people who are too young to receive old-age
grants and too old to receive child support grants and too healthy and
able-bodied to receive disability grants.

It is, thus, necessary for the government to introduce income transfer
mechanisms that cover those falling outside the current social safety
net/security system. The most cost-effective mechanism remains a Basic Income
Grant for everyone.

We would also like to see a state-owned food procurement and distribution
company which will purchase food from producers and processors and retail those
at very affordable prices to poor communities and households.

We would also urge state involvement at other stages of the value chain,
including in farming and processing of selected staple |food items such as maize
meal, bread, milk, cooking oil and meat products.

l Nazo is president and Masemoli is general secretary of the Food and Allied
Workers Union.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                           November 30, 2010 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Government must roll up its sleeves and ensure household food security

BYLINE:  Attwell Nazo and |Katishi Masemola

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 762 words


It's time for the state to intervene to ensure household food security - the
ability of families to access food at affordable prices - through active
participation in production and distribution, as well as through policy measures
that defend the nation's food security and sovereignty.

At the centre of enhancing national food security - our ability to produce
enough to feed our citizens - should be the drive to reverse this country's
status from a net food importer back to a net food exporter.

Ninety percent of food consumed is purchased and 10 percent is produced, either
by co-operative farming or by subsistence farming, for own consumption.

Therefore, a big section of society depends on retail-supplied food to feed
themselves.

Availability of food supplies depends on sustained production and/or processing
by private sector players in the food production/processing stage of the value
chain.

Food accessibility relies on distribution channels to ensure that food supplies
are able to reach retail centres in communities, both urban and rural.

What then becomes critical to communities, particularly households, is the
ability to purchase food, particularly staple food products, at reasonable
prices.

The government's Industrial Policy Action Plans 2 does prioritise
agro-processing as one of the sectors with potential to create more jobs and to
meet the basic need of food security for South Africans.

However, this should be supported by trade policy measures such as tariff
protection against highly subsidised food imports.

There is a need to fast-track the land reform and agricultural transformation
programmes in order to create and support co-operative, subsistence, and
small-scale farming and agro-processing enterprises across product lines, from
livestock and crops to verticulture and horticulture.

At the heart of the successful growth of small players will be infrastructure,
from roads and rail infrastructure to a public transport system, and from
electricity and water supply to telecommunications facilities.

And this infrastructure support should be supplemented with other services
support. At the primary agricultural level, our country needs to give focused
support services to subsistence, co-operative and small-scale farmers on a range
of needs.

This stretches from extension services and research and development needs to
affordable supplies of seeds and fertilisers.

Land reform should involve distribution of idle state-owned land to the
land-hungry for purposes of agricultural economic activity, and a large-scale
support programme to the land reform beneficiaries.

In addition, commercial and established farmers must engage in some affirmative
procurement and enterprise development to ensure growth of co-operative and
small-scale farmers and input and agricultural services suppliers.

Land ownership policy should heavily regulate ownership of land used for game
farming, golf courses, entertainment and other luxurious and non-economic
activities - and even prohibit sheer speculative activity.

Also, expropriation policy is needed on idle and absentee-farmer land in the
private sector for land reform for agricultural activities.

To ensure that households are able to afford food, there is a need to intervene
in both the supply side and the demand side.

On the demand side, this will involve sustaining and increasing household
incomes.

The government's intervention on the demand side thus far has been in the form
of increasing value and volumes of social grants, to allow the poor to purchase
staple food.

However, there is a sizeable "chunk" of the population that does not enjoy these
relief measures.

There are families with unemployed people who are too young to receive old-age
grants and too old to receive child support grants and too healthy and
able-bodied to receive disability grants.

It is, thus, necessary for the government to introduce income transfer
mechanisms that cover those falling outside the current social safety
net/security system. The most cost-effective mechanism remains a Basic Income
Grant for everyone.

We would also like to see a state-owned food procurement and distribution
company which will purchase food from producers and processors and retail those
at very affordable prices to poor communities and households.

We would also urge state involvement at other stages of the value chain,
including in farming and processing of selected staple |food items such as maize
meal, bread, milk, cooking oil and meat products.

l Nazo is president and Masemoli is general secretary of the Food and Allied
Workers Union.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 26, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 8, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 4, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 11, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 3, 2014 Friday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 24, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 15, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 12, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 466  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Washington: Rural Development Loan Servicing

LENGTH: 2696  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 49 (Friday, March 13, 2015)]
[Rules and Regulations]
[Pages 13199-13201]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-05435]

========================================================================
Rules and Regulations
 Federal Register
________________________________________________________________________

This section of the FEDERAL REGISTER contains regulatory documents
having general applicability and legal effect, most of which are keyed
to and codified in the Code of Federal Regulations, which is published
under 50 titles pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 1510.

The Code of Federal Regulations is sold by the Superintendent of Documents.
Prices of new books are listed in the first FEDERAL REGISTER issue of each
week.

========================================================================


Federal Register / Vol. 80, No. 49 / Friday, March 13, 2015 / Rules
and Regulations

[[Page 13199]]

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Housing Service

Rural Business-Cooperative Service

Rural Utilities Service

Farm Service Agency

7 CFR Parts 1951 and 1956

RIN 0570-AA88


Rural Development Loan Servicing

AGENCY: Rural Housing Service, Rural Business-Cooperative Service,
Rural Utilities Service, and Farm Service Agency, USDA.

ACTION: Direct final rule.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Business-Cooperative Service is amending its
regulations for Debt Settlement. This amendment would allow the Rural
Business Service's (referred to as Agency throughout the remainder of
the text) Administrator to use the statutory authority that has been
delegated to him/her in accordance with title 331(b)(4) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), but is currently
not being used for all of RBS's revolving loan programs, which include:
The Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) loans, Rural Development Loan
Fund (RDLF) loans, and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP)loans. This regulation will allow the RBS to be consistent across
all of its loan programs; all of RBS's other loan programs have
regulations in place to settle debt.
 This Direct Final Rule is intended to authorize the Agency to use
its independent debt settlement authority under CONACT. Nothing in this
Direct Final Rule is intended to affect the requirements of the Agency
to follow other applicable Federal debt collection law such as the Debt
Collection Improvement Act of 1996, as amended. Further nothing in this
Direct Final Rule is intended to alter any requirements the Agency must
follow when making collection referrals to the Department of Justice or
the Treasury Department.

DATES: This rule is effective May 18, 2015. Comments on this direct
final rule must be received on or before April 13, 2015 to be assured
of consideration.
 If RBS receives adverse comment(s) on all or a distinct portion of
this rule, we will publish a timely withdrawal in the Federal Register
informing the public that some of this rule or the entire direct final
rule will not take effect. The rule provisions that are not withdrawn
will become effective on the date set out above, notwithstanding
adverse comments on any other provision, unless we determine that it
would not be appropriate to promulgate those provisions.

ADDRESSES: You may submit comments to this direct final rule by any of
the following methods:
 Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov.
Follow the instructions for submitting comments.
 Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service
to the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 0742, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor,
Washington, DC 20024.
 Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal
Express Mail, or other courier service requiring a street address, to
the Branch Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S.
Department of Agriculture. All written comments will be available for
public inspection during regular work hours at the 300 7th Street SW.,
7th Floor address listed above.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Melvin Padgett, Rural Development,
Business Programs, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Stop 3226, Washington, DC 20250-3225; email:
melvin.padgett@wdc.usda.gov; telephone: (202) 720-1495.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Executive Order 12866, Classification

This rule has been determined to be significant for purposes of
Executive Order 12866 and has been reviewed by the Office of Management
and Budget (OMB). The Executive Order defines a ``significant
regulatory action'' as one that is likely to result in a rule that may:
(1) Have an annual effect on the economy of $100 million or more or
adversely affect, in a material way, the economy, a sector of the
economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public
health or safety, or State, local, or Tribal Governments or
communities; (2) Create a serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere
with an action taken or planned by another agency; (3) Materially alter
the budgetary impact of entitlements, grants, user fees, or loan
programs or the rights and obligations of recipients thereof; or (4)
Raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal mandates, the
President's priorities, or the principles set forth in this Executive
Order.
 The Agency conducted a benefit-cost analysis to fulfill the
requirements of EO 12866. This rule will not impose any new costs for
the public (customers, applicants, borrowers, grantees, recipients and/
or beneficiaries) of Rural Development's loan programs. This direct
final rule permits the debt settlement policy to be uniform and
consistent for all programs and will allow the Rural Development to
process eligible debt settlement cases in a prompt and efficient
manner.

Programs Affected

The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Program number assigned
to the IRP is 10.767.

Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR, part
1940, subpart G, ``Environmental Program.'' Rural Development has
determined that this action does not constitute a major Federal action
significantly affecting the quality of the human environment and, in
accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) of 1969,
42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.

Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Consultation

The program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372,
which requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local
officials. Consultation will be completed at the time of the action
performed.

[[Page 13200]]

Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil
Justice Reform. The Agency has determined that this rule meets the
applicable standards provided in Sec. 3 of the Executive Order.
Additionally, (1) all State and local laws and regulations that are in
conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no retroactive effect
will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal procedures, if
any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department or its
agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.

Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial
direct effect on States, on the relationship between the National
Government and the States, or on the distribution of power and
responsibilities among the various levels of government. Nor does this
rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on State and local
governments. Therefore, consultation with States is not required.

Regulatory Flexibility Act Certification

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C.
605(b), the Agency certifies that this rule will not have a significant
economic impact on a substantial number of small entities. The Agency
made this determination based on the fact that this regulation only
impacts those who choose to participate in the program. Small entity
applicants will not be impacted to a greater extent than large entity
applicants.

Unfunded Mandate Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory
provisions of Title II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for
State, local, and Tribal Governments or the private sector. Thus, this
rule is not subject to the requirements of Sec. s 202 and 205 of the
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.

Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development (RD)
in the development of regulatory policies that have tribal implications
or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined that this rule does not have
a substantial direct effect on one or more Indian tribe(s) or on either
the relationship or the distribution of powers and responsibilities
between the Federal Government and Indian tribes. Thus, this rule is
not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If a tribe
determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native
American Coordinator at (720) 544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov

Paperwork Reduction Act

This rule contains no new reporting or recordkeeping requirements
that would require approval under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995
(44 U.S.C. Chapter 35).

E-Government Act Compliance

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government
Act, to promote the use of the Internet and other information
technologies, to provide increased opportunities for citizens to access
Government information and services electronically.

I. Background

The process of debt settlement is a time consuming process. Before
a borrower in default can settle their indebtedness to the Agency,
current regulations require four levels of review: The local/area
office, the State Office, the National Office, and finally a United
States Department of Justice (DOJ) review. This review process results
in loans that are eligible for debt settlement, to continue to sit on
the books much longer than necessary, incurring interest, and
decreasing the likelihood that a borrower will exist to collect
recoveries once the loan is finally sent to the Department of the
Treasury.
 The Agency has shown, through its use of the settlement authority
in 7 U.S.C. 1981(b)(4) in its other loan programs, that it can
judiciously and reasonably administer that authority on its own without
the need for additional levels of review.
 By revising its regulations governing the review process for debt
settlement, the Agency will be able to process debt settlement claims
in a more uniform, prompt, and efficient manner.

II. Discussion of Changes

The Agency is proposing to modify several paragraphs in 7 CFR part
1951, subpart R and in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C in order to allow the
aforementioned loans to be settled under Agency policies and procedures
for debt settlement as found in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C, and to
remove the requirement to send settlements to DOJ, allowing us to use
the Federal Claims Collection Standards (31 CFR parts 900-904). This
will permit the Agency to quickly and efficiently dispose of debt
settlements. The specific changes are summarized below:
 1. The Agency is proposing to modify Sec. 1951.851(a) by adding a
sentence to indicate that all debt settlement cases submitted under 7
CFR part 1951, subpart R, will be handled in accordance with 7 CFR part
1956, subpart C. The Agency is adding reference to the RMAP in the
first sentence to indicate its inclusion.
 2. The Agency is proposing to revise Sec. 1951.894 to state that
the debt settlement of all claims, which would now include RMAP, would
be handled in accordance with 7 CFR 1956, subpart C. Specifically, the
Agency is replacing the reference to Federal Claims Collection
Standards, 4 CFR parts 101-105, with reference to ``Subpart C of Part
1956 of this Chapter.''
 3. The Agency is proposing to revise Sec. Sec. 1956.101 so that
debt settlement of RDLF loans, IRP loans and RMAP loans, will be under
7 CFR part 1956, subpart C (and will be handled by the Agency's
Administrator) rather than under the Federal Claims Collection
Standards as currently provided in the regulation.
 4. The Agency is proposing to revise the introductory text to Sec.
1956.147 to remove reference to RDLF loans and IRP loans. This is a
conforming change that removes these loans from complying with the debt
settlement provisions under the Federal Claims Collection Act.

List of Subjects

7 CFR Part 1951

Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development.

7 CFR Part 1956

Loan programs--agriculture, Loan programs--housing and community
development.

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, chapter XVIII, title 7,
of the Code of Federal Regulations is amended as follows:

CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE
SERVICE, RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT
OF AGRICULTURE

PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS

0
1. The authority citation for part 1951 is revised to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

[[Page 13201]]

Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing

0
2. Paragraph (a) of Sec. 1951.851 is revised to read as follows:


Sec. 1951.851 Introduction.

(a) This subpart contains regulations for servicing or liquidating
loans or other assistance made by the Rural Business-Cooperative
Service or its successor agency under the IRP and the RMAP. All debt
settlement cases under this subpart will be settled in accordance with
the debt settlement provisions set forth in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C.
The provisions of this subpart supersede conflicting provisions of any
other subpart.
* * * * *

0
3. Section 1951.894 is revised to read as follows:


Sec. 1951.894 Debt settlement.

Debt settlement of all claims will be handled in accordance with
subpart C of part 1956 of this chapter.

PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT

0
4. The authority citation for part 1956 is revised to read as follows:

Authority: 5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.

Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs

0
5. Section 1956.101 is revised to read as follows:


Sec. 1956.101 Purpose.

This subpart delegates authority and prescribes policies and
procedures for debt settlement of Community Facility loans; Association
Recreation loans; Rural Renewal loans; direct Business and Industry
loans; Rural Development Loan Fund loans; Intermediary Relending
Program loans; and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP) loans and repayable portions of RMAP grants; and Shift-in-land-
use loans. Settlement of Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans, Claims
Against Third Party Converters, Non-program loans, Rural Business
Enterprise/Television Demonstration Grants, Nonprofit National
Corporations Loans and Grants, and 601 Energy Impact Assistance Grants,
is not authorized under independent statutory authority, and settlement
under these programs is handled pursuant to the Federal Claims
Collection Joint Standards, 31 CFR parts 900 through 904, inclusive. In
addition, this subpart does not apply to Water and Waste Programs of
the Rural Utilities Service, Watershed loans, and Resource Conservation
and Development loans, which are serviced under part 1782 of this
title.

0
6. The section heading and introductory text to Sec. 1956.147 are
revised to read as follows:


Sec. 1956.147 Debt settlement under the Federal Claims Collection
Standard.

Unless otherwise provided in this title, loans and claims will be
settled in accordance with the Federal Claims Collection Standards at
31 CFR parts 900 through 904, inclusive.
* * * * *

Dated: February 27, 2015.
Lisa Mensah,
Under Secretary.
 Dated: February 26, 2015.
Michael Scuse,
Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.
[FR Doc. 2015-05435 Filed 3-12-15; 8:45 am]
 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Evening Herald (Plymouth)

                               November 27, 2002

European grants aid rural projects

BYLINE: C. ARADON

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 508 words


Innovative farming and fishing projects in South East Cornwall are going ahead,
thanks to European Objective One funding, it was announced today.  The latest
raft of announcements brings the total awarded in Cornwall to GBP 130,179,481.

A family farm and a workers' co- operative in the Seaton Valley are working
together to expand production of local organic food in a sustainable way.

Looe Harbour Commissioners have been awarded an Objective One fisheries grant of
more than GBP 8,000 to upgrade a fish packing unit, making it more modern and
efficient.

And redundant piggeries at a farm near Liskeard have been converted into idyllic
rural offices.

In the farming project, Jim Candy, of Trerieve Farm at Downderry, has organic
land available for vegetable production under the Stewardship Scheme, while veg
box producers Keveral Farmers on the other side of Seaton Valley has
polytunnels, but limited land.

The partners joined the SWARD Project run by Business Link to use Objective One,
DEFRA and Learning and Skills Council funding for training and information
gathering.

They received SWARD bursaries to visit other box schemes and specialist
machinery demonstrations to help them decide which machinery and processes could
be used in their own venture.

The partnership has also been assisted by Nick Jeans, of Cornwall County
Council, who is helping county farm tenants draw down EU funding.

Cornish Horticultural Enterprises has provided the group with an Objective One
grant of up to 45 per cent, enabling them to purchase new machinery to mechanise
their production in a sustainable manner.

Keveral Farmers, a workers' co-operative, has funded its share of the
partnership through its members and also through the support of its veg box
customers.

At Looe, the fish-packing unit on Buller Quay will be completely modernised so
that employees have a separate area to change into suitable overalls before
entering the room where the fish is waiting to be packed.

New washing facilities will also be created and the walls and ceiling will be
lined to make cleaning easier and to improve hygiene standards further.

The improved standards of the units will ensure that the fish exported from the
port is of the best possible quality.

Three state-of-the-art rural office units, complete with underfloor heating and
idyllic country views, have opened in redundant former piggery buildings near
Liskeard.

The 550 square foot units called Ashleigh Meadow are at the entrance to
Tregondale Farm, home of Stephanie and Mervyn Rowe for 30 years.

The office project, a family venture, is the idea of their son Richard and his
wife Helen who live close by at Ashleigh.

They were supported by the Objective One funded Rural Development Capital Grant
Initiative, which provided around one-third of the cost of converting the
buildings into impressive office space.

The Rowes had already diversified into bed and breakfast and had refurbished a
cottage for self-catering visitors.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2002 Evening Herald (Plymouth)


                              750 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                              May 22, 2016 Sunday

World Bank official stresses change-making agriculture

BYLINE: THT Online

LENGTH: 395  words


KATHMANDU: A high official from the World Bank during his Nepal visitA commented
that agriculture should help farmers make differences in their day-to-day lives.

The WB Practice Manager-Agriculture Martien van Nieuwkoop on Sunday visited a
pisciculture project in Kaski district and expressed his opinion that the
government and donor agencies should invest in agriculture as it contributes to
income generation of people and environmental conservation.

Nieuwkoop was visiting the Rural Fish Hatchery and Fish Productivity Promotion
Sub-Project in Rupakot of Kaski district. The sub-project was run with partial
grant assistance from the Project for Agricultural Commercialisation and Trade
(PACT).

PACT is a Ministry of Agricultural Development (MoAD) project funded by the
World Bank.

"While I visit countries, I would like to see the projects and how they make
differences in people's lives," he said, "I want to congratulate the cooperative
and PACT for actually contributing to income generation activities and
environmental conservation."

The Rupa Lake Renovation and Pisciculture Cooperative Limited has operated the
sub-project.

"While you read project papers, you cannot exactly see how the project makes
difference in people's lives," he justified his field visit.

The cooperative's chairman Kul Prasad Adhikari informed that the 756-member
organisation had been working to conserve biodiversity of local Rupa Lake while
contributing to facilitating daily life of its members with fishery activities.

The cooperative was established around 15 years ago with a mission to rid the
lake of hyacinths.

"The cooperative has given permanent employment to 17 persons while around half
dozen people work here as daily wage earners," founding chairman Lekhanath
Dhakal informed.

He added that the cooperative sold 35 tonnes of fish last year. It has aimed to
make it 40 tonnes within next two years.

In the Rs 9.2-million sub-project, PACT has contributed a grant of Rs 4.1
million.

High officials of the WB Nepal Office and PACT had accompanied Nieuwkoop during
the visit.

Nieuwkoop had also done a bit of sightseeing around Rupa Lake and Begnas Lake on
the sidelines of the monitoring visit.

The WB official is currently in Nepal during his South Asia visit and is
scheduled to hold meetings with high government officials associated with
WB-funded projects, according to the WB source.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                The Ritzville Adams County Journal (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 19, 2014

RDDA receives $1,500 Rural Community Grant

BYLINE: The Ritzville Adams County Journal staff

LENGTH: 164  words


The Ritzville Downtown Development Association received a $1,500 Northwest
FCS/CoBank Rural Community Grant, which will be used for the Ritz Theatre
project.

Ritzville Downtown Development Association President John Rankin expressed
gratitude.

"The money allows us to offset costs incurred on renovations that otherwise
would have been pulled from our donor pool, which we wish to keep intact for the
purchase of digital cinema equipment."

This year Northwest FCS with the support of CoBank has awarded 34 rural grants
totaling over $57,000.

The next rural grant dead line is October 1, more information can be found at
northwestfcs.com.

Northwest FCS is part of the Farm Credit System, a nationwide network of
borrower-owned lending institutions that provide approximately $194 billion in
loans to rural America.

CoBank is a Farm Credit System cooperative bank providing financial services to
agribusinesses and rural power, water and communications providers throughout
the United States.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RTZ

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
               Copyright 2014 The Ritzville Adams County Journal


                              752 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                            May 15, 2002, Wednesday

AROUND WALES: WREXHAM

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 191 words


THE town is to benefit from just under pounds 1m from the National Assembly over
the next three years.

Wrexham County Borough Council has had both its bids to the Welsh Assembly's
Local Regeneration Fund approved - pounds 600,000 will be made available to
support rural community development.

In addition, the Council has been awarded over pounds 300,000 to support the
continuing regeneration of Cefn Mawr Commercial Centre.

The council will invite applications from established voluntary organisations,
community groups, partnerships, co-operatives, community enterprises and public
bodies for discretionary grants towards capital projects with an economic,
environmental or community development benefit.

Council leader Shain Wilkinson, welcoming the news that the Welsh Assembly is
supporting the council's strategy to regenerate Wrexham's rural communities
said, "Preference will be given to projects which demonstrate partnership,
community involvement, use of match funding, value for money and above all,
potential for developing the rural economy, improving the environment and
supporting community development".

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2002 Western Mail and Echo Ltd


                              753 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            December 26, 2010 Sunday

Apex Engineering opens in two cities

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 463 words


The Medcenter One Great American Bike Race disbursement committee has given
$244,522 in 2010 to families with children who have cerebral palsy or another
related disability.

The money raised at GABR each April helps families purchase such things as
therapy and medical services, orthotics, adaptive equipment, travel
reimbursement, wheelchairs and home and vehicle modification.

The Medcenter One Dakota Children's Advocacy Center has been awarded
reaccreditation through 2015 by National Children's Alliance after an
application and site review process.

DCAC uses a comprehensive multidisciplinary team approach to investigating child
abuse. It was first accredited by the NCA in 2005.

Four water leaders from Bismarck were honored during the 47th annual Joint North
Dakota Water Convention and Irrigation Expo in Bismarck.

Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., was inducted into the North Dakota Water Users Hall
of Fame in recognition of his advocacy for water development and management in
the state.

Lance Gaebe was commissioned as a commodore in the Governor's Mythical Navy for
his dedication to water issues during his years with the governor's office.

Bill Sharff and Rod Beck received North Dakota Water Wheel awards for efforts in
motivating development of the state's water resources.

Sharff has been a planner, and more recently a program manager, with the
Planning and Education Division at the State Water Commission since 1990. He was
involved in developing and administering the Water Education for Teachers
program.

Beck, state engineer for the USDA Rural Development Office, has provided
technical and financial assistance to rural water systems.

At its December meeting, the Northern Plains Electric Cooperative Operation
Round Up board of directors approved grants totaling $11,450.

Besides assistance for medical and travel expenses, the board approved aid to
Crystal Springs Baptist Camp, Foster County Public Health, Turtle Mountain
Community Schools and Benson, Eddy, Griggs, Kidder, Pierce, Rolette, Stutsman,
Towner and Wells counties and Carrington Daily Bread.

Operation Round Up is funded by Northern Plains member-consumers who "round up"
their electric bill each month.

Both Bismarck First Community Credit Union offices recently held a toy drive in
which staff and customers contributed books and toys that subsequently were
donated to Carrie's Kids.

Apex Engineering Group Inc. has formed in Fargo and Bismarck to provide
consulting engineering services.

Principals Tom Welle, PE, who is company president; Dain Miller, PE; Scott
Olson, PE; and Mike Berg, PE, will lead engineers and technicians in delivering
transportation, water, wastewater, water resource and municipal engineering
services for clients in North Dakota, South Dakota and Minnesota.

Apex employs 22 people.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            November 23, 2001 Friday

Federal grants to help area ag ventures;
USDA money could create 400 new jobs

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 732 words

DATELINE: BLOOMINGTO


Three farmer-owned ventures that could generate 400 jobs in the next two years
received U.S. Department of Agriculture grants during the Illinois Commodity
Conference this week in Bloomington.

American Premium Foods, a farmer-owned pork processing company building a plant
in Rantoul, received the largest grant, $500,000. The Central Illinois Ag
Coalition in Fulton County got $60,000 to conduct a feasibility study and
marketing plan for a corn-based ethanol fuel plant, and Illi-Mex Alliance LLC in
Christian County received $40,000 to investigate the feasibility of building a
masa tortilla plant in the Chicago area.

Some 600 applications, requesting a total of $156 million, were received. But
only $20 million was available, said Doug Wilson, state director of the USDA
Rural Development program.

Jim Burke, general manager of American Premium Foods, said that operation will
start with 210 jobs and could end up totaling more than 300 if a second shift is
added.

"We were thrilled to be selected for this grant," Burke said. "USDA has been
very helpful. The grant money can't be used for the facility, but we'll use it
for market and product development, sales and export development."

The farmer-owned cooperative has a capital call under way, with responses due in
December.

"If we're not at 100 percent subscription at that time, we'll go back out to the
country and open it up," Burke said. "We have a waiting list. We expect to close
on our property in Rantoul by March 1 and break ground soon after that."

The Central Illinois Ag Coalition plans to build a $40 million corn-processing
ethanol plant in Fulton County. A public stock offering began Nov. 15. So far,
$125,000 has been raised, said Mike Smith, president and general manager of the
project.

The endeavor is an initiative of a group of Fulton County farmers and
agri-businesses, headed by Smith, vice president of MidAmerica National Bank in
Canton. When operational, the plant will produce 30 million gallons of ethanol a
year and create 35 full-time jobs. Farmer-investors would sell 12 million
bushels of corn per year to the plant. Negotiations are under way for a site 3
miles southeast of Canton.

Construction could begin next year. The plant may be ready to buy corn and make
ethanol in 2003.

Informational meetings have been held in Fulton, Peoria, Knox, McDonough,
Schuyler and Mason counties. Three others are set for 9 a.m. Monday at the
Peoria County Extension Office in Peoria, 9 a.m. Tuesday at the Fulton County
Farm Bureau office in Lewistown and 6 p.m. Wednesday at the McDonough County 4-H
Center in Macomb.

The IlliMex Alliance is a project of the Morrisonville Farmers Co-op and the
Assumption Cooperative Grain Co.

Grant money will be used to do a feasibility study on building a fresh masa
tortilla factory in the Chicago area that uses white corn grown by Christian
County farmers. The two co-ops have more than 200 farmer stockholders. If the
project comes to fruition, it will create 50 to 100 jobs.

"We'll decide where we need to go with this after the feasibility study," said
Tom Bressner, general manager of Assumption Grain. "Chicago has the
second-largest Hispanic population in the country. Over 70 percent of that
Hispanic population comes from Mexico or is one generation removed.

"The tortillas made fresh daily in Mexico City are fresh masa tortillas, but no
one can get them here. The average Mexican consumes 11 tortillas a day. Our goal
is to see if the fresh masa tortilla is something they want."

The plant would be built outside of the city of Chicago, and white corn would be
shipped or trucked up to the plant from Christian County.

"We want to be involved from selling the seed to selling the tortillas,"
Bressner said. "We're working with six independent tortilla manufacturing
companies from Mexico City. ... We're hoping the feasibility study comes out in
favor so we can move into the tortilla business."

Bressner said the feasibility study should be completed by May or June. If given
the go-ahead, farmers would be growing corn for production in 2003.

"Christian County is ideal to grow white corn," Bressner said. "We can generate
the acres, and farmers have the bins on their farms to keep things separate.
We're already handling high-oil corn and non-GMO soybeans, and we both deal in
specialty grains."

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register


                              755 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                            October 2, 2007 Tuesday

Ruidoso educational center to benefit from Federal grant

SECTION: EDUCATION

LENGTH: 113 words


WASHINGTON - U.S. Senator Jeff Bingaman has announced that the Region IX
Education Cooperative in Ruidoso has been awarded a $462,981 grant through the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development Program.

Funding will be used to deliver distance learning services over a wireless
network infrastructure to seven school districts in southern New Mexico. The
program will provide advanced math and science programs to students and will
assist teaching staff by providing professional development opportunities for
them.

"This funding will make it possible to offer an advanced math and science
curriculum in schools that otherwise would not have access to them," Bingaman
said.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                               November 04, 2013

Osun Govt Will Empower 18,000 Women Before December

LENGTH: 173 words


The Osun State government said it would empower 18,000 women from 30 local
government areas with N600 million before December.

The Special Adviser to the Governor on Water Resources, Rural Development and
Community Affairs, Mr Kunle Ige, said this at the disbursement of 2013 Grant
-In-Aids to Community Development Association (CDA) Ile-Ife on Friday.

Ige said the present administration had concluded arrangements with Grooming
Micro-Finance, Lagos, to give loan of N400 million and the state would add the
balance of N200 million.

Ige said 600 women would access the loans from the local government, and
enjoined the associations to organise their women into cooperatives to enable
them to benefit from the facility.

The aide said this would confirm the commitment of the current administration
both at the local and the state levels toward an overall development of the
state.

He said that their local grant-in-aid would increase from three million to five
million naira in 2014, and urged the beneficiaries to make the best use of the
fund.

NAN

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Farm Bill: Strategic Economic and Community Development
-Reservation of Fiscal Year 2016 Program Funds

LENGTH: 1467  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Rural Housing
Service Rural Utilities Service Farm Bill: Strategic Economic and Community
Development-- Reservation of Fiscal Year 2016 Program Funds AGENCY: Rural
Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, Rural Utilities Service,
USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
Section 6025 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (2014 Farm Bill) provides the
Secretary of Agriculture the authority to give priority to projects that support
strategic economic development or community development plans.

The Agency has the authority to reserve funds for those programs (referred to as
the ``underlying programs'') included in 7 CFR part 1980, subpart K, Strategic
Economic and Community Development (SECD), for projects that support
multi-jurisdictional strategic economic and community development plans. This
notice identifies for fiscal year 2016 the underlying programs from which funds
will be reserved for Section 6025 SECD requirements. Those programs are listed
in the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section. DATES: Effective Date: October 1,
2015. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: For more information, please contact your
respective Rural Development State Office listed here:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/browse-state. A checklist of all required application
information for Section 6025 SECD can be found at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/strategic-economic-and-community-
development. For all other inquiries, contact Regional Community Economic
Development Coordinators as follows:  Midwest Region--Christine Sorensen:
202-568-9832,

 Christine.Sorensen@wdc.usda.gov



 [[Page 14420]]



      Northeast Region--Angela Callie: 610-791-9810 ext. 123,

 Angela.Callie@wdc.usda.gov

      Southern Region--Greg Dale: (870) 633-3055 Ext. 123,

 Gregory.Dale@wdc.usda.gov

      National Office--Farah Ahmad, Program Manager: Rural

 Business-Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Stop

 3254, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0783, Email:

 RDCED@wdc.usda.gov



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: This action has been reviewed and determined

 not to be a rule or regulation as defined in Executive Order 12866, as

 amended by Executive Order 13258.

     As provided for in 7 CFR 1980.1004, this notice identifies for

 fiscal year 2016 the underlying programs from which funds will be

 reserved for Section 6025 SECD requirements. The following table

 specifies the level of program funding allocations from which the

 Section 6025 SECD reserved funds will be drawn, and the percentage of

 funds being reserved from the underlying program funding allocations.



 ------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                          Percentage of

              Program               Level of  funding  funds reserved for

                                       allocations        section 6025

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Community Facility Loans (7 CFR   State.............  5 percent.

  part 1942, subpart A).

 Fire and Rescue and Other Small   State.............  5 percent.

  Community Facilities Projects

  (7 CFR part 1942, subpart C).

 Community Facilities Grant        State.............  10 percent.

  Program (7 CFR part 3570,

  subpart B).

 Community Programs Guaranteed     National..........  10 percent.

  Loans (7 CFR part 3575, subpart

  A).

 Water and Waste Disposal          National..........  10 percent.

  Programs Guaranteed Loans (7

  CFR part 1779).

 Water and Waste Loans and Grants  National..........  10 percent loan; 5

  (7 CFR part 1780, subparts A,                         percent grant.

  B, C, and D).

 Business and Industry Guaranteed  National..........  5 percent.

  Loanmaking and Servicing (7 CFR

  part 4279, subparts A and B; 7

  CFR part 4287, subpart B).

 Rural Business Development        State.............  5 percent.

  Grants (7 CFR part 4280,

  subpart E).

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------



     The U.S. Department of Agriculture remains committed to assisting

 high-poverty communities as one of its strategic priorities. The

 programs listed above consider poverty-related criteria in its

 application requirements. For this reason, Section 6025 offers an

 incentive for high poverty communities to have increased access to

 these programs so long as they have eligible projects that support the

 implementation of a multi-jurisdictional plan. This is particularly

 beneficial for areas such as Promise Zones, the Delta, Appalachia,

 Colonias, and other rural places with persistent poverty issues.

     If submitting projects for consideration for the underlying

 program's Section 6025 SECD reserved funds, applicants must (1) meet

 the eligibility requirements of the underlying program based on its

 annual notice, policies and/or regulations, including application

 deadlines; (2) meet the eligibility requirements of Section 6025 SECD

 in accordance with this Notice and 7 CFR part 1980, subpart K; and (3)

 submit Form RD 1980-88 and supporting documentation. Applicants are

 encouraged to submit Form RD 1980-88 and supporting documentation

 concurrent with the application for the underlying program for which

 the applicant is applying, in an effort to avoid improper or

 duplicative awards to recipients as required by law. Rural Development

 will work with programs to ensure the review process is compliant and

 consistent with Section 6025 SECD regulation.

     All of the underlying program's reserves for Section 6025 SECD

 competition must be obligated by the Agency no later than June 30,

 2016. As provided for in 7 CFR 1980.1004(c), the Agency will return any

 reserved funds that are not obligated by June 30, 2016, to the

 underlying program's regular funding account for obligation to all

 eligible projects in that program. After June 30, 2016, any project

 that supports a multi-jurisdictional strategic economic and community

 development plan may be competed with all other projects within the

 applicable underlying program for the remainder of FY 2016, but without

 the benefit of any mandated priority points and access to reserved

 funds available under 7 CFR part 1980, subpart K.

     This notice establishes the listed percentages of funds reserved

 for Section 6025 and is effective October 1, 2015 for the entirety of

 FY 2016 and the entirety of each succeeding fiscal year unless changed

 in accordance with 7 CFR 1980.1004(b).



 USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



     In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of

 Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its

 Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or

 administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on

 race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including

 gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital

 status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil

 rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA

 (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing

 deadlines vary by program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     1. Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410;

     2. Fax: (202) 690-7442; or

     3. Email: program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.





 [[Page 14421]]





     Dated: March 3, 2016.

 Lisa Mensah,

 Under Secretary, Rural Development.

 [FR Doc. 2016-06035 Filed 3-16-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                      March 25, 2014 Tuesday 11:38 AM  EST

STRENGTHENING AND REVITALISING RURAL COOPERATIVE CREDIT DELIVERY SYSTEM

LENGTH: 4137  words


UMBAI, India, March 25 -- Reserve Bank of India issued the following speech:

1. I am extremely happy to be with you today and thank Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala,
Chairman, NABARD and the organizers of this National Meet of State Cooperative
Banks for inviting me to share the Reserve Bank's perspectives.

2. Since inception the Indian Cooperative movement was initiated by the
Government to align the rural credit system with the objectives of development
planning. The RBI played an important role. The RBI's concern and involvement in
the sphere of rural credit stemmed from its very statute of incorporation.
Specific provisions were made in the Reserve Bank of India Act 1934 for the
establishment of an Agricultural Credit Department and for extending refinance
facilities to the cooperatives. RBI laid emphasis on strengthening and ensuring
viable provincial cooperative bank, central cooperative banks, marketing
societies and primary agricultural credit societies in each province for
seasonal agricultural operations.

ROLE OF COOPERATIVES

3. The cooperative movement in the country, originated as a measure against
rural poverty, agrarian disturbances in 1875 in the Deccan against moneylenders
led to the enactment of Taccavi legislation in 1892. Sir Frederick Nicholson
recommended the establishment of cooperative societies on the Raiffeisen model
popular in Germany. Thus, cooperatives as people's institutions have a long
legacy and a rich tradition in India. The founders of Planning in India
considered cooperation an instrument of economic development combining the
advantages of private ownership with public good.

4. Rural credit cooperatives in India were originally envisaged as a mechanism
for pooling the resources of people with small means and providing them access
to cheap and cost-effective financial services. Democratic in features, the
movement was also an effective instrument for development of degraded waste
lands, increasing productivity, providing food security, generating employment
opportunities in rural areas and ensuring social and economic justice to the
poor and vulnerable. In light of this, the cooperatives occupy an important
position in the Indian financial system.

Cooperatives were the first formal institutions to be conceived and developed to
purvey credit to rural India and have been a key instrument of credit delivery
to enable farmers to meet their production needs and so increase production and
productivity in the rural areas.

EVOLUTION OF COOPERATIVES IN INDIA

5. In the first Phase (1900-1930), the cooperative movement originated due to
the initiative of the colonial government in the early 20th century. The idea of
establishing cooperatives of the type that worked successfully in Germany was
mooted in the late 19th century. These cooperatives were seen as a means to
liberate the poor farmers from the clutches of usurious money-lenders. The
Government passed the Cooperative Societies Act in 1904 followed by a more
comprehensive Cooperative Societies Act later in 1912. In 1915, the Maclagan
Committee advocated that "there should be one cooperative for every village and
every village should be covered by a cooperative." The Royal Commission made the
observation "if cooperation fails, there will fail the best hope of rural
India".

6. In the second Phase (1930-1950), by virtue of the provisions of the RBI Act,
the Reserve Bank was given a mandate to closely associate with matters relating
to rural credit and banking. RBI Act provided for both the establishment of an
Agricultural Credit Department in the bank and extension of refinance facilities
to the cooperative credit system. RBI introduced credit facilities to provincial
cooperative banks for seasonal agricultural operations and marketing of crops
from 1942.

7. In the third Phase (1950-1990), a major initiative for pursuit of the mandate
given to the Reserve Bank was taken with sponsoring of All India Rural Credit
Survey in 1951-52. The study recommended an integrated approach to cooperative
credit and emphasized the need for viable credit cooperative societies by
expanding their area of operation, encouraging rural savings and diversifying
business. The Committee also recommended government participation in the share
capital of the cooperatives. The National Commission on Agriculture (1976)
recommended setting up of Farmers Service Cooperative Societies with the active
collaboration of the nationalized banks. The involvement of commercial banks was
institutionalized through nationalization of major commercial banks in 1969,
causing unprecedented penetration of commercial banks in the rural sector. The
State has used co-operatives to channel its development schemes, particularly
subsidy-based programs for the poor. As these institutions have a wide reach in
the rural areas and also deal with finances, the choice was natural.

8. By 1982, to consolidate the various arrangements made by the RBI to promote /
supervise institutions and channel credit to rural areas, NABARD was established
based on the recommendation of the CRAFICARD (Sivaraman Committee 1981). The
Agriculture Credit Review Committee (Khusro Committee, 1989) stressed the
importance of encouraging members' thrift and savings for the cooperatives. It
also emphasized the need for better business planning at the local level and for
strategies to enable cooperatives to be self-sustaining. To this end, the
Committee was in favor of serving non-members, if it made business sense. The
1990s witnessed more concerted attempts by both the government and non-official
organisations and cooperators, to explore ways to revitalize the cooperatives.

9. In the Fourth Phase (1990s and onwards), there has been an increasing
realization of the deleterious impact of intrusive State patronage,
politicization, and the consequent impairment of the role of cooperatives in
general, and of credit cooperatives in particular, leading to a quest for
reviving and revitalizing the cooperative movement. Several Committees were set
up to suggest cooperative sector reforms during this period.

SHORT TERM COOPERATIVE CREDIT STRUCTURE (STCCS)

10. Since inception, cooperatives have made available institutional credit at
affordable cost particularly to the agricultural sector. The Short-term Rural
Cooperative Credit Structure (STCCS) provides mainly short term and medium-term
production credit besides other financial services. At present, there are nearly
92,432 Primary Agricultural Credit Societies (PACS), 371 District Central
Cooperative Banks (DCCB) with 13,233 branches and 32 State Cooperative Banks
(SCB) with 992 branches. On an average, there is one PACS for every 8 villages.
These societies have a total membership of more than 120 million rural people
making it one of the largest rural financial systems in the world. 60% of
population still depends upon the agricultural income.

PERFORMANCE OF RURAL COOPERATIVE BANKS IN EXTENSION OF AGRICULTURE CREDIT

11. Institutional lending to agriculture and allied activities has recorded a
significant growth during the last two decades due to the aggressive policy of
the government in expanding credit to agriculture. The following figure depicts
the growth in agricultural credit distributed by the STCCS:

Performance of STCCS under agricultural Credit

*Table omitted (the document can be viewed at URL:
http://www.rbi.org.in/scripts/BS_SpeechesView.aspx?Id=883#top)

Graph omitted the document can be viewed at
http://www.rbi.org.in/scripts/BS_SpeechesView.aspx?Id=883#top

12. Lending by cooperative credit institutions grew much faster than that by
other banks during the 1990s. Thereafter, their share has been declining since
2007-08. Despite this fall, cooperatives clearly remain the major source of
agricultural credit to small and medium farmers in terms of the number of
borrowers and size of individual loans.

*Table omitted (the document can be viewed at URL:
http://www.rbi.org.in/scripts/BS_SpeechesView.aspx?Id=883#top)

PROBLEMS OF COOPERATIVES

13. Despite the phenomenal outreach and volume of operations, the health of a
very large proportion of rural credit cooperatives has deteriorated
significantly. The institutions are beset with problems like poor governance
infrastructural weaknesses, operational inefficiencies and the consequent
impairment of their financial health. Several factors such as low borrowing
membership, low resource base, lack of democratization and professionalism, high
incidence of overdues and almost stagnant recovery performance have led to the
deterioration in the financial soundness of cooperatives. There is an urgent
need to find ways for strengthening the cooperative movement to meet the credit
needs of rural India, especially the resource-poor and resource-less poor
farmers. The revitalization and strengthening of cooperative institutions at all
levels should therefore be considered not only desirable but expedient. The
thrust has to be four-fold, financial, operational, organizational and systemic.

POOR GOVERNANCE

14. Cooperatives operate within the legal framework formulated by state
governments. However, compliance with the legal provisions of the State
Cooperative Societies Acts has not been ensured. Governance, connected lending,
transparency in grant of loans, audit, internal checks and control, recovery of
dues, recruitment of qualified persons are issues trammeling the efficient
functioning of cooperatives.

15. As dominant share holders, state governments interference in the management
of cooperatives. Supervision and guidance by the elected Boards is lax. Delay in
conduct of elections, frequent supersession of the Boards, lack of participation
by members in the management and decision-making process have impaired
functioning of cooperatives on sound business lines. In the absence of
professional management, accountability and uncertain tenures, the Board members
are not able to provide dynamic leadership to the organization. Restoring and
strengthening autonomy, mutual help and self governance are the cornerstone of
the cooperatives.

ABSENCE OF PRUDENT INTEREST RATE POLICIES

16. Cooperatives have access to huge deposits from public but there is no system
to ensure prudent deployment of these funds. They have not taken advantage of
the freedom given to them to decide on the interest rates on deposits and
advances. While deposits are accepted at unsustainably higher rates, loan
pricing is done in imprudent manner without factoring in cost of funds. Many
cooperatives are unable to generate enough revenue or surplus to sustain their
operations and boost capital formation on account of very thin or negative
margins. As a result, there are frequent demands for recapitalization which
causes pressure on the limited resources of governments which could have been
used for productive investments benefitting the society in large.

LACK OF HR POLICIES AND PROFESSIONALISM

17. The quality of human resources is an important determinant of the success of
any organization. This aspect, however, has not received due importance in the
cooperative institutions. The cooperative banks are headed by a committee of
elected members who are not professionals and do not possess sound knowledge in
banking functions. The Committee takes crucial business decisions involving
sanction of loans, investments, interest rates on deposits and loans, etc. which
require a minimum degree of skill and expertise. Often, the role of Chief
Executive Officers in these areas is minimal.

18. Cooperatives do not have well defined capacity building and HR policies in
crucial areas like recruitment, placement, training, career progression,
succession planning, etc. Recruitments are done without any objective and
systematic manpower assessment. All these have led to inefficiency and lower
productivity. Though there is a system of training in place in many cooperative
banks, there is no need-assessment to align training with the current and future
staff requirements. Training programs should be designed to achieve skill
upgradation in areas related to audit and expenditure, management and aptitude
development. It is also necessary to keep the staff sufficiently motivated
through periodic job rotation, job enrichment and recognition of performance.

POOR RECOVERY PERFORMANCE

19. Frequent loan waiver announcements by governments aimed to garner electoral
support have vitiated the credit discipline among the borrowers and affected the
recovery atmosphere. The resultant weak finances, growing NPAs and poor resource
base have contributed to the declining performance of the cooperatives,
particularly at the grass root level. Since these grass root institutions depend
on liquidity support from higher financing agencies like State and Central
Cooperative Banks, non-payment of dues impairs the financial health of the
entire chain.

INADEQUATE INTERNAL CONTROL AND AUDIT

20. Cooperatives do not pay attention to implementation of adequate and
foolproof internal checks and control. Balancing of books and reconciliation of
entries are in arrears for unduly long periods. As a result, there is frequent
incidence of frauds involving the staff who game the system. Very often, these
cases are held up due to protracted litigation in Courts of law and the guilty
are not brought to book .There is absence of effective audit mechanism. There
are delays in the conduct of audits and submission of reports. Quality of audit
leaves much to be desired in as much as it fails to address the gaps in the
systems and processes and improve efficiency of operations of the cooperatives.

LACK OF MEMBER PARTICIPATION

21. The cooperative structure should be member-driven. However, members having a
voting right do not take active part or show interest in the affairs of the
cooperatives since the control and management is vested in a few members
.Besides, depositors, whose money is intermediated by the cooperatives, have no
voting right or any say in the management.

NOT KEEPING PACE WITH CHANGES

22. Cooperatives have been unable to adapt themselves to the rapid pace of
changes in the financial sector. Cooperatives have lagged behind in designing of
new products and services and in adoption of technology and advanced management
practices that have changed the face of financial sector in the post
economic-liberalization era. As a result, they are unable to cope with the stiff
competition posed by other banks in rural finance and retain their market share.

DUALITY OF CONTROL

23. Under the Constitution, 'Cooperation' is a state subject governed by the
respective State Cooperative Societies Acts. Registration, incorporation,
management, election, and audit are governed by the State Acts. Some aspects
relating to banking activities are regulated and supervised by the Reserve Bank
of India / NABARD under the Banking Regulation Act, 1949 (As Applicable to
Cooperative Societies). There is an urgent need to remove the overlapping
controls and endowing functional autonomy and operational freedom to
cooperatives. Banking functions should be brought completely under the Banking
Regulation Act. The provisions of the Banking Regulation Act should override the
provisions of the State Acts/bye-laws/rules which run counter to it. This will
lead to clear demarcation of the areas of activities of cooperative banks.

NEED FOR REVIVAL OF THE COOPERATIVE CREDIT INSTITUTIONS

24. It is pertinent to mention that in the first place, India is a country with
a population of more than 110 crore, of which around 70 crore reside in a little
over 6 lakh villages. As there are a little over ninety two thousand PACS in the
country, every 8th village, on an average, has an existing cooperative credit
outlet. It is in this context that the role of cooperatives assumes importance.
A number of Committees were set up to suggest reforms in the sector. Based on
the recommendations of the Vaidyanathan Committee, the Government of India
rolled out in January 2006, a package for revival of the Short-Term Rural
Co-operative Credit Structure. The Task Force also suggested wide-ranging
reforms in the governance and management of STCCS including crucial amendments
to the respective State Cooperative Societies Acts that were to precede the
recommended one-time capitalization jointly by the Central government, the state
governments and the STCCS of the state itself.

25. Twenty-five state governments signed the MoU with Government of India and
NABARD to participate in and implement the package. As on December 2012, 21
states had amended the respective State Cooperative Societies Act. An amount of
Rs. 9,002 crore was released by NABARD as the Government of India's share, while
the state government released Rs. 856 crore as their share for recapitalisation
of 53,202 eligible PACS in 17 States. Recapitalisation assistance could not be
released in many cases as the states did not complete all the necessary
benchmark activities within the stipulated period.

LICENSING OF RURAL COOPERATIVE BANKS

26. The Committee on Financial Sector Assessment set up by the Government of
India in September 2006, under the Chairmanship of Dr. Rakesh Mohan, looked into
the financial health of all the banks including the cooperative banks and made
recommendations for improvement of financial health and systems for attaining
and maintaining financial stability. A major recommendation of the Committee was
to prohibit unlicensed banks from functioning beyond March 2012.

27. As there were a large number of cooperative banks (17 out of 31 State
Cooperative Banks and 296 out of 371 District Central Cooperative banks)
functioning without license, the Reserve Bank of India relaxed the licensing
norms to grant license to these banks. The relaxed norms were

i. Capital to Risk-weighted Assets Ratio (CRAR) - Minimum 4 %, and

ii. Compliance with CRR and SLR for the last one year (default on one or two
occasions were permitted).

Consequent upon relaxation of licensing norms, 50 banks qualified for issue of
license reducing the number of unlicensed banks from 73 as on February 29, 2012
to 43 as on March 31, 2012 and further to 23 as on June 30, 2013.

*Table omitted (the document can be viewed at URL:
http://www.rbi.org.in/scripts/BS_SpeechesView.aspx?Id=883#top)

RECENT POLICY INITIATIVES

IMPLEMENTATION OF CORE BANKING SOLUTION

28. The Reserve Bank of India has granted permission to StCBs and CCBs to
participate in the payment system and offer RTGS/ECS/NEFT facilities to their
customers/members. Since IT infrastructure is the prerequisite for offering
these services, Core Banking Solution (CBS) is being implemented in StCBs and
CCBs. Several banks have joined the NABARD assisted project and made significant
progress in implementation of CBS. Some banks have undertaken implementation of
CBS on their own. Full implementation is expected to be achieved by March 31,
2014.

*Table omitted (the document can be viewed at URL:
http://www.rbi.org.in/scripts/BS_SpeechesView.aspx?Id=883#top)

PRUDENTIAL NORMS ON CAPITAL ADEQUACY

29. Rural cooperative banks have been kept out of Capital to Risk-Weighted
Assets Ratio (CRAR) framework for a long time on the grounds that there is an
in-built accretion to capital every time a loan is availed of by a member. In
view of the high level of default characterizing the STCCS and the risk posed by
higher concentration of loan portfolios of these banks in a single sector with
defined areas of operation, the Vaidyanathan Task Force recommended for bringing
all tiers of the STCCS under the CRAR framework. The Reserve Bank of India
recently reviewed the position of CRAR in StCBs and CCBs and has introduced the
minimum CRAR requirement for these banks. A roadmap has been laid down for
achieving CRAR of 7% by March 31, 2015 and 9% by March 31, 2017.

30. Since these banks have limited avenues of mobilizing additional capital
resources, permission has been granted for issue of Long Term (Subordinated)
Deposits and Innovative Perpetual Debt Instruments. State / Central Co-operative
Banks (StCBs / CCBs) are now allowed to issue Long Term (Subordinated) Deposits
(LTD) with the prior permission of the respective Registrar (RCS) granted in
consultation with the Reserve Bank. LTD can be issued to members and
non-members, including those outside the area of operations of the StCBs / CCBs
concerned. There is no prohibition on existing shareholders subscribing to LTD.
The amounts raised through LTD will be eligible to be treated as lower Tier II
capital, subject to certain conditions.

31. State / Central Co-operative Banks are also allowed to issue Innovative
Perpetual Debt Instruments (Innovative Instruments). The instruments may be
issued as bonds or debentures to qualify for inclusion as Tier I Capital for
capital adequacy purposes. Banks are required to obtain prior approval of the
Reserve Bank of India, on a case-by-case basis, for issue of innovative
instruments. Innovative instruments shall not exceed 15 per cent of total Tier I
capital. Innovative instruments in excess of the above limits shall be eligible
for inclusion under Tier II, subject to limits prescribed for Tier II capital.
However, investors' rights and obligations would remain unchanged.

MEMBERSHIP OF CREDIT INFORMATION COMPANIES

32. Under the Credit Information Companies (Regulation) Act, 2005, all
co-operative banks are credit institutions and every credit institution has to
be a member of at least one Credit Information Company (CIC). State and Central
cooperative banks are required to take membership of at least one CIC. In
developing economies, lending, especially to retail, has been made possible by
credit information companies, which perform the vital task of collating and
distributing reliable credit information to the specified users. Reports from
CICs contain information about the payment behaviour of consumers and commercial
entities, including data on timely fulfillment of or delinquency in meeting the
financial obligations. It helps credit institutions in making an informed
decision about a credit applicant.

STATE COOPERATIVE BANKS - GUIDING ROLE

33. State Cooperative Banks are the apex level institutions in the federal
structure of STCCS. They accept huge deposits from the affiliated / member
societies and also from non-members. They provide liquidity support and
financial accommodation to the member societies down the chain. Large volume of
funds in the form of governmental assistance under various welfare and subsidy
schemes, grants and refinance from higher refinance agencies are channeled
through state cooperative banks to the lower tier institutions. Hence, it is the
responsibility of the state cooperative banks to provide guidance and direction
to the member societies and ensure that the valuable resources are not frittered
away and diverted to investments in risky assets. Weaknesses in lower tier
institutions would eventually move up the chain and bring down the entire
edifice of the federal cooperative credit structure. Even strong state
cooperative banks would face threat to their survival if the structural
weaknesses are not addressed in a timely manner.

34. State cooperative banks have a larger role in the development of the state
economy. They should rise above the self-interest and work for serving the
economic interests of the society at large. It need not be emphasized that these
banks should keep their own house in order and conduct themselves with
unquestionable integrity and social responsibility.

WAY FORWARD

35. Cooperatives have inherent advantages as member-owned and member-controlled
institutions. Successive governments have acknowledged their role in improving
the productivity and eradication of poverty among the rural masses and
contribution to development of rural economy and provided support and assistance
as a part of State-promoted policies. However, cooperatives have to make
sustained efforts to address the constraints and inadequacies discussed above.

36. To sum up, cooperatives should practice good corporate governance and social
responsibility. These institutions should be purely 'member-driven' keeping the
principle of cooperation in letter and spirit. Professionalism should be
introduced in staffing and adequate training opportunities should be provided to
the employees of cooperatives for skill upgradation. They should frame sound and
prudent policies for loans and investments and conduct themselves in the larger
interests of the depositors and the general public. Cooperatives should overcome
their inertia and resistance to change and emerge as technology-driven,
well-managed institutions to inspire confidence in the public and secure their
survival.

Thank you for a patient hearing. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 19, 2016 Saturday

Requests for Applications: Rural Business Development Grant Program to Provide
Technical Assistance for Rural Transportation Systems

LENGTH: 5112  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 This Notice is to invite applications for grants to provide Technical
Assistance for Rural Transportation (RT) systems under the Rural Business
Development Grant (RBDG) program pursuant to 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E, 2 CFR
chapter IV and 2 CFR part 200 for fiscal year (FY) 2017, subject to the
availability of funding to provide Technical Assistance for RT systems and for
RT systems to Federally Recognized Native American Tribes' (FRNAT) (collectively
"Programs") and the terms provided in such funding.

This Notice is being issued before the FY 2017 appropriation has been enacted in
order to allow applicants sufficient time to leverage financing, prepare and
submit their applications, and give the Agency time to process applications in
FY 2017. This Notice is based on the assumption that the FY 2017 appropriation
will be identical to its successors. Should that not be the case, this Notice
will be amended to reflect those changes. Successful applications will be
selected by the Agency for funding and subsequently awarded to the extent that
funding may ultimately be made available to the Agency through appropriations.
Awards under both grant Programs will be competitively awarded to eligible
applicant(s) which historically has been a qualified national Nonprofit
organization. It is expected that one grant will be for the provision of
Technical Assistance to RT Projects and that the other grant will be for the
provision of Technical Assistance to RT Projects operated by FRNATs only.



 All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in developing their
applications.



 All initially capitalized terms in this Notice, other than proper names, are
defined in 7 CFR 4280.403.

 Dates



 Completed applications must be received in the USDA Rural Development State
Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on March 31, 2017. Applications
received at a USDA Rural Development State Office after this date will not be
considered for FY 2017 funding.

 Addresses



 Submit applications in paper format to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the State where the Project is located. A list of the USDA Rural Development
State Office contacts can be found at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.

 For Further Information Contact



 Specialty Programs Division, Business Programs, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., MS 3226,
Room 4204-South, Washington, DC 20250-3226, or call 202-720-1400. For further
information on this Notice, please contact the USDA Rural Development State
Office in the State in which the applicant's headquarters is located.

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Solicitation Opportunity Title: Rural Business Development Grants.



 Announcement Type: Initial Solicitation Announcement.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.351.



 Dates: Completed applications must be received in the USDA Rural Development
State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on March 31, 2017, to be
eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Applications received after this date will
not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

 A. Program Description



 1. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of this program is to improve the
economic conditions of Rural Areas.



 2. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under section 310B(c) of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)). Regulations are
contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E. The program is administered on behalf
of Rural Business-Cooperative Service (RBS) at the State level by the USDA Rural
Development State Offices. Assistance provided to Rural Areas under the program
has historically included the provision of on-site Technical Assistance to local
and regional governments, public transit agencies, and related Nonprofit and
for-profit organizations in Rural Areas; the development of training materials;
and the provision of necessary training assistance to local officials and
agencies in Rural Areas.



 Awards under the RBDG passenger transportation program will be made on a
competitive basis using specific selection criteria contained in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart E, and in accordance with section 310B(c) of the Consolidated Farm
and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)). Information required to be in the
application package includes Standard Form (SF) 424, "Application for Federal
Assistance;" environmental documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part 1970,
"Environmental Policies and Procedures;" Scope of Work Narrative; Income
Statement; Balance Sheet or Audit for previous 3 years; AD-1047,
"Debarment/Suspension Certification;" AD-1048, "Certification Regarding
Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility and Voluntary Exclusion;" AD-1049,
"Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements;" SF LLL, "Disclosure
of Lobbying Activities;" RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement;" RD 400-4,
"Assurance Agreement;" and a letter providing Board authorization to obtain
assistance. For the FRNAT grant, which must benefit FRNATs, at least 75 percent
of the benefits of the Project must be received by members of FRNATs. The
Project that scores the greatest number of points based on the RBDG selection
criteria and the discretionary points will be selected for each grant.



 Applicants must be qualified national Nonprofit organizations with experience
in providing Technical Assistance and training to Rural communities nationwide
for the purpose of improving passenger transportation service or facilities. To
be considered "national," RBS requires a qualified organization to provide
evidence that it operates RT assistance programming nation-wide. There is not a
requirement to use the grant funds in a multi-State area. Grants will be made to
qualified national non-profit organizations for the provision of Technical
Assistance and training to Rural communities for the purpose of improving
passenger transportation services or facilities.



 3. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.403.



 4. Application Awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, and score applications
received in response to this Notice based on the provisions in 7 CFR 4280,
subpart E and as indicated in this Notice. However, the Agency advises all
interested parties that the applicant bears the burden in preparing and
submitting an application in response to this Notice.

 B. Federal Award Information



 Type of Award: Grants.



 Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2017.



 Available Funds: Anyone interested in submitting an application for funding
under this program is encouraged to consult the Rural Development Web Newsroom
Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas for
funding information.



 Approximate Number of Awards: To be determined based on the number of qualified
applications received. Historically two awards have been made.



 Maximum Awards: Will be determined by the specific funding provided for the
Programs in the FY 2017 Appropriations Act.



 Award Date: Prior to September 30, 2017.



 Performance Period: October 1, 2017, through September 30, 2018.



 Renewal or Supplemental Awards: None.

 C. Eligibility Information



 1. Eligible Applicants.



 To be considered eligible, an entity must be a qualified national Nonprofit
organization serving Rural Areas as evidenced in its organizational documents
and demonstrated experience, per 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E. Grants will be
competitively awarded to qualified national Nonprofit organizations.



 The Agency requires the following information to make an eligibility
determination that an applicant is a national Nonprofit organization. These
applications must include, but are not limited to, the following:



 (a) An original and one copy of SF 424, "Application for Federal Assistance
(For Non-construction);"



 (b) Copies of applicant's organizational documents showing the applicant's
legal existence and authority to perform the activities under the grant;



 (c) A proposed scope of work, including a description of the proposed Project,
details of the proposed activities to be accomplished and timeframes for
completion of each task, the number of months duration of the Project, and the
estimated time it will take from grant approval to beginning of Project
implementation;



 (d) A written narrative that includes, at a minimum, the following items:



 (i) An explanation of why the Project is needed, the benefits of the proposed
Project, and how the Project meets the grant eligible purposes;



 (ii) Area to be served, identifying each governmental unit, i.e., town, county,
etc., to be affected by the Project;



 (iii) Description of how the Project will coordinate Economic Development
activities with other Economic Development activities within the Project area;



 (iv) Businesses to be assisted, if appropriate, and Economic Development to be
accomplished;



 (v) An explanation of how the proposed Project will result in newly created,
increased, or supported jobs in the area and the number of projected new and
supported jobs within the next 3 years;



 (vi) A description of the applicant's demonstrated capability and experience in
providing the proposed Project assistance, including experience of key staff
members and persons who will be providing the proposed Project activities and
managing the Project;



 (vii) The method and rationale used to select the areas and businesses that
will receive the service;



 (viii) A brief description of how the work will be performed, including whether
organizational staff or consultants or contractors will be used; and



 (ix) Other information the Agency may request to assist it in making a grant
award determination.



 (e) The latest 3 years of financial information to show the applicant's
financial capacity to carry out the proposed work. If the applicant is less than
3 years old, at a minimum, the information should include all balance sheet(s),
income statement(s) and cash flow statement(s). A current audited report is
required if available;



 (f) Documentation regarding the availability and amount of other funds to be
used in conjunction with the funds from RBDG;



 (g) A budget which includes salaries, fringe benefits, consultant costs,
indirect costs, and other appropriate direct costs for the Project.



 2. Cost Sharing or Matching. Matching funds are not required.



 3. Other.



 Applications will only be accepted from qualified national Nonprofit
organizations to provide Technical Assistance for RT. There are no
"responsiveness," or "threshold" eligibility criteria for these grants. There is
no limit on the number of applications an applicant may submit under this
announcement. In addition to the forms listed under program description, Form
AD-3030 "Representations Regulation Felony Conviction and Tax Delinquent Status
for Corporate Applicants," must be completed in the affirmative.



 None of the funds made available may be used to enter into a contract,
memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or
provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that has any unpaid Federal
tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative
remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a
timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for
collecting the tax liability, where the awarding agency is aware of the unpaid
tax liability, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of
the corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not
necessary to protect the interests of the Government.



 None of the funds made available may be used to enter into a contract,
memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or
provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any corporation that was convicted of a
felony criminal violation under any Federal law within the preceding 24 months,
where the awarding agency is aware of the conviction, unless a Federal agency
has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a
determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests
of the Government.



 4. Completeness Eligibility.



 Applications will not be considered for funding if they do not provide
sufficient information to determine eligibility or are missing required
elements.

 D. Application and Submission Information



 1. Address to Request Application Package.



 For further information, entities wishing to apply for assistance should
contact the USDA Rural Development State Office provided in the ADDRESSES
section of this Notice to obtain copies of the application package.



 Applications must be submitted in paper format. Applications submitted to a
USDA Rural Development State Office must be received by the closing date and
local time.



 2. Content and Form of Application Submission.



 An application must contain all of the required elements. Each application
received in a USDA Rural Development State Office will be reviewed to determine
if it is consistent with the eligible purposes contained in section 310B(c) of
the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1932(c)). Each
selection priority criterion outlined in 7 CFR 4280.435 must be addressed in the
application. Failure to address any of the criterion will result in a zero-point
score for that criterion and will impact the overall evaluation of the
application. Copies of 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E, will be provided to any
interested applicant making a request to a USDA Rural Development State Office.



 All Projects to receive Technical Assistance through these passenger
transportation grant funds are to be identified when the applications are
submitted to the USDA Rural Development State Office. Multiple Project
applications must identify each individual Project, indicate the amount of
funding requested for each individual Project, and address the criteria as
stated above for each individual Project.



 For multiple-Project applications, the average of the individual Project scores
will be the score for that application.



 The applicant documentation and forms needed for a complete application are
located in the PROGRAM DESCRIPTION section of this notice, and 7 CFR part 4280,
subpart E.



 (a) There are no specific formats, specific limitations on number of pages,
font size and type face, margins, paper size, number of copies, and the sequence
or assembly requirements.



 (b) The component pieces of this application should contain original signatures
on the original application.



 (c) Since these grants are for Technical Assistance for transportation
purposes, no additional information requirements other than those described in
this Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E are required.



 3. Unique entity identifier and System for Award Management.



 All applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System
(DUNS) number which can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at
(866) 705-5711 or at http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform. Each applicant (unless the
applicant is an individual or Federal awarding agency that is excepted from the
requirements under 2 CFR 25.110(b)) or (c) or has an exception approved by the
Federal awarding agency under 2 CFR 25.110(d) is required to: (i) Be registered
in the System for Award Management (SAM) before submitting its application; (ii)
provide a valid unique entity identifier in its application; and (iii) continue
to maintain an active SAM registration with current information at all times
during which it has an active Federal award or an application or plan under
consideration by a Federal awarding agency. The Federal awarding agency may not
make a Federal award to an applicant until the applicant has complied with all
applicable unique entity identifier and SAM requirements and, if an applicant
has not fully complied with the requirements by the time the Federal awarding
agency is ready to make a Federal award, the Federal awarding agency may
determine that the applicant is not qualified to receive a Federal award and use
that determination as a basis for making a Federal award to another applicant.



 4. Submission Dates and Times.



 (a) Application Deadline Date: No later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on March
31, 2017.



 Explanation of Deadlines: Applications must be in the USDA Rural Development
State Office by the local deadline date and time as indicated above. If the due
date falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the application is due the
next business day.



 (b) The deadline date means that the completed application package must be
received in the USDA Rural Development State Office by the deadline date
established above. All application documents identified in this Notice are
required.



 (c) If complete applications are not received by the deadline established
above, the application will neither be reviewed nor considered under any
circumstances.



 (d) The Agency will determine the application receipt date based on the actual
date postmarked.



 (e) This Notice is for RT Technical Assistance grants only and therefore,
intergovernmental reviews are not required.



 (f) These grants are for RT Technical Assistance grants only, no construction
or equipment purchases are permitted. If the grantee has a previously approved
indirect cost rate, it is permissible, otherwise, the applicant may elect to
charge the 10 percent indirect cost permitted under 2 CFR 200.414(f) or request
a determination of its Indirect Cost Rate. Due to the time required to evaluate
Indirect Cost Rates, it is likely that all funds will be awarded by the time the
Indirect Cost Rate is determined. No foreign travel is permitted. Pre-Federal
award costs will only be permitted with prior written approval by the Agency.



 (g) Applicants must submit applications in hard copy format as previously
indicated in the APPLICATION AND SUBMISSION INFORMATION section of this notice.
If the applicant wishes to hand deliver its application, the addresses for these
deliveries can be located in the ADDRESSES section of this Notice.



 (h) If you require alternative means of communication for program information
(e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET
Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

 E. Application Review Information



 1. Criteria.



 All eligible and complete applications will be evaluated and scored based on
the selection criteria and weights contained in 7 CFR 4280.435 and will select
grantees subject to the grantees' satisfactory submission of the additional
items required by 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E and the USDA Rural Development
Letter of Conditions. Failure to address any one of the criteria in 7 CFR
4280.435 by the application deadline will result in the application being
determined ineligible, and the application will not be considered for funding.
The amount of an RT grant may be adjusted, at the Agency's discretion, to enable
the Agency to award RT grants to the applications with the highest priority
scores in each category.



 2. Review and Selection Process.



 The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible
for assistance based on requirements contained in 7 CFR 4280.416 and 4280.417.
If determined eligible, your application will be submitted to the National
Office. Funding of Projects is subject to the applicant's satisfactory
submission of the additional items required by that subpart and the USDA Rural
Development Letter of Conditions. The Agency reserves the right to award
additional discretionary points under 7 CFR 4280.435(k).



 In awarding discretionary points, the Agency scoring criteria regularly assigns
points to applications that direct loans or grants to Projects based in or
serving census tracts with poverty rates greater than or equal to 20 percent.
This emphasis will support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality
of life for Rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who
most need them.

 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices.



 Successful applicants will receive notification for funding from their USDA
Rural Development State Office. Applicants must comply with all applicable
statutes and regulations before the grant award will be approved. Unsuccessful
applications will receive notification by mail.



 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.



 Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this program can be
found in 7 CFR 4280.408, 4280.410, and 4280.439. Awards are subject to USDA
Departmental Grant Regulations at 2 CFR Chapter IV which incorporates the new
Office of Management and Budget (OMB) regulations at 2 CFR part 200.



 All successful applicants will be notified by letter, which will include a
Letter of Conditions, and a Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions. This letter is
not an authorization to begin performance. If the applicant wishes to consider
beginning performance prior to the grant being officially closed, all pre-award
costs must be approved in writing and in advance by the Agency. The grant will
be considered officially awarded when all conditions in the Letter of Conditions
have been met and the Agency obligates the funding for the Project.



 Additional requirements that apply to grantees selected for this program can be
found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart E; the Grants and Agreements regulations of
the U.S. Department of Agriculture codified in 2 CFR Chapter IV, and successor
regulations.



 In addition, all recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to
report information about first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation (see 2
CFR part 170). You will be required to have the necessary processes and systems
in place to comply with the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act
of 2006 (Pub. L. 109-282) reporting requirements (see 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless
you are exempt under 2 CFR 170.110(b)). More information on these requirements
can be found at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-
grants.



 The following additional requirements apply to grantees selected for this
program:



 (a) Form RD 4280-2 "Rural Business-Cooperative Service Financial Assistance
Agreement."



 (b) Letter of Conditions.



 (c) Form RD 1940-1, "Request for Obligation of Funds."



 (d) Form RD 1942-46, "Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions."



 (e) Form AD-1047, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other
Responsibility Matters-Primary Covered Transactions."



 (f) Form AD-1048, "Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility
and Voluntary Exclusion-Lower Tier Covered Transactions."



 (g) Form AD-1049, "Certification Regarding a Drug-Free Workplace Requirement (
Grants)."



 (h) Form AD-3030, "Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or Tax Delinquent
Status for Corporate Applicants." Must be signed by corporate applicants who
receive an award under this Notice.



 (i) Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement." Each prospective recipient must sign
Form RD 400-4, Assurance Agreement, which assures USDA that the recipient is in
compliance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 7 CFR part 15 and
other Agency regulations. That no person will be discriminated against based on
race, color or national origin, in regard to any program or activity for which
the re-lender receives Federal financial assistance. That nondiscrimination
statements are in advertisements and brochures.



 Collect and maintain data provided by ultimate recipients on race, sex, and
national origin and ensure Ultimate Recipients collect and maintain this data.
Race and ethnicity data will be collected in accordance with OMB Federal
Register notice, "Revisions to the Standards for the Classification of Federal
Data on Race and Ethnicity," (62 FR 58782), October 30, 1997. Sex data will be
collected in accordance with Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. These
items should not be submitted with the application but should be available upon
request by the Agency.



 The applicant and the ultimate recipient must comply with Title VI of the Civil
Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA), Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Age
Discrimination Act of 1975, Executive Order 12250, Executive Order 13166 Limited
English Proficiency (LEP), and 7 CFR part 1901, subpart E.



 (j) SF LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activities," if applicable.



 (k) Form SF 270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement."



 3. Reporting.



 (a) A Financial Status Report and a Project performance activity report will be
required of all grantees on a quarterly basis until initial funds are expended
and yearly thereafter, if applicable, based on the Federal fiscal year. The
grantee will complete the Project within the total time available to it in
accordance with the Scope of Work and any necessary modifications thereof
prepared by the grantee and approved by the Agency. A final Project performance
report will be required with the final Financial Status Report. The final report
may serve as the last quarterly report. The final report must provide complete
information regarding the jobs created and supported as a result of the grant if
applicable. Grantees must continuously monitor performance to ensure that time
schedules are being met, projected work by time periods is being accomplished,
and other performance objectives are being achieved. Grantees must submit an
original of each report to the Agency no later than 30 days after the end of the
quarter. The Project performance reports must include, but not be limited to,
the following:



 (1) A comparison of actual accomplishments to the objectives established for
that period;



 (2) Problems, delays, or adverse conditions, if any, which have affected or
will affect attainment of overall Project objectives, prevent meeting time
schedules or objectives, or preclude the attainment of particular Project work
elements during established time periods. This disclosure shall be accompanied
by a statement of the action taken or planned to resolve the situation;



 (3) Objectives and timetable established for the next reporting period;



 (4) Any special reporting requirements, such as jobs supported and created,
businesses assisted, or Economic Development which results in improvements in
median household incomes, and any other specific requirements, should be placed
in the reporting section in the Letter of Conditions; and



 (5) Within 90 days after the conclusion of the Project, the grantee will
provide a final Project evaluation report. The last quarterly payment will be
withheld until the final report is received and approved by the Agency. Even
though the grantee may request reimbursement on a monthly basis, the last 3
months of reimbursements will be withheld until a final Project, Project
performance, and financial status report are received and approved by the
Agency.

 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contact(s)



 For general questions about this announcement, please contact your USDA Rural
Development State Office provided in the ADDRESSES section of this Notice.

 H. Civil Rights Requirements



 All grants made under this Notice are subject to Title VI of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964 as required by the USDA (7 CFR part 15, subpart A) and Section 504
of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Title VIII of the Civil Rights Act of 1968,
Title IX, Executive Order 13166 (Limited English Proficiency), Executive Order
11246, and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act of 1974.

 I. Other Information

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirement contained in this Notice is approved by OMB under OMB
Control Number 0570-0070.

 Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act



 All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a DUNS number,
which can be obtained at no cost via a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711
or online at http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform. Similarly, all applicants must be
registered in SAM prior to submitting an application. Applicants may register
for the SAM at http://www.sam.gov. All recipients of Federal financial
assistance are required to report information about first-tier sub-awards and
executive total compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170.

 I. Nondiscrimination Statement



 In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD 3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:



 (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410;



 (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or



 (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.

 Dated: November 9, 2016.

 Samuel H. Rikkers,

 Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-27734 Filed 11-17-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 25, 2004 Thursday

Rural Oklahoma Capital Alliance plots $20 million investment

BYLINE: Janice Francis-Smith

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 638 words


The Rural Oklahoma Capital Alliance plans to invest $20 million in rural
Oklahoma.

The new for-profit venture capital organization unveiled its plans Wednesday at
a press conference at the state Capitol.

Partners in the organization include the Oklahoma Farm Bureau, the Oklahoma
Farmers Union, Pioneer Telephone Cooperative, the Oklahoma Rural Development
Council, the Oklahoma State University Department of Agriculture, and The State
Chamber. Ray Wheatley, who has gained experience with venture capital working
with New Century Capital Corp. in Stillwater and Stillwater Investment Partners,
serves as president of the Rural Oklahoma Capital Alliance, or ROCA.

ROCA has already raised about $2.5 million, and plans to leverage its funds with
federal grant funds made available through the Rural Business Investment
Program, administered by the Small Business Administration and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

Though ROCA may support startup and existing companies from many different
industries, seven specific industries are being targeted for investment:
technology, alternative agriculture, value-added processing, tourism,
alternative forms of energy, manufacturing and services.

"There are no boundaries on new ideas and initiatives," said Wheatley. Though
some great ideas spring up in rural communities, the money and management skills
needed to turn those ideas into successful companies has been lacking in rural
areas, he said. This has resulted in "incomplete companies" in rural areas, that
"don't have all the expertise - and don't have the money to hire all the
expertise - they need to be successful," said Wheatley.

"Ninety-eight percent of venture capital stays in the urban areas," said
Wheatley. "We must invest in rural Oklahoma for the long-term well-being of our
overall state economy."

The idea to form ROCA was conceived in 2002 at a business and industry meeting
at The State Chamber, and the chamber has been instrumental in the
organization's development.

"ROCA eliminates the greatest road blocks to economic development in rural
(Oklahoma), which is access to capital and expertise," said State Chamber
President Dick Rush. "The technical assistance available through this program,
which includes developing strategic business plans, hiring staff and overseeing
operations and management, will contribute to helping build sustainable economic
enterprises to support rural Oklahoma job creation."

"There is money in the rural community for them to invest in themselves - there
just hasn't been a vehicle for them to do so," said Tom Sturgeon, vice president
of Hennessey-based Dollar Enterprises. Dollar Enterprises includes a number of
successful ventures in Hennessey, including Dollar Transportation and Dollar
Motor Sports.

Sturgeon said he and his boss, David Dollar, were surprised by how many
investors they found were willing to support rural businesses. Dollar's latest
venture is developing wheat-straw into a marketable bed liner for transporting
farm animals. Sturgeon said the wheat-straw, if processed and packaged well,
could replace wood chips as the bed liner of choice in the industry.

"But we know we can't just go into a commercial banker and say, 'We've got $1
million, give us $9 million," said Sturgeon.

These are just the kind of ventures ROCA is looking for. According to D.C.
Coston, associate dean of OSU's Department of Agriculture, the mission of ROCA
fits in nicely with the mission of the university. "We want to help rural
Oklahoma's economy grow," said Coston. "That's what we're about. We're hoping in
the long run to develop an entrepreneurial ethic in rural Oklahoma. And maybe a
generation from now, have the developed the people who can be CEO of a major
international company - located in rural Oklahoma."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Financing

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 16, 1988 Saturday

Devine creates 3 new portfolios in Saskatchewan

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: Regina SK


Canadian Press
  REGINA
 Premier Grant Devine created three new departments in the Saskatchewan
Government yesterday, including a ministry in charge of selling Crown
corporations and Government services to private business.

Graham Taylor , previously the minister of tourism and small business,
becomes Minister of Public Participation. His department will work to sell
Government-owned businesses to the private sector.

Mr. Taylor also becomes responsible for Saskatchewan Government
Insurance, a Crown corporation already identified as for sale.

Robert Andrew , the former minister of economic development and trade,
takes over the Department of Trade and Investment.

Joan Duncan , who had been minister of consumer and corporate affairs,
takes on the new portfolio of Economic Development and Tourism. She also
becomes minister responsible for the Saskatchewan Economic Development
Corp.

Ms Duncan's new department replaces the department of tourism, small
business and co-operatives. Raymond Meiklejohn, Minister of Science and
Technology, takes on added duties as Minister of Consumer and Commercial
Affairs.

In other changes, Deputy Premier Eric Berntson regains responsibility
for the Saskatchewan Mining Development Corp. from Mr. Andrew. Highways
Minister Grant Hodgins takes over the Indian and Native Affairs
secretariat from Grant Schmidt.

As a result of the shuffle, ministers and their portfolios are:
 Grant Devine: Premier, Minister of Agriculture
 Eric Berntson: Deputy Premier, Provincial Secretary
 Robert Andrew: Justice, Trade and Investment
 Gary Lane: Finance, Telephones
 Graham Taylor: Public Participation
 Joan Duncan: Economic Development and Tourism
 Neal Hardy: Rural Development
 George McLeod: Health
 Patricia Smith: Energy and Mines
 Lorne Hepworth: Education
 Colin Maxwell: Parks, Recreation and Culture
 Grant Hodgins: Highways and Transportation
 Grant Schmidt: Human Resources, Labor and Employment, Social Services
 Jack Klein: Urban Affairs
 Raymond Meiklejohn: Science and Technology, Consumer and Commercial
Affairs
 Herbert Swan: Environment and Public Safety.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

Sayles celebrates volunteerism on a statewide scale

BYLINE: By Tiffany Acosta tfrank@nmsu.edu

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 861 words


LAS CRUCES, N.M. &GT;&GT; As a young girl growing up on a ranch in Otero County,
Martha Oliver Sayles didn't have access to youth development programs such as
4-H. After graduating from New Mexico State University and returning to the
family ranch, she decided to volunteer her time with the Cooperative Extension
Service.

"There's no doubt in my mind that 4-H is the very best youth program there is,"
Sayles said.

In Otero County, Sayles set up workshops and clinics teaching youth about
livestock. She called on staff from NMSU to come in as special speakers.

"I would be called upon to judge contests and the funny thing was many times I
would be judging my nieces and nephews, but they knew how tough I was being a
horse show judge. So I became more and more involved," she said.

"The 4-H program is the flagship program of the Cooperative Extension Service
not only in New Mexico but nationally," said Jon C. Boren, associate dean and
director of the New Mexico Cooperative Extension Service at NMSU. "It impacts
many youth in Dona Ana County and across the state of New Mexico."

Sayles and her husband, Danly, moved to Dona Ana County 42 years ago to build a
registered quarter horse farm, and she continued to volunteer with the
Cooperative Extension Service. The couple continues to raise, train and show
horses. As accredited judges in seven different breeds of horses, the couple has
judged across the country and globe. But their hearts are still with the youth
development programs.

The Smith-Lever Act of 1914 formally established the Cooperative Extension
Service. The collaboration between the United States Department of Agriculture,
state land-grant universities and counties connect the people of the state, so
they can benefit from the science-based knowledge generated at their land-grant
university.

"Unfortunately, the best-kept secret is the far-reaching effects of the
Cooperative Extension Service for adults and youth. I'm very adamant that we
need to keep telling the story of what the programs do for individual lives,"
Sayles said.

"We really work hard to bring the information from the university to all parts
of the county including Sunland Park, Chaparral, Hatch, everywhere in Dona Ana
County," said Karim Martinez, county program director and home economist.

The NMSU Dona Ana County Cooperative Extension Service office offers a diverse
selection of programs focused on topics such as agriculture, natural resources
and home economics along with youth, community and economic development. Funding
for each Cooperative Extension Service office is split between the county
government, the state government and the federal government through the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

"By having that funding come from the county, we are focused on serving our
county clientele and that means everyone in the county," Martinez said. "We
really work hard to make sure we are addressing whatever needs are important
here in our local area."

A few of the current issues facing Dona Ana County include the movement toward
more school and community gardens along with additional urban agriculture and
food safety issues.

"When you look at New Mexico as a whole it's a fairly rural state, however
Bernalillo County, where we have Albuquerque, and Dona Ana County are two of our
areas where we have different Extension programs. They are oriented not only to
our traditional rural programs but also meeting the needs and mission of more
urban-type communities," Boren said.

"A huge component of Extension really is our volunteers," Martinez said. "We
could not do what we do without all of our volunteers: 4-H leaders, youth
participants, Master Gardeners. We have quite a few volunteers in different
program areas."

"Extension was really founded in agriculture 100 years ago but the real benefit
of the Cooperative Extension Service is that we are a grassroots-driven
organization," Boren said. "We have advisory boards from various stakeholder
groups in every one of our 33 counties that provide our faculty in our county
Extension offices with input on what programs they most need to better their
lives and the communities."

While living in Dona Ana County, Sayles has served in a variety of areas
including as a Dona Ana County Advisory Board member, organizational leader for
4-H, president of the New Mexico Extension and Research Support Council and
awards committee chair. She also helped develop the parent leader organization
and served as president along with assisting with the guidelines and
establishment of the Dona Ana County Ambassador program.

"I believe in Dona Ana County, 4-H has touched the lives of many young people
and has benefited the parents as well," Sayles said.

Working with 4-H programs is a family affair. Sayles said her daughters, Sarah
Sayles and Rebekah (Sayles) Bachman, both served as New Mexico State 4-H
Ambassadors. They also continue to judge 4-H events.

"The success of the Cooperative Extension Service is really how well we listen
to the needs and it's also directly dependent upon our partnerships," Boren
said. "Martha Sayles has been a critical partner to the New Mexico Cooperative
Extension Service for many years."

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tiffany Acosta   Headlight Photo Longtime Dona Ana County resident
Martha Sayles of Sayles Quarter horses knows how important the New Mexico Dona
Ana County Cooperative Extension Service office is to the citizens of the
region. In 2014, the Cooperative Extension Service is celebrating the 100th
anniversary of the Smith-Lever Act, which founded the organization.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           December 25, 2010 Saturday

ADB, Japan Help Mongolia Improve Financial Services, Education For Poor

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Dec. 25 -- A $2.5 million grant from the Asian Development Bank (ADB)
will help Mongolia overhaul its savings and credit cooperative market and
provide basic financial education nationwide, particularly for poor households.

The grant is from Japan's Fund for Poverty Reduction, financed by the Government
of Japan and administered by ADB. The Financial Regulatory Commission is the
executing agency for the project which will be carried out over 3 years.

"This support will help strengthen the regulation and supervision of savings and
credit cooperatives. The project will also improve financial literacy in poor
households through an innovative television drama series." said Betty Wilkinson,
Senior Finance Specialist (Microfinance) in ADB's East Asia Department.

Mongolia is now passing a new law requiring savings and credit cooperatives to
be licensed and regulated according to the latest international best practice.
Following passage of the law, the grant will support the Financial Regulatory
Commission to carry out on-site inspections and field reviews of savings and
credit cooperative activities, provide training for staff, and introduce a
comprehensive evaluation system for measuring results. The grant will help
improve public understanding and confidence in the industry, which provides
services in both urban and in rural areas.

To raise public understanding about basic finance, key messages about savings
and managing money will be communicated through a six-part pilot drama series on
Mongolian television. If the public response is positive, more episodes will be
broadcast, with an accompanying phone text-in service that will incorporate
small incentive payments for answers to financial questions. This will allow
viewing rates, and the effectiveness of the messages, to be gauged.

"The Financial Regulatory Commission and the Ministry of Finance have agreed to
continue to fund the television series if the programs have a positive impact on
household financial literacy and behavior," said Ms. Wilkinson. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            June 18, 2014 Wednesday

World Bank okays grant to Côte d'Ivoire Governance and Institutional Development
Project

LENGTH: 335  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Board of Executive Directors of the World Bank okayed a US$5 million grant
in additional financing to the Côte d'Ivoire Governance and Institutional
Development Project.

Côte d'Ivoire is the world's largest cocoa producer, with an average production
of 1,300,000 tons of beans per year, and accounts for one quarter of its exports
and public revenues. Approximately 700,000 smallholder families (about 6 million
people) depend on cocoa production as their main source of income, which is an
essential pillar of the rural economy. However, poor management of the sector's
agencies has limited cocoa's contribution to rural growth and poverty reduction.

The grant aims to support enhanced transparency and efficiency in the management
of public finances and improved governance and efficiency in the cocoa sector.
It will support the Government's positive reform achievements by scaling up
efforts in the public finance and cocoa sectors, and by responding to new
challenges that have emerged in these areas.

Ousmane Diagana, World Bank Country Director for Côte d'Ivoire, said, "The
additional financing responds to the Government's appeal to development partners
to support public financial management and the strengthening of the cocoa
sector, and builds on a comprehensive PFM strategic plan that the Government is
putting in place with donors' assistance, and on the cocoa reforms which are
starting to provide more income to cocoa farmers and to help reduce poverty in
the rural areas."

An estimated 60 percent of cocoa farmers live below the poverty line and they
account for some 28 percent of all the poor in Côte d'Ivoire." A key element for
strengthening governance and efficiency in the economically pivotal cocoa sector
is the achievement of the conformity status with the new Organization for the
Harmonization in Africa of Commercial Law (Organisation pour l'Harmonisation en
Afrique du Droit des Affaires - OHADA) Uniform Act[1] by all the cooperatives
operating in the sector in this regard.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 29, 2010 Sunday

EDITORIAL: Gov't role in bringing broadband

BYLINE: The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 482 words


Aug. 29--Connecting rural Minnesota to the world is the key for economic
development.

A two-day summit last week in Minneapolis proved that point with story after
story about how high-speed Internet, or broadband, for success. And how the lack
of it means failure.

Held by U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar, the Summit brought attention to the fact that
rural Minnesota might as well be in deepest Africa for the good that can occur
without broadband.

Making the best point, perhaps, was Bruce Kerfoot, owner of Gunflint Lodge on
the Canadian border. He has dial-up Internet, which is extremely slow and
limited, while a competitor across the border in Canada has high-speed
broadband. It's near impossible to book rooms online on slow-speed dial-up, but
the Canadian resort had no problem booking Japanese tourists.

Broadband in itself can be an economic development tool, allowing remote areas
to compete in the global marketplace. Not only that, but access to Internet can
bring the world to rural Minnesota, especially to children who can supplement
their book learning with the wealth of information that is now on the Internet.

Someone once said power is information, and in the 21st century, that is most
certainly true.

But while the private sector is making great strides, such as Paul Bunyan
Telephone Cooperative in Bemidji, it is not without federal and, in some cases,
state subsidies. Broadband is becoming the electricity of the turn of the 20th
century, or the telephone in the 1930s, when federal aid brought both to rural
America through cooperatives.

Sen. Klobuchar brought with her to the summit Federal Communications Commission
Chairman Julius Genachowski, who said the United States was last among 40
countries surveyed about how rapidly they were developing broadband. "Standing
still on broadband is falling behind," he said.

He was told that broadband may even stem the tide of young people leaving rural
towns if broadband can help them maintain rural lifestyles but still communicate
as though they were in downtown Minneapolis.

Sen. Klobuchar was told that 64 percent of rural Minnesotans have high-speed
Internet connections, from 6 percent in 2001. She called broadband access "the
new essential utility."

But it won't come about without state and federal help, even in a rough economy.
Providing broadband access to rural America can help create the economic
development needed to turn the economy around, especially in rural areas.

To see more of The Bemidji Pioneer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.bemidjipioneer.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100829-JI-EDITORIAL-Gov-t-role-in-bringing-broadband-0829-20100829

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                         Copyright 2010 Bemidji Pioneer


                              766 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.
Application
process

Complete applications should be sent to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the project location. A list of offices and additional information can be
obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Hospitals and clinics

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              767 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.
Application
process

Complete applications should be sent to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the project location. A list of offices and additional information can be
obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Hospitals and clinics

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.
Application
process

Complete applications should be sent to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the project location. A list of offices and additional information can be
obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Hospitals and clinics

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.
Application
process

Complete applications should be sent to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the project location. A list of offices and additional information can be
obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Hospitals and clinics

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.
Application
process

Complete applications should be sent to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the project location. A list of offices and additional information can be
obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Hospitals and clinics

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.
Application
process

Complete applications should be sent to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the project location. A list of offices and additional information can be
obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Hospitals and clinics

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.
Application
process

Complete applications should be sent to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the project location. A list of offices and additional information can be
obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Hospitals and clinics

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.
Application
process

Complete applications should be sent to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the project location. A list of offices and additional information can be
obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Hospitals and clinics

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.
Application
process

Complete applications should be sent to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the project location. A list of offices and additional information can be
obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Hospitals and clinics

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.
Application
process

Complete applications should be sent to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the project location. A list of offices and additional information can be
obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Hospitals and clinics

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.
Application
process

Complete applications should be sent to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the project location. A list of offices and additional information can be
obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Hospitals and clinics

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.
Application
process

Complete applications should be sent to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the project location. A list of offices and additional information can be
obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Hospitals and clinics

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.
Application
process

Complete applications should be sent to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the project location. A list of offices and additional information can be
obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Hospitals and clinics

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Business and Industry Guaranteed Loans

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Contact information for your state can be obtained at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html
Purpose

The purpose of the Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program is to improve,
develop, or finance business, industry, and employment and improve the economic
and environmental climate in rural communities.

The Loan Program will bolster the existing private credit structure through the
guarantee of quality loans.

Loans may be used for:

Business and industrial acquisitions when the loan will keep the business from
closing, prevent the loss of employment opportunities, or provide expanded job
opportunities
    Business conversion, enlargement, repair, modernization, or development
    Purchase and development of land, easements, rights-of-way, buildings, or
facilities
    Purchase of equipment, leasehold improvements, machinery, supplies, or
inventory

Eligibility

A borrower may be:

A cooperative organization, corporation, partnership, or other legal entity
organized and operated on a profit or nonprofit basis
    An Indian tribe on a federal or state reservation or other Federally
recognized tribal group
    A public body
    An individual

A borrower must be engaged in or proposing to engage in a business that will:

Provide employment
    Improve the economic or environmental climate
    Promote the conservation, development, and use of water for aquaculture
    Reduce reliance on nonrenewable energy resources by encouraging the
development and construction of solar energy systems and other renewable energy
systems

Individual borrowers must be citizens of the United States (U.S.) or reside in
the U.S. after being legally admitted for permanent residence. Corporations or
other nonpublic body organization-type borrowers must be at least 51 percent
owned by persons who are either citizens of the U.S. or reside in the U.S. after
being legally admitted for permanent residence. B&I loans are normally available
in rural areas, which include all areas other than cities or towns of more than
50,000 people and the contiguous and adjacent urbanized area of such cities or
towns.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

The total amount of Agency loans to one borrower must not exceed $10 million.
The Administrator may, at the Administrator discretion, grant an exception to
the $10 million limit for loans of $25 million under certain circumstances. The
Secretary may approve guaranteed loans in excess of $25 million, up to $40
million, for rural cooperative organizations that process value-added
agricultural commodities.
Application
process

Complete applications should be sent to the USDA Rural Development State Office
for the project location. A list of offices and additional information can be
obtained at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/recd_map.html.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Hospitals and clinics

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 22, 2017 Sunday

Rural energy workshop Feb. 17

LENGTH: 864 words

DATELINE: DOVER-FOXCROFT


- The Piscataquis County Soil and Water Conservation District (PCSWCD) is
hosting a rural energy workshop for landowners, homeowners, farmers and small
businesses in partnership with the University of Maine Cooperative Extension
Piscataquis County Office and Dover-Dexter Area Towns in Transition (DDAT). The
workshop will be held on Friday, Feb. 17 with a snow date of Feb. 24 and the
session will include lunch for workshop participants.


Energy efficiency, energy audits and information on various energy sources will
all be discussed in this day-long workshop. The workshop will host a dynamic
line-up of presenters including Vaughan Woodruff, owner of InSource Renewables
in Pittsfield; Chip Reier, owner of Pine Tree Energy; USDA Rural Development
Business Programs Specialist Cheryl Pelletier; USDA Farm Service Agency Farm
Loan Officer Trainee Janice Ramirez; and USDA Natural Resources Conservation
Service Assistant State Conservationist for Special Projects Christopher Jones.


The presenters will all discuss several energy programs and options available
for landowners, homeowners, farmers and small businesses needing technical
and/or funding assistance to upgrade their energy systems to be more efficient.


Woodruff is the chair of the Committee on Renewable Energy, the trade
association for Maine-based solar contractors. He writes for various national
solar trade publications, trains professionals across the country and serves on
technical committees for a number of key organizations in the U.S. solar
industry. Insource Renewables provides the design, installation and service of
solar electric, solar heating and heat pump technologies for residential and
commercial customers in Maine.


As Woodruff notes, "People explore renewable energy projects for a variety of
reasons. Many look to make a strong economic investment in their home or
business. Others place a high value on the benefits of renewable energy, such as
stabilized fuel costs, self-sufficiency, the support of local business, and
clean energy production."


Reier is a vendor for Efficiency Maine. Efficiency Maine is the independent
administrator for energy efficiency programs in Maine, and helps homeowners
lower their costs and environmental impacts of energy by promoting
cost-effective energy efficiency and alternative energy systems. Reier will
discuss Efficiency Maine's rebate and loan programs, which can provide funding
for in-home energy assessments and audits, and for implementing energy
conservation strategies through Pine Tree Energy, such as spray foam, cellulose,
air source and ground source heat pumps.


Pelletier will highlight funding opportunities for rural energy efficiency and
renewable energy such as USDA Rural Development Rural Energy for America Program
(REAP) grants and loans. Pelletier is also the interim business program director
for USDA, Rural Development. She works specifically with the Business and
Industry Guaranteed Loan Program as well as the REAP grants and guaranteed
loans. Pelletier has worked for USDA Rural Development since 1994 in several
capacities, and is currently working out of the Presque Isle covering the entire
state. USDA Rural Development programs are designed to meet the needs of rural
landowners and businesses who have a need to improve their energy efficiency and
renewable energy systems, as well as need financial assistance to make these
improvements.


Ramirez will discuss the types of loan programs available for farmers in rural
areas to start, improve, expand and strengthen family farming operations,
including energy systems. USDA Farm Service Agency provides viable farming
opportunities for all farmers, including beginning farmers, racial and ethnic
minority farmers and women producers.


Jones, will detail the NRCS On-Farm Energy Initiative available for landowners
through NRCS' Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP). Jones has a
Master of Science degree from the University of Maine, and one of his duties is
the Energy Contact for Maine NRCS. This initiative enables eligible producers to
identify ways to conserve energy on the farm through an Agricultural Energy
Management Plan (AgEMP), also known as an on-farm energy audit; and by providing
financial and technical assistance to help producers implement various measures
and practices recommended in an on-farm energy audit. With a completed AgEMP or
other qualifying energy audit, eligible producers can apply for EQIP assistance
for the purchase and installation of improvements for lighting, cooling,
ventilation, greenhouse improvements, maple syrup evaporators, irrigation pumps,
grain dryers, heating and refrigeration units, building insulation and more.


There will be informational brochures and handouts provided by the presenters,
the PCSWCD and the University of Maine Cooperative Extension Piscataquis County
Office to supplement the workshop. A registration fee will include all workshop
presentations, handouts and lunch. For more information and to register, please
contact PCSWCD's Technical Coordinator Madeline Lubas at
madeline.lubas@me.nacdnet.net or Executive Director Joanna Tarrazi at
joanna.tarrazi@me.nacdnet.net or 564-2321, extension 3.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Bangor Daily News


                              781 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)

LENGTH: 275  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Jun 28, 2013
Contact

Contact the nearest Rural Development Office with questions.
Purpose

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under this program includes the
following:

Rural business incubators
    Technology-based economic development
    Feasibility studies and business plans
    Long-term business strategic planning
    Leadership and entrepreneur training

Applications that will support regional economic development are encouraged.
Eligibility

Grants may be made to public bodies, nonprofit corporations, institutions of
higher education, Indian tribes on Federal or State reservations and other
Federally recognized tribal groups, and cooperatives with members that are
primarily rural residents.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Expected Number of Awards: 35
Estimated Total Program Funding: $2,370,000
Award Ceiling: $50,000
Application
process

Applications may be submitted either in paper format, or electronically through
grants.gov.

Applications submitted in paper format have a deadline of June 28, 2013.
Applications submitted electronically have a deadline of June 24, 2013.

Links to necessary paper application materials can be found on the program
website.

Links to the full announcement and electronic application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development,
Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 7, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)

LENGTH: 275 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Jun 28, 2013
Contact

Contact the nearest Rural Development Office with questions.
Purpose

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under this program includes the
following:

Rural business incubators
    Technology-based economic development
    Feasibility studies and business plans
    Long-term business strategic planning
    Leadership and entrepreneur training

Applications that will support regional economic development are encouraged.
Eligibility

Grants may be made to public bodies, nonprofit corporations, institutions of
higher education, Indian tribes on Federal or State reservations and other
Federally recognized tribal groups, and cooperatives with members that are
primarily rural residents.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Expected Number of Awards: 35
Estimated Total Program Funding: $2,370,000
Award Ceiling: $50,000
Application
process

Applications may be submitted either in paper format, or electronically through
grants.gov.

Applications submitted in paper format have a deadline of June 28, 2013.
Applications submitted electronically have a deadline of June 24, 2013.

Links to necessary paper application materials can be found on the program
website.

Links to the full announcement and electronic application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  Capital funding, Community development, Economic development,
Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           November 23, 1993 Tuesday

BYLINE: Patricia Stockdill

LENGTH: 492 words


MCLEAN COUNTY Ä The McLean County Job Development Commission is about to launch
a study to establish a cooperative-owned cattle processing plant in North Dakota
Ä a plant that could do for beef producers what the new pasta plant in
Carrington is doing for durum. Bill Patrie the North Dakota Association of Rural
Electric Cooperatives will work with commission member Harold Tweeten of
Washburn, the jobs commission and producers to secure funds for a feasibility
study. Under a unique concept called a ""totally vertically integrated cow-calf
system,'' the producer would own the animal from birth until it's a package of
beef on a supermarket shelf.

Initial studies indicate this to be no small venture. In order to meet beef
demand, Tweeten said, potential exists for an international cooperative with
Canadian producers and neighboring states. The influences on the rural economy
and employment opportunities could be very significant, Patrie said. ""It could
have a powerful influence on the region,'' he added. All is not without
reservations, though. Patrie cautioned the jobs development commission and
producers that they will encounter difficult hurdles in an effort to see the
plant become reality. The beef market does not enjoy the same optimistic
environment that bison and pasta cooperatives currently enjoy. The feasibility
study is divided into two parts. Phase I analyzes the competitive environment,
trends, and supply and demand. Patrie said there is a ""no go'' or ""go'' point
in Phase I. If the idea proves unworkable, the study stops. Phase II Ä if
undertaken Ä will determine the plant's actual configuration. The plant, if
built, could cost $5 million to $10 million, Patrie said. Tweeten, who operates
a dairy farm, conceived the beef plant idea as he watched the growth of a bison
processing plant at New Rockford. The next step is to meet with cattle producers
to garner support. A cooperative processing plant has several advantages,
Tweeten said. Agriculture processing cooperatives pay federal taxes only on
dividends. In addition, Tweeten said, there is improved efficiency: less
disease, less handling and less stress Ä which means less weight loss in the
cattle. From a marketing standpoint, producers wouldn't have to worry about
market swings, Tweeten said. One perception the feasibility study will have to
dispel is it's too cold in North Dakota to background and finish cattle, Patrie
said. Studies in South Dakota indicate advantages to backgrounding cattle in
that state, compared to states further south, Patrie said. Grant applications
are due Dec. 31 to the North Dakota Ag Products Utilization Commission. Patrie
said January 1995 is the target date to start selling shares for the cooperative
Ä if all the cards to point to a project ""go'' and a one-of-a kind cattle
processing plant in North Dakota.

CUTLINE Byline: TOM STROMME of the Tribune Washburn farmer Harold Tweeten
conceived the beef plant idea.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 22, 2017 Sunday

Rural energy workshop Feb. 17

LENGTH: 865 words

DATELINE: DOVER-FOXCROFT


- The Piscataquis County Soil and Water Conservation District (PCSWCD) is
hosting a rural energy workshop for landowners, homeowners, farmers and small
businesses in partnership with the University of Maine Cooperative Extension
Piscataquis County Office and Dover-Dexter Area Towns in Transition (DDAT). The
workshop will be held on Friday, Feb. 17, 2017 with a snow date of Feb. 24 and
the session will include lunch for workshop participants.


Energy efficiency, energy audits and information on various energy sources will
all be discussed in this day-long workshop. The workshop will host a dynamic
line-up of presenters including Vaughan Woodruff, owner of InSource Renewables
in Pittsfield; Chip Reier, owner of Pine Tree Energy; USDA Rural Development
Business Programs Specialist Cheryl Pelletier; USDA Farm Service Agency Farm
Loan Officer Trainee Janice Ramirez; and USDA Natural Resources Conservation
Service Assistant State Conservationist for Special Projects Christopher Jones.


The presenters will all discuss several energy programs and options available
for landowners, homeowners, farmers and small businesses needing technical
and/or funding assistance to upgrade their energy systems to be more efficient.


Woodruff is the chair of the Committee on Renewable Energy, the trade
association for Maine-based solar contractors. He writes for various national
solar trade publications, trains professionals across the country and serves on
technical committees for a number of key organizations in the U.S. solar
industry. Insource Renewables provides the design, installation and service of
solar electric, solar heating and heat pump technologies for residential and
commercial customers in Maine.


As Woodruff notes, "People explore renewable energy projects for a variety of
reasons. Many look to make a strong economic investment in their home or
business. Others place a high value on the benefits of renewable energy, such as
stabilized fuel costs, self-sufficiency, the support of local business, and
clean energy production."


Reier is a vendor for Efficiency Maine. Efficiency Maine is the independent
administrator for energy efficiency programs in Maine, and helps homeowners
lower their costs and environmental impacts of energy by promoting
cost-effective energy efficiency and alternative energy systems. Reier will
discuss Efficiency Maine's rebate and loan programs, which can provide funding
for in-home energy assessments and audits, and for implementing energy
conservation strategies through Pine Tree Energy, such as spray foam, cellulose,
air source and ground source heat pumps.


Pelletier will highlight funding opportunities for rural energy efficiency and
renewable energy such as USDA Rural Development Rural Energy for America Program
(REAP) grants and loans. Pelletier is also the interim business program director
for USDA, Rural Development. She works specifically with the Business and
Industry Guaranteed Loan Program as well as the REAP grants and guaranteed
loans. Pelletier has worked for USDA Rural Development since 1994 in several
capacities, and is currently working out of the Presque Isle covering the entire
state. USDA Rural Development programs are designed to meet the needs of rural
landowners and businesses who have a need to improve their energy efficiency and
renewable energy systems, as well as need financial assistance to make these
improvements.


Ramirez will discuss the types of loan programs available for farmers in rural
areas to start, improve, expand and strengthen family farming operations,
including energy systems. USDA Farm Service Agency provides viable farming
opportunities for all farmers, including beginning farmers, racial and ethnic
minority farmers and women producers.


Jones, will detail the NRCS On-Farm Energy Initiative available for landowners
through NRCS' Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP). Jones has a
Master of Science degree from the University of Maine, and one of his duties is
the Energy Contact for Maine NRCS. This initiative enables eligible producers to
identify ways to conserve energy on the farm through an Agricultural Energy
Management Plan (AgEMP), also known as an on-farm energy audit; and by providing
financial and technical assistance to help producers implement various measures
and practices recommended in an on-farm energy audit. With a completed AgEMP or
other qualifying energy audit, eligible producers can apply for EQIP assistance
for the purchase and installation of improvements for lighting, cooling,
ventilation, greenhouse improvements, maple syrup evaporators, irrigation pumps,
grain dryers, heating and refrigeration units, building insulation and more.


There will be informational brochures and handouts provided by the presenters,
the PCSWCD and the University of Maine Cooperative Extension Piscataquis County
Office to supplement the workshop. A registration fee will include all workshop
presentations, handouts and lunch. For more information and to register, please
contact PCSWCD's Technical Coordinator Madeline Lubas at
madeline.lubas@me.nacdnet.net or Executive Director Joanna Tarrazi at
joanna.tarrazi@me.nacdnet.net or 564-2321, extension 3.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Bangor Daily News


                              785 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 15, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)

LENGTH: 231  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Jun 28, 2013
Contact

Contact the nearest Rural Development Office with questions.
Purpose

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under this program includes the
following:

Rural business incubators
    Technology-based economic development
    Feasibility studies and business plans
    Long-term business strategic planning
    Leadership and entrepreneur training

Applications that will support regional economic development are encouraged.
Eligibility

Grants may be made to public bodies, nonprofit corporations, institutions of
higher education, Indian tribes on Federal or State reservations and other
Federally recognized tribal groups, and cooperatives with members that are
primarily rural residents.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Expected Number of Awards: 35
Estimated Total Program Funding: $2,370,000
Award Ceiling: $50,000
Application
process

Applications may be submitted either in paper format, or electronically through
grants.gov.

Applications submitted in paper format have a deadline of June 28, 2013.
Applications submitted electronically have a deadline of June 24, 2013.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Business Opportunity Grant (RBOG)

LENGTH: 231 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Jun 28, 2013
Contact

Contact the nearest Rural Development Office with questions.
Purpose

The primary objective of the program is to improve the economic conditions of
rural areas. Assistance provided to rural areas under this program includes the
following:

Rural business incubators
    Technology-based economic development
    Feasibility studies and business plans
    Long-term business strategic planning
    Leadership and entrepreneur training

Applications that will support regional economic development are encouraged.
Eligibility

Grants may be made to public bodies, nonprofit corporations, institutions of
higher education, Indian tribes on Federal or State reservations and other
Federally recognized tribal groups, and cooperatives with members that are
primarily rural residents.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Expected Number of Awards: 35
Estimated Total Program Funding: $2,370,000
Award Ceiling: $50,000
Application
process

Applications may be submitted either in paper format, or electronically through
grants.gov.

Applications submitted in paper format have a deadline of June 28, 2013.
Applications submitted electronically have a deadline of June 24, 2013.

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Arizona Range News (Wilcox, Arizona)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 2, 2013

AEPCO receives funding for improvements

BYLINE: Arizona Range News staff

LENGTH: 510  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced funding to modernize and improve the
efficiency of rural electric generation and transmission systems. Several of the
loans contain support for smart grid projects.

"USDA and the Obama Administration continue to fund electric projects to improve
system reliability and efficiency for rural businesses and residential
consumers," Vilsack said. "A strong American economy is contingent upon a strong
rural economy. Infrastructure investments like these will promote job growth."

Secretary Vilsack announced in August that USDA had met its goal to finance $250
million in smart grid technologies in fiscal year 2012. Today's $107.5 million
in loan guarantees includes nearly $3 million in smart grid technologies. The
loan guarantees are provided by USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities
Service. USDA also funds energy conservation and renewable energy projects.

Several rural utilities will receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement.

In Arizona, Arizona Electric Power Cooperative, Inc. will receive $34,028,000.
Funds will be used to finance generation system improvements for the Apache
Station. The loan includes $2,052,000 in environmental improvements.

The Arizona Electric Power Cooperative, Inc. is located in Benson, and serves
Cochise, Coconino, Yavapai, Graham, Greenlee, Mohave, Pima Santa Cruz, and Pinal
Counties in Arizona as well as Riverside County in California and Grant and
Hidalgo Counties in New Mexico.

Other rural utilities receiving funding are located in Georgia, Iowa, Kansas,
North Dakota and Wisconsin.

For information on Rural Development projects throughout the country, please
visit the agency's new interactive web map at: http://www.rurdev.usda.g
ov/RDSiiccessStories.htm 1. The map features program funding and success stories
for fiscal years 2009-2011.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values

Obama and Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure programs through a national
network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an active portfolio of
more than $174 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AZR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2013 Arizona Range News


                              788 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Salisbury Journal

                            June 26, 2013 Wednesday

Sponsor for Shrewton play park

BYLINE: Hannah White

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 330 words


A FARMER owned marketing and storage co-operative based in Shrewton has become a
sponsor for the village's new play park.

Wiltshire Grain has pledged £900 a year sponsorship for the upkeep of the park
for the next three years. Shrewton's only play park is being threatened with
closure due to health and safety failings and a campaign was launched in May to
raise enough money to replace the outdated equipment.

Chairman of Wiltshire Grain, Jeremy Bailey, decided to pledge his support after
reading about the launch of the Save Our Swings Shrewton campaign in the
Journal.

He said: "We saw they were having problems meeting the annual running costs and
we thought it was the right thing to do as it is important to them.

"We wanted to put something back into the local community. Our site manager
lives in the village as does one of our employees and we take on students from
the village in the summer."

Members of the co-operative gave a cheque for £900 to Hannah Arnold, fundraiser
and campaign organiser, on Tuesday.

The sponsorship deal also marks the end of a five-year project Wiltshire Grain
has undertaken thanks to a grant from the Rural Development Programme for
England.

The co-operative has increased the amount of storage at the site by 32,000
tonnes and opened a new laboratory and processing centre to monitor, test and
maintain the quality of the grain kept in the store.

The play park has also gained the support of the village's WI members and
children from Shrewton Pre-School, who completed a sponsored walk to the
recreation ground on Tuesday morning. And £1,000 has been donated by Kathleen
Garland, in memory of her son Paul who died in 2011.

Mr Garland played football for Shrewton and Salisbury Boys and an annual
tournament is held in his memory at Shrewton recreation ground.

Mrs Arnold is continuing to fundraise and get quotes for equipment and hopes a
new play park will be up and running next year. To help the campaign, search for
S.O.S Shrewton on facebook.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     December 18, 2001 Tuesday CITY EDITION

BUCA WILL PURCHASE EAST COAST RESTAURANTS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 813 words


Buca Inc. said it will acquire Vinny Testa's, an East Coast chain of nine
Italian restaurants, for $18 million in cash. Vinny Testa's has eight
restaurants in Boston and one in Philadelphia. Buca said it expects the purchase
will increase its 2002 per share earnings. Minneapolis-based Buca, which owns
and operates Buca di Beppo restaurants, said it plans to grow the Vinny Testa's
chain in Boston and New England. Buca said it is funding the acquisition with
debt. The company also confirmed previous fourth-quarter earnings guidance of 14
cents per share.

Antares Pharma moves its corporate HQ

Antares Pharma Inc. has moved its corporate headquarters from Plymouth to Exton,
Pa., a suburb of Philadelphia that the company said is known as a biotechnology
hotspot. Antares Pharma, formerly Medi-Ject Inc., makes devices for needle-less
drug injection. Antares Pharma said some executives will relocate to the Exton
office, and other employees will remain at the company's research facilities in
Plymouth and Basel, Switzerland.

Veneman announces rural funding

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said during an appearance at the
Minnesota Agri-Growth Council annual meeting that her department was awarding
$260 million in rural development loans and grants, including nearly $22.6
million for four projects in Minnesota. They included $10.5 million in loans and
grants to improve seven community water and waste water systems, and $9.9
million in a guaranteed loan to the Minnesota Valley Electric Cooperative for
expanded distribution to new customers.

Harvest States finishes Casa Christina deal

Harvest States Foods, the food-manufacturing unit of CHS Cooperatives of Inver
Grove Heights, said it has completed its acquisition of Casa Christina Mexican
Foods of Newton, N.C. No terms were disclosed. The Casa Christina assets will be
combined with CHS' Sparta Foods and other tortillas, tortilla chips and prepared
Mexican foods units that have sales of about $75 million annually.

Tricord restructures sales organization

Tricord Systems Inc. said it has restructured its sales organization and taken
other unspecified steps to reduce expenses by about $1 million. The
Plymouth-based maker of data storage software said Chief Operating Officer Keith
Thorndyke will take over sales and marketing from Dennis Cindrich, vice
president of sales, who is leaving the company to pursue other opportunities.

Names: Best Buy Advertising, the electronics retailer's in-house advertising
agency, named Mark Messing vice president of advertising strategy/business
development and Julie Owen vice president of business operations and
integration. ... ICM Plastics, Rogers, named Peter Russell vice president of
sales and marketing. Russell most recently had the same position at
Bloomington-based Hitchcock Industries. ... St. Paul Venture Capital said
Everett Cox, a general partner with the firm, will retire Jan. 31. ... Anthony
Desnick has joined Elness Swenson Graham Architects Inc. as a vice president.
... Minneapolis-based American Iron and Steel named Roger Champa president and
chief operating officer of its American Steel division. Champa previously was
vice president of operations at Williams Steel and Hardware.

Briefly: Fridley-based Medtronic Inc. said the Food and Drug Administration has
approved the next generation of its Kappa 900 series cardiac pacemakers. ...
Pemstar Inc., a Rochester-based provider of electronics manufacturing and design
services, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission to raise as much as
$200 million through the sale of securities. ... The Minneapolis Grain Exchange
board has declared Dec. 24 an official Exchange holiday making today the last
trading day for December 2001 contracts.

Insider trades: Best Buy: Julie Engel, vice president, sold 80,000 shares Nov. 8
at $61.02 per share; option related; holds 205,294 shares. Jack Eugster,
director, sold 24,000 shares Nov. 5-23 at $58.80-$67.96 per share; option
related; holds 1,000 shares. Wade Fenn, vice president, sold 50,000 shares Nov.
1-13 at $57.49-$63.98 per share; option related; holds 265,216 shares. Kevin
Freeland, officer, sold 7,500 shares Nov. 16 at $63.91 per share; option
related; holds 3,750 shares. Susan Hoff, vice president, sold 16,000 shares Nov.
21 at $67 per share; holds 203,430 shares. Allen Lenzmeier, officer and
director, sold 79,500 shares Nov. 1-13 at $57.52-$63.91 per share; option
related; holds 829,205 shares. John Walden, divisional officer, sold 11,000
shares Nov. 7 at $60.75 per share; holds 52,000 shares.

Trading of company stock reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission,
according to Bloomberg News; holdings include only common shares owned and do
not include stock warrants or options.

-- Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                February 6, 2017

                      Freeborn-Mower Cooperative Services

                             2501 Main Street East
                                Albert Lea 56007
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Dragonfly Solar and SolarWorld to Deliver 517-kW Solar Farm to Four Midwestern
Utility Cooperatives

   Mar 24, 2014

   Dragonfly Solar, a commercial solar developer based in Lakeville, Minn., and
SolarWorld, the largest U.S. solar manufacturer since 1975, will partner to
deliver a 517-kilowatt solar array to four electric utility cooperatives in the
U.S. Midwest. The project is the nation's first and largest to be developed
under a model of joint ownership among utility cooperatives, exemplifying how
cooperatives can maximize their clean-power investment. The solar array will be
owned and managed by Minnesota-Three, an entity jointly owned by Freeborn-Mower
Cooperative Services of Albert Lea, Minn., People's Energy Cooperative of
Oronoco, Minn., and Tri-County Cooperative of Rushford, Minn. â[#x20ac]" all
utility cooperatives whose member-owners have joined forces to curb energy
costs. Dairyland Power of La Crosse, Wis., the cooperative power wholesaler for
the region, has signed an agreement to purchase the solar array's
renewable-energy output.Utility cooperatives are leading the way in making clean
power an integral part of their energy portfolios, said Mukesh Dulani, U.S.
president of SolarWorld. We're proud to support these uniquely American
enterprises with an American-made solar solution to ensure their customers reap
the benefits of sustainable energy for decades to come. Dairyland Power selected
Dragonfly Solar, a SolarWorld Platinum Installer, from a pool of more than 60
applicants to design, procure and construct the project. The installation will
feature more than 1,800 of SolarWorld's high-performance, American-made solar
panels manufactured at the company's U.S. headquarters in Oregon. Construction
of the solar facility is scheduled to begin this spring in Oronoco, Minn.upon
completion, the array will be interconnected to People's Energy Cooperative's
power delivery system. We are excited to have an opportunity to partner with a
group of utilities that continue to demonstrate their commitment to their
customer base by taking steps to complement their existing energy-delivery
systems with solar, said Steve Peters, president of Dragonfly Solar. We
appreciate their confidence in our company. Going it alone on a project like
this would not have been possible, said Elaine Garry, president and CEO of
People's Energy Cooperative, on behalf of the three utility cooperatives
comprising Minnesota-Three. Electric co-ops have a rich history of working
together, whether in restoring power following a storm or providing additional
programs or services to their memberships. We couldn't be more pleased about
working together to benefit our mutual members by bringing renewable energy to
this area of Minnesota. The project was funded in part by one of the largest
solar photovoltaic grants awarded in 2013 by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Energy for America Program (REAP), which helps small
businesses, farmers and ranchers in rural communities to purchase and install
renewable-energy equipment. Dragonfly Solar prepared the project's successful
REAP application.


USDA Announces Funding To Improve Rural Electric Infrastructure

   Sep 15, 2011

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced that 27 rural electric
cooperative utilities will receive funding for generation and transmission
projects, distribution facilities and smart grid technologies. These loans will
create jobs and finance rural electric utility improvements benefiting more than
28,000 rural customers in 18 states.Tom Vilsack, USDA's secretary, said,
"Improving the electric infrastructure in rural areas creates jobs by ensuring
that businesses have reliable and affordable power supplies. Electric
cooperatives are leaders in rural economic development by helping rural areas
retain existing jobs and attract new ones."Vilsack also noted that USDA Rural
Development is providing more than $35m to finance smart grid technologies
â[#x20ac]" such as advanced metering infrastructure â[#x20ac]" that utilities
use to better manage electric supply and demand. Dallas Tonsager, Rural
Development's under secretary made the announcement on Vilsack's behalf during a
speech in Minneapolis at a regional meeting of the National Rural Electric
Cooperative Association. The $603m in loans are being provided by USDA Rural
Development's Rural Utilities Service (RUS) to help electric utilities upgrade,
expand, maintain and replace rural America's electric infrastructure. RUS
funding will help build or improve nearly 5,000 miles of distribution line and
more than 100 miles of transmission line. USDA Rural Development also funds
energy conservation and renewable energy projects. The following is a list of
rural utilities that were selected to receive USDA funding. Funding is
contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement. Arkansas
Woodruff Electric Cooperative Corporation â[#x20ac]" $31m loan to serve 1,392
customers with 86 miles of new line, improve 137 miles of existing line and make
$249,000 in smart grid investments. North Arkansas Electric Cooperative, Inc.
â[#x20ac]" $32.8m loan to serve 2,361 customers with 251 miles of new line and
improve 166 miles of existing line. Florida Peace River Electric Cooperative,
Inc. â[#x20ac]" $44.5m loan to serve 1,459 customers with 75 miles of new line,
improve 395 miles of existing line and make $546,000 in smart grid investments.
Georgia Oglethorpe Power Corporation â[#x20ac]" $127.7m loan to finance the
acquisition of the existing Murray Units I & II natural gas-fired combine cycle
generation facility. Indiana Johnson County Rural Electric Membership
Corporation â[#x20ac]" $15m loan to serve 2,100 customers with 149 miles of new
line, improve 89 miles of existing line and make $6.8m in smart grid
investments. Iowa Guthrie County Rural Electric Cooperative Association
â[#x20ac]" $6.5m loan to serve 30 customers with two miles of new line, improve
399 miles of existing line and make $20,000 in smart grid investments. Kansas
DS&O Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $14.42m loan to serve 925 customers
with 273 miles of new line, improve 88 miles of existing line and make $165,000
in smart grid investments. Prairie Land Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]"
$36.9m loan to serve 1,548 customers with 156 miles of new line, improve 111
miles of existing line and make $3.4m in smart grid investments. The Caney
Valley Electric Cooperative Association, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $3.6m loan to serve 516
customers with 39 miles of new line and improve 101 miles of existing line.
Minnesota Freeborn-Mower Cooperative Services (serving Minnesota and Iowa)
â[#x20ac]" $3m loan to serve 122 customers with 25 miles of new line, improve 56
miles of existing line and make $157,000 in smart grid investments.
Renville-Sibley Cooperative Power Association â[#x20ac]" $8.6m loan to serve 72
customers with 10 miles of new line, improve 32 miles of existing line and make
$1.1m in smart grid investments. North Star Electric Cooperative, Inc.
â[#x20ac]" $6.1m loan to serve 424 customers with 46 miles of new line, improve
62 miles of existing line and make $30,000 in smart grid investments. Missouri
Central Missouri Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $2.m loan to serve 520
customers with 44 miles of new line and improve 28 miles of existing line. M & A
Electric Power Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $38.1m loan to finance additions and
improvements to the borrower's transmission facilities, to build five miles of
new line, improve 17 miles of existing line and make $1.8m in smart grid
investments. N.W. Electric Power Cooperative, Inc. (serving Missouri, Iowa and
Nebraska) â[#x20ac]" $43.2m loan to finance proposed additions and improvements
to transmission facilities, improve 11 miles of existing line and make $8.7m in
smart grid investments. Montana Vigilante Electric Cooperative, Inc. (serving
Montana and Idaho) â[#x20ac]" $10.3m loan to serve 1,043 customers with 153
miles of new line, improve 33 miles of existing line and make $146,000 in smart
grid investments. North Carolina Haywood Electric Membership Corporation
(serving North Carolina, Georgia and South Carolina) â[#x20ac]" $25m loan to
serve 2,660 customers with 45 miles of new line and improve 28 miles of existing
line. Albermarle Electric Membership Corporation â[#x20ac]" $12m loan to serve
1,509 customers with 107 miles of new line, improve 32 miles of existing line
and make $215,000 in smart grid investments. North Dakota Cass County Electric
Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $22m loan to serve 4,984 customers with 246 miles
of new line, improve 36 miles of existing line and make $4.1m in smart grid
investments. Roughrider Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $15m loan to serve
727 customers with 79 miles of new line, improve 155 miles of existing line and
make $962,000 in smart grid investments. Ohio Mid-Ohio Energy Cooperative, Inc.
â[#x20ac]" $7m loan to serve 200 customers with 26 miles of new line, improve 62
miles of existing line and make $875,000 in smart grid investments.
Guernsey-Muskingum Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $20.1m loan to serve
860 customers with 47 miles of new line, improve 93 miles of existing line and
make $2.1m in smart grid investments. Oklahoma Cookson Hills Electric
Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $12.7m loan to serve 2,004 customers with 82 miles
of new line, improve 76 miles of existing line and make $1.2m in smart grid
investments. South Dakota Charles Mix Electric Association, Inc. â[#x20ac]"
$4.8m loan to serve 160 customers with 17 miles of new line, improve 42 miles of
existing line and make $114,000 in smart grid investments. Central Electric
Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $16.3m loan to serve 324 customers with 96 miles of
new line, improve 120 miles of existing line and make $145,000 in smart grid
investments. Texas Lighthouse Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $14m loan to
serve 984 customers with 232 miles of new line, improve 34 miles of existing
line and make $738,000 in smart grid investments. Lamb County Electric
Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $30.3m loan to serve 1,795 customers with 284 miles
of new line, improve 26 miles of existing line and make $2m in smart grid
investments.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Events
History                                 Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
SWOT Analysis

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017


                              791 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                               November 05, 2016

Rwandan Dairy Farmers Get Rwf52.6 Billion IFAD Support

LENGTH: 389 words


The International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) and the Government
signed an agreement, yesterday, expected to improve the livelihoods of over
100,000 smallholder farmers and generate opportunities for other actors in the
country's dairy sector.

The agreement was signed in Rome by Jacques Kabale Nyangezi, Ambassador and
Permanent Representative of Rwanda to IFAD, and Kanayo F. Nwanze, the President
of IFAD.

The Rwanda Dairy Development project will cover 12 districts and involve an
investment of $65.1 million (about Rwf52.6 billion) which includes a $43.6
million IFAD loan, a $1.1 million IFAD grant, a $4 million grant from Heifer
International and contributions from the Government, the private sector and
project beneficiaries, according to a statement.

Current annual milk production in Rwanda is valued at approximately $162.4
million (about Rwf132 billionn). Over the past decade, the government has made
significant investments in the industry, with the dairy subsector being the
largest and fastest-growing segment of the livestock sector in the country,
accounting for 10.5 per cent of agricultural GDP.

Despite the progress made in developing the dairy sector, there are still
significant challenges such as limited support services (such as artificial
insemination, veterinary services, extension and inputs), inadequate farmers'
knowledge of dairy cattle management, their limited ability to organise and
market milk collectively, low milk productivity, and limited access to finance.

"In Rwanda, the dairy subsector is crucial for rural development, poverty
reduction, and food and nutrition security," said Nwanze. "It offers a pathway
out of poverty for the large number of small dairy producers and service
providers throughout the supply chain."

The new project is expected to improve milk quantity and quality, farmers'
processing capacity through promotion of climate smart technologies and
practices, and support the development of dairy cooperatives to benefit from
market driven production, processing and trading of dairy products improved. It
will also help strengthen an inclusive policy and institutional framework for
the sector.

Since 1981, IFAD has financed 16 rural development programmes and projects in
Rwanda, at a tune of $283.8 million and directly benefiting about 634,300 rural
households.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The News Today (Bangladesh.)

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

Distressed char women successfully adapt with climate change

LENGTH: 595  words


Thousands of distressed women have successfully adapted them with adverse
impacts of climate change in remote char villages after struggling with natural
disasters and abject poverty for decades together, reports BSS. Side by side
adapting with adverse situations in the riverine island chars on the Brahmaputra
basin, they have achieved socioeconomic success to lead better life with their
family members through various income-generating activities. All these became
possible following successful implementation of the comprehensive Chars
Livelihoods Programme (CLP) aiming at improving life standard of the extremely
poor people living in the char areas since 2004.

Under the programme, thousands of the have-nots group landless families have
adapted with adverse situations to achieve self-reliance bidding good-bye to the
century-old seasonal 'monga' during the past nine years. The UKaid through the
Department for International Development and Australian Government through
Australian Agency for International Development have been funding implementation
of the programme.

Under the sponsorship of the Ministry of Local Government, Rural Development and
Cooperatives, CLP is being executed by the Rural Development and Cooperatives
Division with the management through Maxwell Stamp Plc. According to official
sources, the CLP has been working with the extremely poor households living on
the riverine island chars to improve their livelihoods through raising plinths
and providing assets and other assistances. Agriculture and Environment
Coordinator Mamunur Rashid of RDRS Bangladesh, an implementing partner of CLP,
said plinth- raising helps the char people effectively to escape the wrath of
floods during the rainy seasons.

"The CLP is being implemented in collaboration with the GO- NGOs on the chars in
Kurigram, Bogra, Gaibandha, Sirajganj, Jamalpur, Lalmonirhat, Nilphamari,
Rangpur, Pabna and Tangail districts successfully," he said. The sources said
55,000 poorest households have been benefited under CLP phase-I during 2004-2010
and 60,000 households out of 67,000 so far under phase-II (2010- 2016) to
improve livelihoods of 1.9 million extremely poor char people by 2016. Under the
programme, plinths of the beneficiary families have been raised, grants, assets,
training and other assistances provided to improve their livelihoods through
income generation activities to boost the char economy.

Talking to BSS, beneficiary Rahela Begum, of village Purbo Char Gunai on the
Teesta riverbed under Kawnia upazila said she first raised the plinth of her
house under the CLP to become safe from the wraths of floods. Later, she started
cultivating vegetables, fruits and roof gardening, animal husbandry, poultry,
set up compost heaps in her raised homestead and established sanitary latrine to
get rid of water borne diseases. "Rahela has now achieved economic self-
reliance, her two sons go to school and she now understands how to cope with and
reduce adverse impacts of climate change," Head of Programme Coordination of
RDRS Bangladesh Monjusree Saha said. Similarly, CLP beneficiaries Akhtera Banu,
Shyamoli Rani and Julekha, said they have achieved success through sewing
handloom garments, animal husbandry, poultry, dairy, selling labours, homestead
gardening, farming vegetables and agri-activities. Taramon Bibi, Bir Pratik, and
UNO of Chilmari upazila Mamun- Ul-Hassan said the CLP has changed life style of
char people improving their livelihoods side by side building their capacities
to cope with the adverse impacts of climate change.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The News Today
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The News Today (Bangladesh.)

                           January 1, 2014 Wednesday

Distressed char women successfully adapt with climate change

LENGTH: 595  words


Thousands of distressed women have successfully adapted them with adverse
impacts of climate change in remote char villages after struggling with natural
disasters and abject poverty for decades together, reports BSS. Side by side
adapting with adverse situations in the riverine island chars on the Brahmaputra
basin, they have achieved socioeconomic success to lead better life with their
family members through various income-generating activities. All these became
possible following successful implementation of the comprehensive Chars
Livelihoods Programme (CLP) aiming at improving life standard of the extremely
poor people living in the char areas since 2004.

Under the programme, thousands of the have-nots group landless families have
adapted with adverse situations to achieve self-reliance bidding good-bye to the
century-old seasonal 'monga' during the past nine years. The UKaid through the
Department for International Development and Australian Government through
Australian Agency for International Development have been funding implementation
of the programme.

Under the sponsorship of the Ministry of Local Government, Rural Development and
Cooperatives, CLP is being executed by the Rural Development and Cooperatives
Division with the management through Maxwell Stamp Plc. According to official
sources, the CLP has been working with the extremely poor households living on
the riverine island chars to improve their livelihoods through raising plinths
and providing assets and other assistances. Agriculture and Environment
Coordinator Mamunur Rashid of RDRS Bangladesh, an implementing partner of CLP,
said plinth- raising helps the char people effectively to escape the wrath of
floods during the rainy seasons.

"The CLP is being implemented in collaboration with the GO- NGOs on the chars in
Kurigram, Bogra, Gaibandha, Sirajganj, Jamalpur, Lalmonirhat, Nilphamari,
Rangpur, Pabna and Tangail districts successfully," he said. The sources said
55,000 poorest households have been benefited under CLP phase-I during 2004-2010
and 60,000 households out of 67,000 so far under phase-II (2010- 2016) to
improve livelihoods of 1.9 million extremely poor char people by 2016. Under the
programme, plinths of the beneficiary families have been raised, grants, assets,
training and other assistances provided to improve their livelihoods through
income generation activities to boost the char economy.

Talking to BSS, beneficiary Rahela Begum, of village Purbo Char Gunai on the
Teesta riverbed under Kawnia upazila said she first raised the plinth of her
house under the CLP to become safe from the wraths of floods. Later, she started
cultivating vegetables, fruits and roof gardening, animal husbandry, poultry,
set up compost heaps in her raised homestead and established sanitary latrine to
get rid of water borne diseases. "Rahela has now achieved economic self-
reliance, her two sons go to school and she now understands how to cope with and
reduce adverse impacts of climate change," Head of Programme Coordination of
RDRS Bangladesh Monjusree Saha said. Similarly, CLP beneficiaries Akhtera Banu,
Shyamoli Rani and Julekha, said they have achieved success through sewing
handloom garments, animal husbandry, poultry, dairy, selling labours, homestead
gardening, farming vegetables and agri-activities. Taramon Bibi, Bir Pratik, and
UNO of Chilmari upazila Mamun- Ul-Hassan said the CLP has changed life style of
char people improving their livelihoods side by side building their capacities
to cope with the adverse impacts of climate change.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The News Today
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           September 10, 2012 Monday

Verghese Kurien steered India's White Revolution post-independence

BYLINE: Shramana Ganguly

SECTION: POLITICS/NATION

LENGTH: 514 words


AHMEDABAD: Padma Vibhushan recipient Dr. Verghese Kurien who steered the White
Revolution in post-independent India passed away in wee hours of Sunday. He was
91. He is survived by his wife, Molly Kurien, daughter Nirmala and grandson
Siddharth.

Dr. Kurien was the architect of India's White Revolution, enabling India emerge
as the largest milk producer in the world. Founder chairman of the National
Dairy Development Board (NDDB) (1965-98), the Gujarat Co-operative Milk
Marketing Federation Ltd.

(GCMMF) (1973-2006) and the Institute of Rural Management (IRMA) (1979-2006), he
ushered in co-operative movement in the country. He believed that by placing
technology and professional management in the hands of the farmers, the standard
of living of millions of our poor people can be improved, said GCMMF in a press
statement.

The Operation Flood Programme, of which Milk Producers' Cooperatives were the
central plank, emerged as India's largest rural employment programme and
unleashed the larger dimension of dairy development.

Born on November 26, 1921 at Kozhikode, Kerala, he graduated in Science from the
Loyola College in 1940 and obtained his degree in Engineering from the Guindy
College of Engineering in Chennai.

After a stint at TISCO, Jamshedpur, he obtained the Government of India's
scholarship to study Dairy Engineering. After some specialised training at the
Imperial Institute of Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Bangalore, he left for the
US where he completed his Masters degree in Mechanical Engineering with Dairy
Engineering as a minor subject from the Michigan State University in 1948.

Upon his return to India, he was assigned to a Government Creamery located at
Anand in Gujarat to serve his bond period. He arrived in Anand on Friday, the
13th May 1949. His only intention at that time was to obtain a release from his
bond and get out of Anand as quickly as possible. At the end of 1949, when he
got release orders from his job from the Government Creamery, he was all set and
eager to pack off to Mumbai.

Tribhuvandas Patel, the then Chairman of Kaira District Co-operative Milk
Producers Union, known as Amul, reuqested him to stay put for some more time and
help him put his co-operative society's dairy equipment together. His forced
tenure at Anand changed the destiny of Indian dairy industry. India's milk
procurement has increased from 20 million metric tonnes per year in the 60s to
122 million metric tonnes in 2011.

Dr Kurien is the recipient of the World Food Price, the Ramon Magsaysay award
for Community Leadership, the Carnegie - Wateler World Peace Prize and the
International Person of the Year award from the U.S.

Dr Kurien guided the dairy co operative movement in India and brought social and
economic development in the lives of milk producers of the country. Dr Kurien
was always an advisor and mentor of milk producers. Due to the efforts of the
farmers of Kaira district and Gujarat, Amul brand has emerged as the undisputed
force to reckon with, Vipul Chaudhary, chairman, GCMMF said in a statement.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 998 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                 March 27, 2017

            National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation

                             20701 Cooperative Way
                               Dulles,  VA 20166
                                 United States


MSA: 47900 - Washington-Arlington-Alexandria, DC-VA-MD-WV

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (703) 467-1800, (800) 424-2954 (Toll Free)
URL: www.nrucfc.org
E-MAIL: corporate@nrucfc.coop

FACEBOOK: www.facebook.com/cooperativefinancecorporation
LINKEDIN: www.linkedin.com/company/nrucfc
TWITTER: www.twitter.com/coopfinancecorp
YOUTUBE: www.youtube.com/CoopFinanceCorp

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DCA NUMBER: 230655

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: 1969
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: District of Columbia
LEGAL STATUS: PRIVATE
EMPLOYEES:
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:  243

IMPORT:  NO
EXPORT:  NO

PENSION TYPES:  401(k); Defined Benefit; Defined Contribution; Non-Contributory

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

CORPORATE HIERARCHY

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER             TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Steven L. Lilly, Sr Executive           Senior Vice         EMAIL:
VP-Special Asset                        President           Steven.Lilly@nrucfc
Mgmt                                                        .coop
Gregory J.          Executive           Senior Vice         EMAIL:
Starheim, Sr VP-Bus                     President           Gregory.Starheim@nr
& Indus Dev                             Business            ucfc.coop
                                        Development
Steven M. Kettler,  Executive           Senior Vice         EMAIL:
Sr VP-Strategic                         President           Steven.Kettler@nruc
Svcs                                    Business            fc.coop
                                        Development
                                        Strategy
Joel Allen, Sr      Executive           Senior Vice         EMAIL:
VP-Member Svcs                          President           Joel.Allen@nrucfc.c
                                                            oop
Brad Captain, Sr    Executive           Senior Vice         EMAIL:
VP-Corp Rels                            President           Brad.Captain@nrucfc
                                                            .coop
John M. Borak, Sr   Executive           Senior Vice         EMAIL:
VP-Credit Risk Mgmt                     President           John.Borak@nrucfc.c
                                                            oop
John T. Evans, COO  Executive           Executive Vice      EMAIL:
& Exec VP                               President           John.Evans@nrucfc.c
                                        Chief Operating     oop
                                        Officer             LINKEDIN:
                                                            www.linkedin.com/pu
                                                            b/john-evans/13/3/a
                                                            b5
Roberta B. Aronson, Executive           Senior Vice         EMAIL:
Gen Counsel & Sr VP                     President           Roberta.Aronson@nru
                                        General/Corporate   cfc.coop
                                        Counsel
J. Andrew Don, CFO  Executive           Senior Vice
& Sr VP                                 President
                                        Chief Financial
                                        Officer
Robin C. Reed, Sr   Executive           Administration/Oper EMAIL:
VP-Loan Ops                             ations              Robin.Reed@nrucfc.c
                                        Senior Vice         oop
                                        President
Sheldon C.          Executive           Chief Executive     EMAIL:
Petersen, CEO                           Officer             Sheldon.Petersen@nr
                                                            ucfc.coop
Robert E. Geier, VP Executive           Vice President      EMAIL:
& Controller                            Controller          Robert.Geier@nrucfc
                                                            .coop
Graceann D.         Executive           Senior Vice         EMAIL:
Clendenen, Sr                           President           Graceann.Clendenen@
VP-Corp Svcs                                                nrucfc.coop


DIRECTOR            TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Jimmy LaFoy         Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Jimmy.LaFoy@nrucfc.
                                                            coop
Thomas Hayes        Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Thomas.Hayes@nrucfc
                                                            .coop
Doyle Hanson        Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Doyle.Hanson@nrucfc
                                                            .coop
R. Clawson          Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL: Grant.
                                                            Clawson@nrucfc.coop
Kirk Thompson       Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Kirk.Thompson@nrucf
                                                            c.coop
Mike Campbell, Pres Supervisory Board   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                    of Directors        President           Mike.Campbell@nrucf
                                                            c.coop
Gregory Williams    Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Gregory.Williams@nr
                                                            ucfc.coop
Bradley Schardin    Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Bradley.Schardin@nr
                                                            ucfc.coop
Phillip Carson      Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Phillip.Carson@nruc
                                                            fc.coop
Todd Ware           Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Todd.Ware@nrucfc.co
                                                            op
Mel Coleman         Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Mel.Coleman@nrucfc.
                                                            coop
Robert Hill         Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Robert.Hill@nrucfc.
                                                            coop
Harry Park, Sec &   Supervisory Board   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
Treas               of Directors        Corporate Secretary Harry.Park@nrucfc.c
                                        Treasurer           oop
Stephen Vail        Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Stephen.Vail@nrucfc
                                                            .coop
Kent Farmer         Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Kent.Farmer@nrucfc.
                                                            coop
Dean Tesch          Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Dean.Tesch@nrucfc.c
                                                            oop
Robert Brockman     Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Robert.Brockman@nru
                                                            cfc.coop
Roman Gillen        Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Roman.Gillen@nrucfc
                                                            .coop
Patrick Bridges     Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Patrick.Bridges@nru
                                                            cfc.coop
Curtin Rakestraw II Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Curtin.Rakestraw@nr
                                                            ucfc.coop
Alan Wattles        Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Alan.Wattles@nrucfc
                                                            .coop
Mark Snowden        Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Mark.Snowden@nrucfc
                                                            .coop

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Founded in 1969 and headquartered in Dulles, VA, National Rural Utilities
Cooperative Finance Corporation is a non-profit cooperative providing financing
for electric and telephone utilities. It provides financing and related services
to RUS borrowers and non-borrowers alike, credit enhancements, including letters
of credit and guarantees of debt obligations, for members. The company is owned
by its members, of which there are over 1,500 in 49 states, the District of
Columbia, and two US territories; and it supplements government loans available
for utility projects in mostly rural areas. The company had FYE 05/31/2016
interest income of $1 billion and has 243 employees according to its latest 10K
government filing.

INDUSTRY TYPE: Financial Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
525990 - Other Financial Vehicles
SECONDARY NAICS:
522390 - Other Activities Related to Credit Intermediation
561499 - All Other Business Support Services
541611 - Administrative Management and General Management Consulting Services
522310 - Mortgage and Nonmortgage Loan Brokers
PRIMARY SIC:
6726 - Unit Investment Trusts, Face-Amount Certificate Offices, Closed-End
Management Investment Offices
SECONDARY SIC:
6163 - Loan Brokers
8742 - Management Consulting Services
7389 - Business Services, NEC
6099 - Functions Related to Depository Banking, NEC
COMPETITORS:

     ·    ACB American Inc.
     ·    CoBank


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: May 31, 2016

SALES:  USD 1,012,636,000
NET INCOME:  USD -51,516,000
ASSET:   USD 24,270,200,000
LIABILITIES:  USD 23,452,822,000
NETWORTH:  USD 817,378,000
REVENUE TYPE:  Interest Income

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: KPMG LLP, McLean, VA, 22101

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017


                              796 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               February 22, 1985

Finance for Small Businesses: Untangling the regional lifelines / Regional aid

BYLINE: By CLIVE WOODCOCK

LENGTH: 868 words


The Government is planning to cut back severely the amount of money spent on
regional aid, aiming to save some pounds 300 million out of a total budget of
pounds 600 million. It plans to concentrate its aid much more selectively than
in the past.

Regional policy is now viewed in a social rather than an economic light, with
such assistance as remains being largely aimed at helping areas with severe
unemployment problems rather than contributing to recovery in areas suffering
from structural change.


The old three-tier system of intermediate, development, and special development
areas has been replaced by a two-tier system of intermediate and development
areas. Grants for replacement of plant and machinery have been abolished, partly
as a result of pressure from the EEC, and there has been a reduction in the rate
of automatic grants.

The service sector now gets a much better deal, and smaller firms have been
excepted from the lower grant-per-job ceiling of pounds 10,000. The number of
people working in assisted areas has actually grown and now covers about 35 per
cent of the working population compared with just over a quarter previously.

This, however, is mainly a reflection of the fact that the West Midlands now has
intermediate area status.

Full details of what is available in particular areas can be obtained from
regional offices of the Department of Trade and Industry, which is responsible
for regional aid.

Further help with information and possibly in processing applications can be
obtained through the network of about 200 enterprise agencies which have been
set up around the country. A directory of enterprise agencies is published by
Business in the Community, 227a City Road, London EC1V 1JU (01)-253 3716.

Another course of information should be the DTI's Small Firms Service, which can
be contacted by dialling 100 and asking for Freephone Enterprise. One aspect on
which they could enlarge would be the Business Improvement Scheme under which
aid is available through grants for consultancy, for example, to firms in areas
affected by the decline of the textiles, shipbuilding industries.

Although they are not part of the Government's regional policy activities, local
authorities are taking an increasingly active role in financing new and existing
small firms and co-operatives, ranging from large operations like the Greater
London Enterprise Board to small loans and interest relief grants from small
councils.

In the rural areas of England, the Council for Small Industries in Rural Areas,
the main agency of the Development Commission, has more than 60 years
experience.

In addition to counselling and technical advice, CoSIRA does have funds of its
own to finance some projects but generally it prefers to help a business obtain
its funds from other sources. One of the ways in which it does this is through
agreements with clearing banks.

In certain areas grants are also available for converting redundant buildings in
country areas to work places, a scheme which has been very popular.

Details of CoSIRA's assistance can be obtained from its regional offices or the
head office at 141 Castle Street, Salisbury, Wiltshire SP1 3TP.

The Crafts Council can also provide grants and loans to artists and craftsmen
for various purposes, such as enlarging a workshop or buying additional
equipment. This aid is available in both rural and urban areas. Information can
be obtained from the Crafts Council, 12 Waterloo Place, London SE1Y 4AU.

Agencies which provide aid in rural areas are also active in Scotland and Wales.
In Scotland the Highlands and Islands Development Board provides aid including
loans, interest relief grants, participation in share and stock-holding, removal
grants, and grants for building and other purposes.

Full details can be obtained from the HIDB at Bridge House, Bank Street,
Inverness IV1 1QR.

Rural Wales is served by Mid-Wales Development which can arrange a number of
financial packages and other assistance to create jobs in manufacturing and
certain service industries.

CoSIRA, HIDB, and Mid-Wales Development all provide advance factories as well as
grants for converting redundant buildings and a full range of advisory services.
Mid-Wales Development can be contacted at Ladywell House, Newtown, Powys SY16
1JB.

Scotland and Wales also have their own full scale development agencies with a
wide brief to promote economic development in their respective spheres of
influence.

The SDA and WDA both have Small Business Divisions to channel aid to smaller
firms, which can be in the form of loans, grants, or even equity participation.

The SDA's Small Business Division is located at 102 Telford Road, Edinburgh EH4
2NP, and the WDA's Small Business Unit at Treforest Industrial Estate,
Pontypridd, Mid-Glamorgan CF37 5UT.

In Northern Ireland the Local Enterprise Development Unit is responsible for
help for small firms, dealing with companies employing up to 50 people. Grants
and loans are provided, geared to the needs of individual projects as well as
premises and business advice.

LEDU is located at Lamont House, Purdy's Lane, Belfast BT8 4TB.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              797 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                          September 16, 2010 Thursday

Business Briefs

SECTION: BUSINESS; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 409 words


Tourism grants

Eight local governments or organizations will receive grant funding to promote
tourism.

The New Mexico Tourism Department's annual cooperative marketing program has
awarded the Billy the Kid Scenic Byways entity, the Carrizozo Chamber of
Commerce, the City of Ruidoso Downs' Hubbard Museum of the American West, the
Cloudcroft Chamber of Commerce, the Ruidoso Valley Chamber of Commerce, and the
Village of Ruidoso.

The grant amounts reflect an overall program budget reduction of 25 percent,
which, for many returning applicants, equated to a decreased award over the last
fiscal year.

"While the funding available for awards through our cooperative marketing
program is considerably less than in recent years, due to budget restrictions
throughout state government, we consider this program very important and quite
effective," said Michael Cerletti, New Mexico's tourism secretary.

"In fact, it is because of these tough economic times that we continue to do all
we can to support local efforts to increase tourism to all areas of the state."

Broadband award

A New Mexico telecommunications company that provides the Ruidoso area with
Internet service has been awarded nearly $2.3 million dollars through the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act to extend its broadband network.

Approximately 10,000 Windstream Communications residential customers, about 50
businesses and two community institutions in the company's New Mexico
territories are expected to benefit. The expanded network will provide service
to additional homes and businesses in the Ruidoso area and eight other
communities in the state.

The award, matched by $757,950 in private contributions, will fund the projects
to use industry standard protocols that will offer broadband service at speeds
of up to 12 Mbps.

"As we continue to invest in New Mexico, it is critical to spur jobs and
opportunities not just in the big cities, but in rural communities," said U.S.
Representative Harry Teague (D-Hobbs). "Expanding broadband to rural communities
brings essential services to communities where reliable Internet access is still
a luxury and creates a platform for economic growth and future investment. This
recovery act funding will create jobs now - through the construction process -
and well in to the future by providing local businesses the tools and resources
to compete on larger scales and expand their operations."

Windstream estimated the project would create 29 jobs.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Rural Development: FmHAand Census References

LENGTH: 2775  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of The Treasury has issued the following news release:

Rural Development (RD) is amending its regulations by updating references to the
Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) and clarifying and updating references to the
census data. These actions will provide consistency in terminology between
program regulations. In addition, clarifying and updating references to census
data is needed to account for changes to the decennial Census, which, starting
with the 2010 decennial Census is no longer reporting income and unemployment
data. Additional revisions are being implemented to show the regulations that do
not apply to the Farm Service Agency (FSA) and to remove outdated or unnecessary
language.
Dates

This rule will become effective April 27, 2015 without further action unless the
Agency receives significant written adverse comments or written notices of
intent to submit adverse comments on or before March 26, 2015. If the Agency
receives significant adverse comments or notices, the Agency will publish a
timely notice in theFederal Registerwithdrawing those provisions on which
adverse comment were received.
Addresses

You may submit adverse comments or notice of intent to submit adverse comments
to this rule by any of the following methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0742.

    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 300
7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.

All written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.
For Further Information Contact

Kenneth Meardon, Policy Advisor, Rural Business-Cooperative Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, STOP 3201, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,
DC 20250-3225; email: ken.meardon@wdc.usda.gov; telephone (202) 260-8296.
Supplementary Information
Classification

This rule has been determined to be not significant for purposes of Executive
Order 12866 and has not been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance

RD's programs affected by this rulemaking are shown in the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance (CFDA) with numbers as indicated:

10.350--Technical Assistance to Cooperatives

10.352--Value-Added Producer Grants (4284)

10.405--Farm Labor Housing Loans and Grants (3560)

10.410--Very Low to Moderate Income Housing Loans (Section 502 Rural Housing
Loans) (3550)

10.415--Rural Rental Housing Loans

10.420--Rural Self-Help Technical Assistance

10.427--Rural Rental Assistance Payments (3560)

10.433--Rural Housing Preservation Grants

10.438--Rural Rental Housing Program--Guaranteed Loans

10.441--Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grants

10.448--Rural Housing Service Multi-Family Housing Rural Housing Voucher
Demonstration Program (3560)

10.759--Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program (SEARCH) (1774)

10.760--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1779, 1780)

10.761--Technical Assistance and Training Grants (1775)

10.762--Solid Waste Management Grants (1775)

10.763--Emergency Community Water Assistance Grants (1778)

10.766--Community Facilities Loans and Grants (3570, 3575)

10.767--Intermediary Relending Program (4274)

10.768--Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program (4279)

10.769--Rural Business Enterprise Grant Program

10.770--Water and Waste Disposal Loans and Grants (Section 306C) (1777)

10.771--Rural Cooperative Development Grants

10.773--Rural Business Opportunity Grant Program

10.781--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities--ARRA (1780)

10.782--Appropriate Technology Transfer for Rural Areas (4284)

10.850--Rural Electrification Loans and Loan Guarantees (1714)

10.851--Rural Telephone Loans and Loan Guarantees (1735)

10.854--Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants (4280)

10.857--State Bulk Fuel Revolving Fund Grants

10.858--RUS Denali Commission Grants and Loans

10.859--Assistance to High Energy Cost--Rural Communities (1709)

10.860--Rural Business Investment Program (4290)

10.861--Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program (1740)

10.862--Water and Waste Disposal Systems for Rural Communities (1776)

10.863--Community Connect Grant Program (1739)

10-864--Grant Program to Estabish a Fund for Financing Water and Wastewater
Projects (1783)

10.865--Biorefinery Assistance (4279)

10.866--Repowering Assistance Program (4288)

10.867--Bioenergy Program for Advanced Biofuels (4288)

10.868--Rural Energy for America Program (4280)

10.870--Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program

10.871--Small Socially-Disadvantaged Producer Grants (4284)

10.886--Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees (1738)

All active CFDA programs can be found at www.cfda.gov under "Department of
Agriculture, RuralDevelopment." Programs not listed in this section or not
listed on the CFDA Web site but are still being serviced by RD will nevertheless
be covered by the requirements of this action.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs

This action is not subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
RD has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided in
section 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all state and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Environmental Impact Statement

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." RD has determined that this action does not constitute
a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the human
environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA)
of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Unfunded Mandates Reform Act

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of sections 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of
1995.
Regulatory Flexibility Act

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), RD
certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities because the action will not affect a
significant number of small entities as defined by the Regulatory Flexibility
Act (5 U.S.C. 501). RBS made this determination based on the fact that this
action only impacts internal Agency procedures for determining how much of
available program funds are allocated to each state. Small entities will not be
impacted to a greater extent than large entities.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
states, on the relationship between the national government and the states, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
state and local governments. Therefore, consultation with states is not
required.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments

This executive order imposes requirements on RD in the development of regulatory
policies that have Tribal implications or preempt tribal laws. RD has determined
that the rule does not, to our knowledge, have a substantial direct effect on
one or more Indian Tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the distribution of
powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and Indian Tribes.
Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive Order 13175. If
a Tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD is not aware and
would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's Native American
Coordinator at (202) 690-1681 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act

There are no reporting and recordkeeping requirements associated with this rule.

E-Government Act Compliance

RD is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to promote the use of
the Internet and other information technologies, to provide increased
opportunities for citizens to access Government information and services
electronically.
I. Background and Discussion

RD is amending numerous RD regulations in two broad areas--references to the
Farmners Home Administration and references to Bureau of Census data. For those
RD regulations affected by these two areas, RD is also making several additional
changes by updating the text with regard to applicability of the regulations to
the FSA; removing or updating outdated text, as applicable; and removing
unnecessary text.
II. Discussion of Changes
A. Farmers Home Administration (FmHA)

Many RD regulations still contain references to the Farmers Home Administration,
or FmHA, which was the predecessor agency to both RD and FSA.

FmHA references most frequently encountered in RD regulations are in reference
to forms, instructions, and addresses. RD is either removing references that are
no longer necessary or updating the FmHA references to reflect the appropriate
entity, as applicable. New references will be to RD, Agency, to the specific RD
agency (Rural Business-Cooperative Service, Rural Housing Service, Rural
Utilities Service), to the "government," or to the United States, depending on
the context of the regulation. Where necessary in individual RD regulations,
definitions have been changed or added to reflect the new reference(s).
B. Census References

Many RD regulations refer to census data as the source to be used for various
popluation-, income-, and unemployment-related data. RD is amending those
portions of its regulations that reference U.S. Bureau of Census (Census Bureau)
and its data primarily due to changes in the data being reported by the Census
Bureau in the decennial Census.

Other changes are being implemented to further consistency among RD programs in
referencing sources to be used for population-related data requirements and
provisions and to provide clarification of how provisions are implemented.
Finally, RD is removing outdated or unnecessary text.

The following paragraphs discuss these changes.

1. Census Bureau data. RD allocates the funding for a number of its programs
using formulas that rely on data supplied by the Census Bureau, frequently as
found in the decennial Census. Most RD regulations refer to this as "using the
latest census data available" or similar language.

Starting with the 2010 census, however, the Census Bureau no longer reports
income data in the decennial Census. Thus, RD needs to identify an alternative
source for income-related data.

After examining several alternative data sources, RD determined that income data
published by the Census Bureau in the American CommunitySurvey (ACS), as found
in the 5-year survey component of the ACS, provides the best source of data for
estimates of state-level income and poverty data, even though such are no longer
being published in the decennial Census. RD is also aware that the data
contained in the ACS may not meet the needs of a specific program and that the
ACS may at some point in the future be replaced or discontinued. For these
reasons, RD is using "5-year income data from the American Community Survey
(ACS) or, if needed, other Census Bureau data" to indicate the source of the
data to be used.

In some instances, RD regulations refer to using other data sources for
income-related data if the ACS or Census Bureau data are outdated. RD is
retaining that concept where it currently exists, but modifying the language to
address the revision noted in the preceding paragraph.

2. Consistency and clarification. As described below, RD is making several
changes to create consistency between the RD programs.

a. Whenever a regulation is directing the use of the decennial Census as the
data source, RD is using "the most recent decennial Census of the United States
(decennial Census)" consistently throughout the RD regulations. This change
brings consistency among the three RD agencies and their regulations.

b. RD regulations apply not only to what most people understand as the 50 states
of the United States, but also to the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, Guam,
American Samoa, the Marshall Islands, etc. The decennial Census does not report
population for most of these territories. Some, but not all, of the RD
regulations clearly identify how population data are to be obtained for these
other areas. To make this consistent, RD is revising text to make clear in all
its regulations the data sources to be used. Specifically, if the decennial
Census does not provide the applicable population information, then RD will
determine the applicable population data based on available population data.
C. FSA Related Changes

When they were operating as the Farmers Home Adminstration, RD and FSA shared
many regulations. With RD and FSA now separate entities, many of the regulations
in 7 CFR no longer apply to FSA. Some of these regulations have already been
identified as no longer being applicable to FSA. There are a few regulations,
however, that still need to be identified as no being applicable to FSA and RD
is adding text to that effect. The regulations are: 7 CFR 1900 subpart A, 7 CFR
1902 subpart A, and 7 CFR 1910 subpart B.
D. Outdated and/or Unnecessary Text in Those Parts and Subparts That Contain
Either Reference to Census Bureau or FmHA

Once RD identified those CFR parts that need updating with regard to references
to FmHA and the Census Bureau, RD also identified a number of other outdated or
unnecessary material, and thus is revising such material. In brief, these
changes:

Remove reference to Rand McNally and Company as an alternative source of
population data (7 CFR 1735.2, 7 CFR 1737.2);
    Remove references to a Federal Communications Commission Web site and to a
Census Tiger Map (7 CFR 1740.8(b)(1)(i) and (c)(1);
    Remove a series of Agency forms from 7 CFR 1980, Subpart E and their
conforming references. Specifically, RD will no longer publish in the CFR RD
forms identified as: (1) Appendix A, (2) Appendix B, (3) Appendix F, (4)
Exhibits A through C to Appendix I to Subpart E of Part 1980, and (5) Exhibits A
through C to Appendix K to Subpart E of Part 1980. The applicable forms will
continue to be available in RD offices and through RD's Web site;
    Remove reference to the year 2000 as it currently modifies "Census block" in
7 CFR 1709(b);
    Remove the first paragraph in the definition of Rural and rural area in 7
CFR 3575.1. This paragraph references Fiscal Year 1999 and is thus obsolete; and

    Update the reference to the Legislative Affairs and Public Information Staff
(LAPIS) with the Legislative and Public Affairs Staff (LAPAS) (7 CFR parts 1942,
1944, 1948, and 1980).

E. Other

For the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) program, RD is
modifying both the definition of Rural or rural area" (7 CFR 4280.3) and the
scoring criterion associated with the decline in population for the county where
the project is physically located (7 CFR 4280.42(b)(7)).

RD is modifying the definition of "Rural or rural area" for REDLG to make the
definition consistent with the definition for "rural or rural area" found in the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP), whose definition is more
comprehensive and consistent with other definitions with Rural Business-
Cooperative Service programs.

RD is modifying the identified scoring criterion by adding reference to making
the calculation using the an "equivalent time frame" in those instances where
data is used from a data source other than the decennial Census.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Extension Educators Receive National Honors for Excellence and
Diversity

LENGTH: 1255 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Institute of Food and Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Institute of Food and Agriculture
(NIFA), Cooperative Extension System, and the Association of Public and Land-
grant Universities (APLU) today announced that Stephen D. Green, Texas A&M
AgriLife Extension Service, will receive the 2016 Excellence in Extension Award.
Green is cited for developing programs proven to increase knowledge of best
practices in child care, enhanced opportunities for early childhood
professionals and increased involvement by fathers with their children.





 A second honor, the National Extension Diversity Award, will go to the
University of California Agriculture and Natural Resources 4-H Youth Development
Program Intercultural Development Inventory Qualified Administrators. Both
awards will be presented Nov. 13 at the 129th APLU Annual Meeting in Austin,
Texas.



 The Excellence in Extension Award is a prestigious national recognition given
annually to one Cooperative Extension professional for visionary leadership,
excellence in programming and positive impact on their community. The National
Extension Diversity Award recognizes an Extension program for achieving and
sustaining diversity and pluralism.



 "Our nation's Cooperative Extension System (CES) has been around for over 100
years, and is now addressing 21st century challenges," said NIFA Director Sonny
Ramaswamy. "The CES, in partnership with NIFA, is translating research into
action: bringing cutting-edge discoveries from research laboratories to those
who can put knowledge into practice."



 "Cooperative Extension is proud to recognize those in our network who excel at
innovative programming and engagement with diverse audiences to solve
challenging problems. They have integrated credible science with powerful
educational strategies to change lives and the communities where people live,
work and play," said Michelle Rodgers,Director, University of Delaware
Extension, and Chair, Extension Committee on Organization and Policy, the
representative leadership and governing body of Cooperative Extension
nationwide. "The work of these valued professionals provides exemplary examples
of Cooperative Extension's relevance and impact."



 "Cooperative Extension is at the heart of the land-grant university mission,"
APLU Vice President Vice President, Food, Agriculture & Natural Resources Ian
Maw said. "These awardees represent some of the very best extension efforts in
the country. They are changing lives and helping to ensure more people realize
the many benefits that theeExtension programs from our land-grant universities
have to offer."



 Professor and Child Development Specialist Stephen Green's Early Childhood
Educator Online Training Program offers some 200 courses, including many in
Spanish and Vietnamese. Since 2010, course completions across the United States
number more than 850,000. His multi-cultural Fathers Reading Every Day program
is one of the most effective ways to involve fathers in their children's
literacy development. Overall, he has delivered more than 280 educational
presentations, reaching more than 16,900 participants and obtained more than
$5.5 million in grants and contracts to develop and implement extension
programs.



 The team from University of California's Agriculture and Natural Resources 4-H
Youth Development Program Intercultural Development Inventory (IDI®) Qualified
Administrators has systematically enhanced the intercultural competency of 4-H
personnel and others in their state. Together Dorina Espinoza, Russell Hill,
Shannon Horrillo, Fe Moncloa and Keith Nathaniel conduct their extension program
in many counties. Using the IDI in California, the team has led audiences to
acquire skills and characteristics that shift organizational culture. This shift
includes mutual respect, acceptance, teamwork and productivity among diverse
people. The plan of action and resulting positive change provides the potential
to improve hiring and professional development nationwide by replication in
other states.



 In addition to the national recognition, one extension educator from each of
the five Cooperative Extension regions (northeast, north central, south, west
and 1890 universities) will also be recognized for excellence at the APLU annual
meeting.



 The 2016 regional Excellence in Extension awardees are:



 1890s Region Award - Karnita Golson-Garner, Alabama A&M University

 North Central Region Award - Nozella L. Brown, Kansas State University

 Northeast Region Award - Richard W. Taylor, University of Delaware

 Southern Region Award - Stanley Culpepper, University of Georgia

 Western Region Award - Terry Allan Messmer, Utah State University



 NIFA and Cooperative Extension have sponsored the Excellence in Extension and
National Extension Diversity awards since 1991.



 About Cooperative Extension



 Cooperative Extension (Extension) translates science for practical
applications; engages with the public by providing reliable information leading
to positive action; and transforms individuals, families, communities and
businesses in rural and urban areas. Extension operates through the nationwide
land-grant university system and is a partnership among the federal government
(through NIFA) and state and local governments. At the national level, Extension
is coordinated by the Extension Committee on Organization and Policy (ECOP),
which is the representative leadership and governing body of Extension
nationwide and works in partnership with the APLU Commission on Food,
Environment and Natural Resources. See www.landgrantimpacts.org/extension (link
is external) and www.extension.org/ecop (link is external) for more information.




 About the National Institute of Food and Agriculture



 Since 2009, NIFA has invested in and advanced innovative and transformative
initiatives to solve societal challenges and ensure the long-term viability of
agriculture. NIFA's integrated research, education and extension programs
support the best and brightest scientists and extension personnel whose work
results in user-inspired, groundbreaking discoveries that combat childhood
obesity, improve and sustain rural economic growth, address water availability
issues, increase food production, find new sources of energy, mitigate climate
variability and ensure food safety. To learn more about NIFA's impact on
agricultural science, visit www.nifa.usda.gov/impacts, sign up for email updates
(link is external), or follow us on Twitter @usda_NIFA (link is external),
#NIFAimpacts (link is external).



 USDA is an equal opportunity lender, provider and employer.



 About the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities



 APLU is a research, policy and advocacy organization dedicated to strengthening
and advancing the work of public universities in the United States, Canada and
Mexico.  With a membership of 236 public research universities, land-grant
institutions, state university systems and affiliated organizations, APLU's
agenda is built on the three pillars of increasing degree completion and
academic success, advancing scientific research and expanding engagement.
Annually, member campuses enroll 4.8 million undergraduates and 1.3 million
graduate students, award 1.2 million degrees, employ 1.2 million faculty and
staff and conduct $43.1 billion in university-based research.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Extension Educators Receive National Honors for Excellence and
Diversity

LENGTH: 1255 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: National Institute of Food and Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Institute of Food and Agriculture
(NIFA), Cooperative Extension System, and the Association of Public and Land-
grant Universities (APLU) today announced that Stephen D. Green, Texas A&M
AgriLife Extension Service, will receive the 2016 Excellence in Extension Award.
Green is cited for developing programs proven to increase knowledge of best
practices in child care, enhanced opportunities for early childhood
professionals and increased involvement by fathers with their children.





 A second honor, the National Extension Diversity Award, will go to the
University of California Agriculture and Natural Resources 4-H Youth Development
Program Intercultural Development Inventory Qualified Administrators. Both
awards will be presented Nov. 13 at the 129th APLU Annual Meeting in Austin,
Texas.



 The Excellence in Extension Award is a prestigious national recognition given
annually to one Cooperative Extension professional for visionary leadership,
excellence in programming and positive impact on their community. The National
Extension Diversity Award recognizes an Extension program for achieving and
sustaining diversity and pluralism.



 "Our nation's Cooperative Extension System (CES) has been around for over 100
years, and is now addressing 21st century challenges," said NIFA Director Sonny
Ramaswamy. "The CES, in partnership with NIFA, is translating research into
action: bringing cutting-edge discoveries from research laboratories to those
who can put knowledge into practice."



 "Cooperative Extension is proud to recognize those in our network who excel at
innovative programming and engagement with diverse audiences to solve
challenging problems. They have integrated credible science with powerful
educational strategies to change lives and the communities where people live,
work and play," said Michelle Rodgers,Director, University of Delaware
Extension, and Chair, Extension Committee on Organization and Policy, the
representative leadership and governing body of Cooperative Extension
nationwide. "The work of these valued professionals provides exemplary examples
of Cooperative Extension's relevance and impact."



 "Cooperative Extension is at the heart of the land-grant university mission,"
APLU Vice President Vice President, Food, Agriculture & Natural Resources Ian
Maw said. "These awardees represent some of the very best extension efforts in
the country. They are changing lives and helping to ensure more people realize
the many benefits that theeExtension programs from our land-grant universities
have to offer."



 Professor and Child Development Specialist Stephen Green's Early Childhood
Educator Online Training Program offers some 200 courses, including many in
Spanish and Vietnamese. Since 2010, course completions across the United States
number more than 850,000. His multi-cultural Fathers Reading Every Day program
is one of the most effective ways to involve fathers in their children's
literacy development. Overall, he has delivered more than 280 educational
presentations, reaching more than 16,900 participants and obtained more than
$5.5 million in grants and contracts to develop and implement extension
programs.



 The team from University of California's Agriculture and Natural Resources 4-H
Youth Development Program Intercultural Development Inventory (IDI®) Qualified
Administrators has systematically enhanced the intercultural competency of 4-H
personnel and others in their state. Together Dorina Espinoza, Russell Hill,
Shannon Horrillo, Fe Moncloa and Keith Nathaniel conduct their extension program
in many counties. Using the IDI in California, the team has led audiences to
acquire skills and characteristics that shift organizational culture. This shift
includes mutual respect, acceptance, teamwork and productivity among diverse
people. The plan of action and resulting positive change provides the potential
to improve hiring and professional development nationwide by replication in
other states.



 In addition to the national recognition, one extension educator from each of
the five Cooperative Extension regions (northeast, north central, south, west
and 1890 universities) will also be recognized for excellence at the APLU annual
meeting.



 The 2016 regional Excellence in Extension awardees are:



 1890s Region Award - Karnita Golson-Garner, Alabama A&M University

 North Central Region Award - Nozella L. Brown, Kansas State University

 Northeast Region Award - Richard W. Taylor, University of Delaware

 Southern Region Award - Stanley Culpepper, University of Georgia

 Western Region Award - Terry Allan Messmer, Utah State University



 NIFA and Cooperative Extension have sponsored the Excellence in Extension and
National Extension Diversity awards since 1991.



 About Cooperative Extension



 Cooperative Extension (Extension) translates science for practical
applications; engages with the public by providing reliable information leading
to positive action; and transforms individuals, families, communities and
businesses in rural and urban areas. Extension operates through the nationwide
land-grant university system and is a partnership among the federal government
(through NIFA) and state and local governments. At the national level, Extension
is coordinated by the Extension Committee on Organization and Policy (ECOP),
which is the representative leadership and governing body of Extension
nationwide and works in partnership with the APLU Commission on Food,
Environment and Natural Resources. See www.landgrantimpacts.org/extension (link
is external) and www.extension.org/ecop (link is external) for more information.




 About the National Institute of Food and Agriculture



 Since 2009, NIFA has invested in and advanced innovative and transformative
initiatives to solve societal challenges and ensure the long-term viability of
agriculture. NIFA's integrated research, education and extension programs
support the best and brightest scientists and extension personnel whose work
results in user-inspired, groundbreaking discoveries that combat childhood
obesity, improve and sustain rural economic growth, address water availability
issues, increase food production, find new sources of energy, mitigate climate
variability and ensure food safety. To learn more about NIFA's impact on
agricultural science, visit www.nifa.usda.gov/impacts, sign up for email updates
(link is external), or follow us on Twitter @usda_NIFA (link is external),
#NIFAimpacts (link is external).



 USDA is an equal opportunity lender, provider and employer.



 About the Association of Public and Land-grant Universities



 APLU is a research, policy and advocacy organization dedicated to strengthening
and advancing the work of public universities in the United States, Canada and
Mexico.  With a membership of 236 public research universities, land-grant
institutions, state university systems and affiliated organizations, APLU's
agenda is built on the three pillars of increasing degree completion and
academic success, advancing scientific research and expanding engagement.
Annually, member campuses enroll 4.8 million undergraduates and 1.3 million
graduate students, award 1.2 million degrees, employ 1.2 million faculty and
staff and conduct $43.1 billion in university-based research.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

Virginia: Virginia Cooperative Extension to host agritourism conference April
5-6

LENGTH: 544  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University has issued the
following news release:



 Economic development staff and government leaders will gather to explore
innovative strategies for promoting tourism activities in the agricultural
sector on Tuesday and Wednesday, April 5-6, at the Southern Virginia Higher
Education Center in Halifax, Virginia. The event is co-sponsored by Virginia
Cooperative Extension.





 Participants can register online for the conference before Friday, March 25,
for a one day cost of $95 or both days for $135.



 Over 50 speakers will deliver dynamic, relevant, and interactive presentations
on opportunities and challenges for agritourism entrepreneurs. Participants will
explore agritourism topics  including weddings, concerts, social media
promotion, marketing, hospitality, regional networks, zoning and conservation,
financing and legal structures, wineries and farm craft breweries, bed and
breakfast, food and farm safety, farm workforce, and businesses planning.



 On Tuesday afternoon, conference participants will tour one of four farms --
Hudson Heritage Farms partnering with Greenwood Vineyards; Reese's Farm Fresh;
Hunting Creek Vineyards partnering with Bright Meadows Farm Winery; or Shangrila
Guest Ranch.



 "Every session is bursting with engaging speakers and tools for Virginia's
agritourism industry," said Martha Walker, community viability specialist for
Extension. "Our state planning team has secured an outstanding lineup of experts
to share their knowledge. Anyone working with agritourism will want to be in
Halifax County for this conference."



 Denise Hudson with Hudson's Farm Feed and Hudson Heritage Farms is also
offering a pre-conference workshop on Monday, April 4, and a farm-to-table
dinner on Tuesday evening.



 Special guests include:



 o   Maurice Jones, secretary of commerce and trade;



 o   Todd Haymore, secretary of agriculture and forestry;



 o   Danny Marshall, House of Delegates and chairman of the House Committee on
Agriculture, Chesapeake and Natural Resources; and



 o   Mary Rae Carter, dpecial Advisor for rural partnerships.



 The conference is sponsored by Virginia Cooperative Extension, Central
Shenandoah Planning District Commission, Farm Credit, Virginia Association of
Counties, Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, Virginia
FAIRS, Virginia Tourism Corporation, and USDA Rural Development.



 For more information, contact Martha A. Walker by e-mail or via telephone at
434-766-6761.



 Virginia Cooperative Extension brings the resources of Virginia's land-grant
universities, Virginia Tech and Virginia State University, to the people of the
commonwealth. Through a system of on-campus specialists and locally based
educators, it delivers education in the areas of agriculture and natural
resources, family and consumer sciences, community viability, and 4-H youth
development. With a network of faculty at two universities, 107 county and city
offices, 11 agricultural research and Extension centers, and six 4-H educational
centers, Virginia Cooperative Extension provides solutions to the problems
facing Virginians today.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.co

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The New Nation (Bangladesh)

                             March 25, 2013 Monday

USAID-LGED $15m deal for agri dev

LENGTH: 500 words

DATELINE: Dhaka


Dhaka, March 25 -- USAID announced a landmark grant for a four-year $ 15 million
programme by signing an agreement between Local Government Engineering
Department (LGED) and USAID at LGED Bhaban on Sunday. The overall goal of this
agreement, the Bangladesh Agricultural Infrastructure Development Project, is to
upgrade critical infrastructure that will enhance agricultural productivity,
increase farmer incomes and improve access to markets.

Chaired by Md. Wahidur Rahman, Chief Engineer, LGED the agreement signing
ceremony was attended by, among others, State Minister for LGRD and Cooperatives
Advocate Jahangir Kabir Nanak, the Local Government Division Secretary Abu Alam
Md. Shahid Khan, US Ambassador in Bangladesh Dan W. Mozena, and Mission Director
of USAID Mr. Richard Greene.

The State Minister for LGRD and Cooperatives Advocate Jahangir Kabir Nanak, MP
said, US government is Bangladesh's oldest development partner. In fact, US
government helped us after each and every natural disaster when Bangladesh
needed the support. The State Minister thanked the US government for choosing
LGED as the first agency to implement the government to government cooperation.

In his speech as the special guest LGED Secretary Abu Alam Md. Shahid Khan said,
at the request of Economic Relations Department, US government has come forward
to implement the "Bangladesh Agriculture Infrastructure Development Programme"
under its "Agriculture Programme and Activities" initiative. It is a large
initiative of 243 million dollars and a lot of agencies will be involved to
implement it.

Speaking on the occasion as special guest the US Ambassador Mr. Dan W. Mozena
said today we are announcing a four year, $ 15 million programme that is the
first time ever that USAID has made a direct grant to an entity of the
Government of Bangladesh. He termed LGED as a great partner for them and hoped
that LGED will implement the project using their own systems, procedures and
regulations.

The Mission Director of USAID Robert Greene said, the project will give an
important boost to Bangladesh's agricultural development by helping to
rehabilitate farm-to-market roads, by building new marketplaces, by providing
irrigation and improved drainage for small farmers. He said, USAID is becoming
an important partner of Bangladesh.

Speaking as chairperson Md. Wahidur Rahman said, Bangladesh Agriculture
Infrastructure Development Programme under US "Agriculture Programme and
Activities" will be implemented in selected 20 districts of Dhaka, Khulna and
Barisal divisions. Interventions will include development of 140 km of feeder
roads, 40 rural markets, 80 collection centres and 2000 hectares of small
irrigation and drainage scheme at a cost of $ 15 million and will link other
value chained initiatives funded by USAID. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from The New Nation. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The New Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Senator Stabenow Applauds Support For Mid-Michigan Farm, Cooperative

LENGTH: 367 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Debbie Stabenow has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senator Debbie Stabenow, Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Committee on
Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry, today applauded the announcement of support
for Swallowtail Farm and the Michigan Fiber Industry Coalition Cooperative in
Mason. Swallowtail Farm will receive $50,215 and the Michigan Fiber Industry
Coalition Cooperative will get $15,000 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Value-Added Producer Grant program, which helps farmers and growers develop
marketing strategies for agricultural commodities. This grant program was
reauthorized by Senator Stabenow's 2014 Farm Bill and is used to develop new
agricultural products or create additional markets for existing ones.





 "Michigan agriculture supports one out of every four jobs in the state," said
Senator Stabenow. "With these types of new investments, we are helping Michigan
farmers get more value from their products. That type of support can help
increase sales for local farmers and boost our small town economies."



 Swallowtail Farm, which is a family-owned u-pick raspberry and free range egg
farm, will use the funding to increase production and expand sales of fruit,
syrups and jams. Michigan Fiber Industry Coalition Cooperative, which helps
Michigan producers process and market fibers like wool, will use their funding
to increase production and expand the market for yarn made within the U.S.
Today's announcement is part of a $34 million investment from USDA's Office of
Rural Development for 258 businesses across the country.



 Agricultural products like fruits and vegetables - also known as "specialty
crops" - play a major role in Michigan agriculture. With the exception of
California, Michigan leads the nation in crop diversity, growing and producing
more than 200 unique commodities. Senator Stabenow's Farm Bill strengthens the
value-added producer program and programs for specialty crop farmers, supports
programs to stop pest and disease threats, and helps family farmers sell more
goods locally.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 24, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 14, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              810 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 8, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 29, 2013 Monday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2013
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 16, 2015 Monday

Farmers market grant-writing workshop set

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 167  words


STILLWATER - Workshops designed to encourage applications to the Farmers Market
and Local Food Promotion federal grant programs are being offered by the
Oklahoma Cooperative Extension Service, the U.S. Department of Agriculture and
Regional Rural Development Centers.

The workshops are for producers and business owners with retail operations
serving local and regional markets. The workshops are scheduled from 1 p.m. to 5
p.m. March 24 in Muskogee, April 1 in Shawnee, April 7 in Sayre, April 14 in
Norman and April 15 in Enid.

Registration information is available at bit.ly/1CaKUO2.

The goal of the workshops is to put interested businesses and communities in the
best position to successfully apply for grants that support local and regional
food initiatives, said Dave Shideler, Oklahoma State University Cooperative
Extension community development specialist.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 31, 2017

                   Alaska Village Electric Cooperative, Inc.

                               4831 Eagle Street
                                Anchorage 99503
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


State funding allows progression of St. Mary's wind farm plans

   Jul 21, 2015




State funding advances St. Mary's wind farm plan

   Jul 21, 2015




USDA Announces Funding To Help Reduce Energy Costs In Remote, Rural Areas

   Dec 19, 2012

   The The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding to help
reduce energy costs for residents of remote rural areas where the cost of
producing electricity is extremely high. The funds are being provided through
USDA's High Energy Cost Grant program.The program is administered by USDA Rural
Development's Rural Utilities Service. Recipients use funds to improve energy
generation, transmission or distribution facilities that serve communities where
the average residential cost for home energy exceeds 275% of the national
average. Grants are available to businesses, non-profit entities, states, local
governments and federally recognized Indian tribes.For example, two neighboring
communities in rural Alaska will receive funding to complete an eight mile
electrical connection (intertie). The connection will stabilize power costs for
the residents of the predominantly Alaska Native communities of New Stuyahok and
Ekwok. In Kamuela, Hawaii funds will be used to purchase a methane gas-fired
generator to provide electricity to a produce processing facility and commercial
kitchen. The funding announced totals more than $9.3m. Funding for individual
recipients is contingent upon their meeting the conditions of the grant
agreement. Alaska Alaska Village Electric Cooperative, Inc.$2.52m â[#x20ac]"
Funding will enable construction of an electrical connection between New
Stuyahok and Ekwok. The eight-mile electrical intertie will stabilize energy
costs. Denali Commission, $2.5mFunding will support Denali Commission assistance
to the Alaska Village Electric Cooperative as it constructs an electrical
intertie between the communities of Stebbins and Saint Michael. City of Coffman
Cove, $175,000Funding will be used to provide a renewable energy interconnection
to part of the City of Coffman Cove that currently generates its own electricity
because it is not connected to the grid. Hawaii Rivertop Solutions LLC,
$365,000Funding will be used to purchase a 225kW methane gas-fired generator.
The generator will consume methane produced by an existing digester and provide
electricity to a produce processing facility and a commercial kitchen. The
project is designed to support the Native Hawaiian farming community on the
Waimea Hawaii Homestead. Maine Monhegan Plantation Power District,
$420,154Funding will be used to replace the current switchgear, add a smaller,
40kW generator to the power station's fleet, and add a 13kW solar array to the
power station's roof to support a community located 12 miles off the coast of
Maine. Massachusetts Town of Gosnold, $2.15mFunding will be used to construct a
renewable solar energy system for the community of Cuttyhunk Island. The town's
electricity is currently provided solely by oil powered generators and the
proposed project will reduce fuel consumption by an estimated 50%. Republic of
the Marshall Islands Island Economic and Environmental Co., $1mFunding will be
used to aid the rural un-electrified Arno Atollproviding solar powered lighting
and refrigeration to 75 households in five communities. Chuuk State, Federated
States of Micronesia Chuuk Public Utility Company, $189,200Funding will be used
to design, procure, install, and commission an automatic capacitor bank that
will save 870,000kWh/year (or $240,000/year). The utility serves the 14,000
residents of Weno Island.


Windpower Innovations Announces Talks With AVEC

   Sep 15, 2010

   Windpower Innovations, Inc. (Windpower Innovations) has announced talks with
Alaska Village Electric Cooperative, Inc. (AVEC). AVEC is in the process of
upgrading and increasing the operating efficiency of its power plant facilities
and distribution lines, along with expanding its wind power segment, continuing
to move away from costly diesel-generated power.John Myers, president and CEO of
WindPower Innovations, said: We are in the second round of talks with AVEC to
enhance the efficiency of their 250-500kW wind turbines with our system
optimization and grid-tie solutions. Alaska represents a marketplace in the
hundreds of millions and soon to be over a billion dollars for wind and other
alternative energy sources, and the adaptability of WindPower Innovations'
technology allows us to capitalize on opportunities in extreme and remote
environments where others can't. We will be able to provide AVEC with solutions
that help them break through barriers in efficiency and help solve the
challenges faced by Alaska's extremes in climate, geography and
distance.According to AVEC's March 2010 wind power program recap, AVEC's net
wind production in 2009 totaled over 1.9GWh, which displaced nearly 147,000
gallons of diesel fuel that would have been burned for power generation. When
the new additions are fully integrated and operational, AVEC estimates that
another 3.4 million kWh will be produced by wind and will displace an additional
251,852 gallons of fuel used for power generation.


Renewable Energy Projects In Northwest Arctic Region Receives $16.65 Million
Grant Funding From State Legislators

   May 29, 2009

   According to the Arctic Sounder reports, an amount of $16.65 million grants
have been awarded from state legislators to renewable energy projects in
Alaska's Northwest Arctic region. Funds will be utilized to finance wind, solar,
hydro and biomass projects. Most of the funds - $10.9 million - will be
allocated to the Northwest Arctic Borough for the planned installation of wind
power projects in three communities.The Kotzebue Electric Association, Inc. will
receive $4 million to expand its existing wind farm that operates 10 66 kW
turbines.The Alaska Village Electric Cooperative, Inc. is receiving grant of $1
million for a hydropower project and $0.5 grant for a solar power project. The
remaining $0.25 million will be provided to the Northwest Inupiat Housing
Authority for wood biomass studies.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Key Employees
Key Facts                               Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017


                              830 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 16, 1988 Saturday

Saskatchewan Cabinet gets 3 new portfolios

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: Regina SK


Canadian Press
  REGINA
   Premier Grant Devine created three new departments in the Saskatchewan
Government yesterday, including a ministry in charge of selling Crown
corporations and Government services to private business.

Graham Taylor, previously the minister of tourism and small business,
becomes Minister of Public Participation. His department will work to sell
Government-owned businesses to the private sector.

Mr. Taylor also becomes responsible for Saskatchewan Government
Insurance, a Crown corporation already identified as for sale.

Robert Andrew, the former minister of economic development and trade,
takes over the Department of Trade and Investment.

Joan Duncan, who had been minister of consumer and corporate affairs,
takes on the new portfolio of Economic Development and Tourism. She also
becomes minister responsible for the Saskatchewan Economic Development
Corp.

Ms Duncan's new department replaces the department of tourism, small
business and co-operatives. Raymond Meiklejohn, Minister of Science and
Technology, takes on added duties as Minister of Consumer and Commercial
Affairs.

In other changes, Deputy Premier Eric Berntson regains responsibility
for the Saskatchewan Mining Development Corp. from Mr. Andrew. Highways
Minister Grant Hodgins takes over the Indian and Native Affairs
secretariat from Grant Schmidt.

As a result of the shuffle, ministers and their portfolios are:
 Grant Devine: Premier, Minister of Agriculture
 Eric Berntson: Deputy Premier, Provincial Secretary
 Robert Andrew: Justice, Trade and Investment
 Gary Lane: Finance, Telephones
 Graham Taylor: Public Participation
 Joan Duncan: Economic Development and Tourism
 Neal Hardy: Rural Development
 George McLeod: Health
 Patricia Smith: Energy and Mines
 Lorne Hepworth: Education
 Colin Maxwell: Parks, Recreation and Culture
 Grant Hodgins: Highways and Transportation
 Grant Schmidt: Human Resources, Labor and Employment, Social Services
 Jack Klein: Urban Affairs
 Raymond Meiklejohn: Science and Technology, Consumer and Commercial
Affairs
 Herbert Swan: Environment and Public Safety.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 3, 2014 Tuesday

Utah: Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program

LENGTH: 343  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Foundation for Rural Service
Deadlines  Oct 1, 2014
Contact

Elizabeth Crocker
Executive Director
Phone: 703.351.2044
Email: ecrocker@frs.org
Purpose

Foundation for Rural Service Grant Program provides grants for programs in rural
communities served by the National Telecommunications Cooperative Association
(NTCA) members.

Funds may be used for:

Business Development: Technology equipment for agriculture, entrepreneurship
and/or job creation programs.
    Community Development: Parks and recreation, tourism and the arts.
    Education: Education technology (such as computers and smart boards),
curriculum development, extracurricular activities, and distance learning
programs.
    Telecommunications: Broadband adoption projects, technology education, and
training.

Examples of past funded projects include:

Expansion of a high school health sciences program to assist students with
obtaining CNA certificates
    Sustaining an entreprenuership center
    Purchasing computers for a small, rural school

Eligibility

501(c)(3) organizations served by NTCA members are eligible to apply.

The Foundation will give priority to proposals that foster collaboration among
different community agencies, and local government, reflect a comprehensive
approach to community development, promote community participation and
engagement, and make rural communities a better place to live and work.

Preference will also be given to projects that can be fully funded by the grant
or have 75% or more of the project currently funded.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Award Floor: $250
Award Ceiling: $5,000
Application
process

A link to the program guidance is available on the program website.

Applicants must submit grant proposals to:
4121 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1000
Arlington, VA 22203
Tagged as  Arts and culture, Community development, Economic development, Parks
and recreation, Schools, Technology

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 13, 2004 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Piscataquis County homes to get tourism survey

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 303 words

DATELINE: ORONO


More than 1,000 Piscataquis County households will receive a survey the week of
April 12 on the subject of tourism development.

With support from a $45,000 rural business opportunity grant from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, the University of Maine is conducting the survey to
determine public attitudes toward future tourism-related activities.

Questions on the survey will focus on outdoor recreation, local natural resource
and cultural heritage assets, and preferences for future tourism development.

"There is renewed interest in tourism in this county," Roger Merchant,
Cooperative Extension educator in Dover-Foxcroft and a partner in the survey
project, said this week. "The tourism industry in Maine is enormous. It
contributes revenue to a lot of small businesses, bed and breakfasts,
restaurants, shops and other. We want to make sure that future development is
done in a planned and thoughtful way. To do that, we need to know where people
stand," he said.

Merchant has studied how rural communities in the eastern United States are
responding to the loss of manufacturing jobs, including the promotion of tourism
opportunities. In recent years, Piscataquis County has seen an expansion of
conservation lands owned by organizations such as the Maine Bureau of Public
Lands, The Nature Conservancy and the Appalachian Mountain Club.

Participating on the survey project are the Piscataquis County Economic
Development Council and UMaine's Margaret Chase Smith Center for Public Policy,
department of resource economics and policy and Cooperative Extension.

Households receiving the survey were randomly selected from lists of registered
voters. A second survey of business owners is planned for later this spring,
according to Todd Gabe, assistant professor in the department of resource
economics and policy.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Bangor Daily News


                              833 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 22, 1999, Monday

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; BUSINESS DIGEST; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 423 words



Who's news

ERA Suncoast Realty recently named broker/associate Harry Eck Top Listing
Associate for February and Realtor/associate Steve LatiffTop Selling Associate
for February.

+++Ken and Paula Williams, of Barefoot Jewelers in Inverness, recently attended
the 1999 JCK International Jewelry Show and Business Conference at the Orange
County Convention Center in Orlando. While at the show they previewed some of
the latest jewelry designs and services available.

+++Cheryl Nadal recently joined Rob Willis Jr.'s Dream Team at RE/MAX Realty One
in Crystal River. Nadal has more than 18 years' real estate experience.

+++Rod Wagner recently joined the Ocala-based advertising agency Multimedia as
an account executive. Wagner has a master's degree in management from Baker
University.

+++Financial adviser Michael L. Gudis recently attended a continuing
professional education seminar on senior care and long-term care in Ocala. Gudis
represents several long-term care insurance companies, according to the release.

+++Andrew J. Easton recently joined Berryman & Henigar as grants administrator
and planner in the firm's Tallahassee office. Easton has more than 10 years'
experience in urban and rural planning, program development and project
administration.

+++The Crystal River Healthcare and Rehab Center recently announced that Dr.
Charles Li was appointed as the interim medical director at the center. The
center also announced that Margaret R. Tompkins, director of food and
nutritional services, was notified that she passed the Safety and Sanitation
Certification examination and that registered nurse Patrica D. Dourm recently
passed the gerontological nursing examination.

Briefly

Century 21 Real Estate Corp. recently announced that Century 21 Nature Coast is
the recipient of the Quality Service Office award, which recognizes offices
based on customer responses received from its survey.

+++Sumter Electric Cooperative recently won the ACRE and Grassroots Action Award
from the Community Service Network of the National Rural Electric Cooperative
Association during the 57th NRECA annual meeting in Anaheim. Sumter was
nationally recognized for the development of a potent grass-roots organization,
fostering increased dialogue and interaction between members cooperatives and
increasing membership in the Action Committee for Rural Electrification.

If you have announcements to share with our readers, please mail the details to
Lisa Peeples, Citrus Times, 301 W Main Street, Inverness, FL 34450.


LOAD-DATE: March 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (3); Harry Eck; Steve Latiff; Ken and Paula
Williams

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              834 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Manila Times

                           December 15, 2005 Thursday

ADB COMMITS TO DRAFT PLAN FOR SALE OF PHILIPPINE POSTAL BANK

BYLINE: By Darwin G. Amojelar, Reporter

LENGTH: 371 words


THE Asian Development Bank has committed to help the Philippine government sell
its postal bank to improve the rural poor's access to microfinance.

In a statement, the Manila-based lender said as part of the government's
continuing privatization program, the ADB will help prepare a plan and
divestment options for the Philippine Postal Savings Bank (PPSP). "With the
private sector at the helm, the Postal Bank will play a vital role in
encouraging savings and providing greater credit access to microentrepreneurs in
the countryside," the ADB said.

The ADB further said that the program will support efforts to improve the
regulatory environment for savings and credit cooperatives, which can play a key
role in reducing poverty. "The government will issue prudential rules and
regulations-such as minimum qualifications for boards of directors and
management-to ensure safe and sound operations of more than 4,500 savings and
credit cooperatives," the lender said.

"[Furthermore], regional consultations are under way on the draft rules and
regulations that have been prepared by the government and cooperative sector
representatives," it added.

PPSP ranks 15th out of 83 thrift banks in the country in terms of assets. As of
end-October last year, the bank had total resources of P2.89 billion, deposits
of P2.3 billion, a loan portfolio of P1.2 billion and investment portfolio of
P1.08 billion.

The thrift lender posted a profit of P42.74 million from P37.8 million in
December 2003.

To improve the poor's access to financial services, the ADB also approved a loan
amounting to $150 million.

The loan agreement was signed by Finance Secretary Margarito Teves and ADB
President Haruhiko Kuroda.

"Access to microfinance services can help the poor build viable businesses and
pursue livelihood activities," Julie Rogers, an ADB Principal Financial Sector
Specialist said. "As such, access to microfinance services can improve household
incomes, and thus reduce poverty," she added.

The ADB said a $500,000 grant from the Japan Special Fund will help promote
financial literacy, build viable microfinance institutions and establish
consumer protection rules. For its part, the Philippine government will raise a
$215,000 counterpart fund.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government Borrowing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2005 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              835 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - History

                                February 7, 2017

                    New Hampshire Electric Cooperative, Inc.

                          579 Tenney Mountain Highway
                                 Plymouth 03264
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * HISTORY * * * * * * * * * *


2013 - Corporate Awards

   In April, NHEC received the 2013 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year award from
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for its energy efficiency
initiatives.

2013 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In December, the company partnered with a group of its commercial members in
a pilot program for adding nearly seven publicly available Electric Vehicle (EV)
charging stations to the state's network.

2013 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In March, NHEC refurbished its green street substation for enhancing the
reliability of electric service to downtown Plymouth and Plymouth State
University.

2012 - Others

   In April, NHEC was going to implement an overall bill decrease of 8.7% for
those residential members who were using 500 kWh per month

2012 - Others

   NHEC was seeking volunteers for a two-year pilot program that would explore
the impact of new electric rates that vary by time of day

2011 - Contracts/Agreements

   In January, the company contracted with Green Mountain Communications (GMC)
of Pembroke, NH to furnish and deploy the microwave communications
infrastructure that will support the cooperative's advanced metering project.

2011 - New Products/Services

   In December, the company announced that it is the first utility in New
Hampshire to offer only LED outdoor lighting solutions.

2011 - Others

   In May, The New Hampshire Electric Co-op (NHEC) Foundation announced the
creation of the Kathy Anderson Scholarship.

2010 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The cooperative entered in to an agreement with DOE ,where DOE agreed to
contribute 45% of eligible project cost.

2009 - Others

   The company raised $1,000 for the Plymouth Regional Senior Center's Senior
Meals program.

2008 - Others

   The company sucessfully completed all the major repairs for restoring quality
power to its members.

2007 - Corporate Awards

   The company received the National Energy Efficiency Award.

2007 - Others

   NHEC Foundation awarded $46,000 financial grants to 11 non-profit
organizations throughout NHEC service territory.

2006 - Others

   NHEC Foundation awarded $13,500 financial grants to 10 non-profit
organizations throughout NHEC service territory.

2006 - Others

   The company received a $300,000 rural economic development grant.

1939 - Incorporation/Establishment

   New Hampshire Electric Cooperative was founded.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Events
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017


                              836 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Chester Progressive (California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 7, 2015

Food co-op awards micro-grants

BYLINE: The Chester Progressive staff

LENGTH: 422  words


Quincy Natural Foods Co-op and Twin Pines Cooperative Foundation established the
Quincy Natural Foods Cooperative Community Fund in 2005 to provide financial
support to local nonprofit and cooperative organizations.

Every year the CCF awards; micro-grants to organizations working on issues
relating to sustainable agriculture and organic foods, hunger and social justice
issues, environmental protection and cooperatives.

This year $700 was available in the fund to be shared between two organizations.
Mountain Passages Girls Rite Program and the Sierra School Foundation Roots &
Boots Initiative each received $350 to continue their work in projects relating
to sustainable agriculture, gardening, nutrition and cooking education.

Mountain Passages Girls Rite Program provides healthy, safe, educational
activities for adolescent girls in Plumas County throughout the entire year with
summer and after-school programs. Its mission statement is to "educate,
strengthen and inspire youth to choose healthy lifestyles and realize their
potential while advocating for violence protection and social justice."

The CCF micro-grant will help fund the Girls Rite nutrition, meal planning and
cooking education classes.

For more information, visit womensmountainpassages.org/.

The Sierra Schools

Foundation supports the public schools of Sierra County and the Sierra-Plumas
Joint Unified School District by providing supplemental funds to address the
inequities in the educational experience due to geographic isolation and limited
local economic resources.

The Roots & Boots Initiative encourages students to explore, appreciate and
preserve their rural "roots" and the remote and rural landscapes that shaped
them, while also providing students with the "boots," or skills, training and
experiences, prepared and inspired for what lies ahead.

The CCF micro-grant will help expand the Learning Garden Project. All grade
levels participate in planning, planting, harvesting and preparing the food they
grow to potentially supply the school cafeteria with local food.

For more information on the Learning Garden Project, visit
sierraschoolsfoundation.org.

Local nonprofit and cooperative organizations are welcome to apply for the
Cooperative Community Fund grants in the spring and summer of 2016.

To make a tax-deductible donation to the Cooperative Community Fund, contact
Adriana Jones at memberservices@qnf.coop or call 283-2458. Donation jars also
are available at the registers in both co-ops -- Quincy Natural Foods and
Feather River Food Co-op.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHE

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Chester Progressive


                              837 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Portola Reporter (California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 7, 2015

Quincy co-op awards micro-grants to nonprofits

BYLINE: The Portola Reporter staff

LENGTH: 422  words


Quincy Natural Foods Co-op and Twin Pines Cooperative Foundation established the
Quincy Natural Foods Cooperative Community Fund in 2005 to provide financial
support to local nonprofit and cooperative organizations.

Every year the CCF awards micro-grants to organizations working on issues
relating to sustainable agriculture and organic foods, hunger and social justice
issues, environmental protection and cooperatives.

This year $700 was available in the fund to be shared between two organizations.
Mountain Passages Girls Rite Program and the Sierra School Foundation Roots &
Boots Initiative each received $350 to continue their work in projects relating
to sustainable agriculture, gardening, nutrition and cooking education.

Mountain Passages Girls Rite Program provides healthy, safe, educational
activities for adolescent girls in Plumas County throughout the entire year with
summer and after-school programs Its mission statement is to "educate,
strengthen and inspire youth to choose healthy lifestyles and realize their
potential while advocating for violence protection and social justice."

The CCF micro-grant will help fund the Girls Rite nutrition, meal planning and
cooking education classes.

For more information, visit womensmountainpassages.org/.

The Sierra Schools Foundation supports the public schools of Sierra County and
the Sierra-Plumas Joint Unified School District by providing supplemental funds
to address the inequities in the educational experience due to geographic
isolation and limited local economic resources.

The Roots & Boots Initiative encourages students to explore, appreciate and
preserve their rural "roots" and the remote and rural landscapes that shaped
them, while also providing students with the "boots," or skills, training and
experiences, prepared and inspired for what lies ahead.

The CCF micro-grant will help expand the Learning Garden Project. All grade
levels participate in planning, planting, harvesting and preparing the food they
grow to potentially supply the school cafeteria with local food.

For more information on the Learning Garden Project, visit
sierraschoolsfoundation.org.

Local nonprofit and cooperative organizations are welcome to apply for the
Cooperative Community Fund grants in the spring and summer of 2016.

To make a tax-deductible donation to the Cooperative Community Fund, contact
Adriana Jones at memberservices@qnf.coop or call 283-2458. Donation jars also
are available at the registers in both co-ops -- Quincy Natural Foods and
Feather River Food Co-op.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: POR

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 Portola Reporter


                              838 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

AGP-Agribusiness Market Development

LENGTH: 542  words


Total Obligation: $35,695,255
Sector: Economic Growth and Trade
Goal: Sustainably reduce poverty and hunger by improving the productivity and
competitiveness of value chains that offer job and income opportunities for
rural households.


Project Objectives: Focus on value chains offering the greatest potential to
transform the agricultural sector
Intervene in up to four high-potential commodities per region, including
important staple crops like maize, wheat, coffee and honey
Improve competitiveness of selected value chains and expand the depth and
breadth of growth benefits
Identify equity of credit for microfinance institutions and rural savings and
credit cooperatives
Make innovation grants available to support rural enterprises engaged in
agriculture processing and private sector aggregation
Promote approaches that foster equitable grant allocation practices between men
and women.
Description: The majority of Ethiopians reside in rural areas and earn thier
livelihoods in agriculture-related endeavors. As part of Ethiopia  s
Agricultural Growth Program (AGP), Agribusiness Market Development (AMDe) has a
focused approach that justifies investment in areas with the greatest potential
to act as catalysts in transforming Ethiopia  s agricultural and economic
sectors. The acronymn AMDe (pronounced am-day), means "the pillar of my home" in
Amharic

depicting the program~s goal of bringing opportunities for rural development and
economic growth. AMDe consists of three components:
Agricultural production and commercialization
Small scale rural infrastructure development and management
Learning and evaluation
Through AGP

Agribusiness Market Development (AMDe), USAID will implement a crop value chain
expansion project through a performance-oriented contract, seeking to transform
and commercialize the agricultural sector, resulting in expanded rural incomes
and diversified employment opportunities. The activity will assist in developing
a stronger private sector able to meet demands of domestic and export markets
through linkages with farmers and smallholders, increased productivity, and
improved post-harvest practices. Ethiopia  s public sector will also play an
important role in this transformation by strengthening the enabling environment
and public-sector extension and input (seed and fertilizer) systems.
Additionally, AMDe will also integrate nutrition objectives into its overall
approach, coordinating with and complementing the activities of USAID  s
flagship nutrition program, Empowering New Generations with Improved Nutrition
and Economic Opportunity (ENGINE).

AMDe will also coordinate with PSNP GRAD to link investments in technology and
marketing efficiency in Productive Ethiopia to the chronically food insecure
farmers in adjacent areas of Hungry Ethiopia. The activities will work together
to identify opportunities for farmers in both areas to jointly source inputs,
which will encourage technology adoption and increased produ
Project completion date : 2016-05-01 12:00:00
Major organization : UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT (USAID)


Address : Entoto Street
PO Box 1014
Addis Ababa

Country :Ethiopia
Financier : United States Agency for International Development (USAID),

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              839 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Sarke Daily News

                          September 24, 2015 Thursday

TERJOLA COOPERATIVES TO INCREASE WINE BOTTLING UNDER ENPARD CO-FUNDING

BYLINE: Sarke Daily News

LENGTH: 133 words


Two  wineries  have  been opened in Terjola today through co-funding of European

Neighborhood Program for Agriculture and Rural Development (ENPARD).

Co-funding  was  allocated  for technical equipment of the wineries and was used

for wine production growth and creation of bottling and labeling systems.

Namely, cooperative "Winery Sazano" received technical assistance of 76,642 lari

from  ENPARD  and  Czech  "People in Need". In the first year, production volume

will be 600 l of wine.

Another cooperative, "Terjola Wine", got from ENPARD and "People in Need" 74,365

lari  for  the  same  purpose.  Expected volume of production for the first year

makes up 2,850 l.

To  note,  cooperatives,  which  applied  for  grant  within ENPARD, have passed

trainings in business planning and organizational development.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1168


                    Copyright 2015 Sarke Information Agency
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                           September 23, 2013 Monday

Poverty alleviation in China

LENGTH: 1036 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Sept. 23 -- The population of China is 1.3 billion now. A substantial
amount of this massive population is extremely poor. According to the 1978
census, 250 million of the rural community live below the poverty line. This
amounts to about 30.7 percent of the total population. According to World Bank
standards, those whose daily income is below US $ 1.25 are considered as poor.

China is governed by a government elected by the people. Top priority is given
to the needs of the people by all governments elected by the people. XI Jinping
who assumed power in 2012 had stressed on improving the quality of life of the
masses more than economic development. President XI Jinping has said that his
first priority is the happiness of the people.

Since the economy was opened in 1978, a rapid development took place within the
country. This to a certain extent helped increase the income of people in some
areas. In 1978, peasants of Anhui Province divided among themselves a community
land and started private cultivation. The government of the time approved this,
and that move brought good harvests, and this started a change in the land
policy of the government. In 1981, private ownership came into forefront. As a
result, production increased and people's income increased.

In 2006, taxes on agricultural products were revoked. This too helped farmers as
they invested their money back in their plots.

New crops have been introduced instead traditional crops. Strawberry, grapes and
coffee are some of these new crops.

Thirty years ago, only paddy was grown in Huyongu. Later, coffee was introduced
to the region. A kilo of coffee was sold for 28 Yuan. In Southern Yuan in the
city of Purer about 140,000 farmers are engaged in the planting of coffee.
Today, they are the owners of upstair houses and motor cars.

Fertiliser is provided at a subsidised rate and technical know how too is
provided by the state. In 2011, the assistance so provided was worth 43.9
billion Yuan.

The state has employed the co-operative system to develop the economy of the
villages. There are about 600,000 such co-operatives and the number of families
served by the said co-operatives are over 43 million. This is about 20 percent
the village families. In addition to that there are about 28,000 voluntary
organisations serving about 110 million people. The value of agricultural
products produced by the co-operative amounted to about Yuan 5.7 trillion in
2011. This was about one third of the agricultural products available in the
market.

Agricultural credit

From 2011, People's Bank China with the Banking Regulation commissions have
jointly started agricultural credit programs. It provides loans at a very
concessionary rate.

Co-operative banks were opened in the rural areas for peasants to obtain bank
loans for agricultural purposes on easy terms. The peasants were the real owners
of those banks. Longwan rural co-operative bank started in June 2005 in Wengzhou
city in Zhejiang province is a good example for the success story of these
banks. By 2007, the said bank had given loans to the tune of 4 billion Yuan. Out
of the 4,639 shareholders of this bank 4,000 were farmers. By 2008, this bank
had a profit of Yuan 112 million and this amount was divided among the
shareholders.

Training

The youth of impoverished areas are provided with a grant of about 600-1,500
Yuan for training. The youth who obtain degrees too are provided with vocational
training and given a grant of Yuan 1,500.

Voluntary organisations have sprung all over China. The patronage for these
organisations were provided by all China Women's Federation to uplift the
village agricultural economy and to encourage women to indulge in various
vocations, connected to self employment. This organisation has created women's
activity centres. Yuan 200,000 is spent to create one such centre. Some centres
are equipped with libraries and audio visual equipment such as computers,
television and projectors for members to share. They hold seminars for members
with agricultural experts. As a result women have become the major force in
promoting local economic developments.

Medical insurance scheme

There was no medical insurance scheme for Chinese peasants long after obtaining
freedom. In 2003, China started to offer affordable medical services to its
rural residents. In March 2009, a new round of reforms was launched with the
basic medical services in different regions. The central government has spent
1.5 trillion Yuan during the last three years. By 2011, 95 percent of the
peasants have come into this insurance scheme.

Infrastructure

A sudden development took place in village areas in the whole country due to new
road and new railway lines. This enabled the farmers to send their products to
the market in double quick time. When visiting Yunan, we witnessed how new roads
have contributed for the economic progress. We saw farmers transporting flowers
for export using this new highway network.

Houses are built for peasants with basic facilities as electricity and running
water in many areas. Tibet has made much progress in this field. Prior to 1959
many Tibetans lived in mud huts. After 1959 the central government commenced
making habitable houses for the peasants.

The provincial government managed to build 1.4 million houses by 2000 spending
1.7 Billion Yuan. This project of building houses was known as "safe and cozy".

These houses have TV, telephone and electricity and running water. By 2000,
740,000 people were provided with electricity and 952,000 had running water. The
coverage of telephone and TV/ Radio signals now stand at 96.28 percent and 91.41
percent and 135,000 rural households are now cooking with biogas.

Therefor,e one could come to the conclusion that the Chinese government has done
a tremendous amount of work for the uplift of the living standards of the people
of China. By 2020, China can look forward to bidding farewell to poverty once
and for all. The writer is the Vice President of the Sri Lanka China Society.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Daily Record

                          September 27, 1994, Tuesday

SCOTLAND'S HOME FOR PROPERTY;
The Skye's the limit;
Housing initiative in Skye

BYLINE: Heather Rose

SECTION: Page 26

LENGTH: 839 words


A rural housing initiative in Skye has brought a double boost to the area.

lt is helping young people to stay in the community and contributing to the
local economy.

The #3.7-million development at Home Farm, which carries grant support from
Scottish Homes, combines affordable homes for rent and low-cost home ownership.

It is being carried out in two stages and the first section is producing 22
homes for rent with 12 for shared ownership through Lochalsh and Skye Housing
Association.

Another 12 homes for shared ownership through the Association will feature in
the second section, along with 16 flats for sale.

To be sold through Tulloch Homes, they will be keenly priced thanks to grant
support from the national housing agency.

Director of the Tulloch Group, Ian Chavasse, said: "Through our sister company
Tulloch Construction's Skye division, we are sustaining significant jobs on the
island.

"And this is enabling us to offer homes of distinction and, at the same time,
play a social and economic role on the island." Partnership ventures have played
a key role in bringing new life to Scottish urban areas.  But this partnership,
which combines both public and private investment, is becoming a leading light
for rural projects.

Peter McKinlay, Scottish Homes chief executive, explained: "If we cannot provide
homes for young people in rural and island communities, we cannot safeguard the
future of these areas." The agency is currently working with a number of housing
partners in rural and island areas of the country.

And these projects should result in 1500 homes.

The Home Farm development is part of a larger programme being carried out by
Scottish Homes and Skye and Lochalsh this year.

Peter McKinlay added: "It complements a range of other incentives agreed with
Skye and Lochalsh District Council, meeting the most pressing housing needs in
the area." In the past five-years the agency has invested #5.4-million in the
Skye and Lochalsh area, helping create more than 160 homes, 96 for the rented
sector and 66 for owner occupation.

The area also carries priority classification for rural home ownership grants.

These are designed to help people in rural and remote locations move into home
ownership .

Last month the 100th grant went to a woman at Edinbane, Skye.

This let her move into a permanent residence.  And out of the mobile home which
had been "home" for 14 years.

Hazel Rore, sales manager with Ogilvie Homes, is about to prove that the thrill
of TV game shows can switch over to the property world.

She has come up with a panel game that will add to the pleasure of showhouse
viewing.

It requires visitors to Ogilvie showhomes to spot an array of objects around the
house which link up to a well known phrase or saying that includes the word
"home".

Pioneered at their Lochwinnoch development, it is now going into action at other
Ogilvie developments including their Craigmar-loch Village estate near
Cumbernauld There are, of course, really hot star prizes - topped by a sizzling
British Gas barbecue system for gourmet cooking.

The Scottish Federation of Housing Associations is calling for a reduction in
bureaucracy by Scottish Homes and a push to provide affordable homes.

These SFHA views come in response to the review of the national housing agency
which is being carried out by the Scottish Office.

Director of the SFHA, David Orr, says that if the agency's partnership with
housing associations and co-operatives is to work effectively, there should be
greater co-operation.

"There must also be a recog-nition that associations and co- operatives exist to
provide affordable housing for those in need.

"Any pressures to reduce subsidy have the effect of pushing up rents," he said.

Schoolchildren in Tayside are being taught a vital lesson.

But it's not one that would normally be on the school curriculum.

For it's to tell them while building sites might look like places for fun - they
can be death traps.

The lesson for kids comes from Wimpey Homes, who have joined forces with
policeto promote Safe Tayside in the region.

Dave Scott, safety advisor with Wimpey Homes in the east of Scotland, created a
building site environment with the aid of scaffolding, chemicals, tools and
equipment.

He said: "We have a responsibility to alert children to the hidden dangers on
every building site in the country."

On the hunt for a modern house with a bit of extra space? Then head for
Duntocher, in Dunbartonshire.

For Clydebank estate agents McHugh and Co are marketing a house that was one of
the largest designs built by a major builder.

But the detached villa in Davidson Quadrant has also been extended for heaps
more room.

From a standard estate home of a few years ago, it now has extras like a 26 foot
by 11 foot lounge, and a kitchen that measures close on 18 feet long.

Selling at offers over #79,950, it has three bedrooms, bathroom with a white
suite and a single garage.


LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

            Copyright 1994 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd.


                              842 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                  Feather River Bulletin (Quincy, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 7, 2015

Quincy food co-ops award micro-grants to local nonprofits

BYLINE: Feather River Bulletin staff

LENGTH: 424  words


Quincy Natural Foods Co-op and Twin Pines Cooperative Foundation established the
Quincy Natural Foods Cooperative Community Fund in 2005 to provide financial
support to local nonprofit and cooperative organizations.

Every year the CCF awards micro-grants to organizations working on issues
relating to sustainable agriculture and organic foods, hunger and social justice
issues, environmental protection and cooperatives.

This year $700 was available in the fund to be shared between two organizations.

Mountain Passages Girls Rite Program and the Sierra School Foundation Roots &
Boots Initiative each received $350 to continue their work in projects relating
to sustainable agriculture, gardening nutrition and cooking education.

Mountain Passages Girls Rite Program provides healthy, safe, educational
activities for adolescent girls in Plumas County throughout the entire year with
summer and after-school programs. Its mission statement is to "educate,
strengthen and inspire youth to choose healthy lifestyles and realize their
potential while advocating for violence protection and social justice."

The CCF micro-grant will help fund the Girls Rite nutrition, meal planning and
cooking education classes.

For more information, visit womensmountainpassages.org/.

The Sierra Schools

Foundation supports the public schools of Sierra County and the Sierra-Plumas
Joint Unified School District by providing supplemental funds to address the
inequities in the educational experience due to geographic isolation and limited
local economic resources.

The Roots & Boots Initiative encourages students to explore, appreciate and
preserve their rural "roots" and the remote and rural landscapes that shaped
them, while also providing students with the "boots," or skills, training and
experiences, prepared and inspired for what lies ahead.

The CCF micro-grant will help expand the Learning Garden Project. All grade
levels participate in planning, planting, harvesting and preparing the food they
grow to potentially supply the school cafeteria with local food.

For more information on the Learning Garden Project, visit their website:
sierraschoolsfoundation.org.

Local nonprofit and cooperative organizations are welcome to apply for the
Cooperative Community Fund grants in the spring and summer of 2016.

To make a tax-deductible donation to the Cooperative Community Fund, contact
Adriana Jones at memberservices@qnf.coop or call 283-2458.

Donation jars also are available at the registers in both co-ops -- Quincy
Natural Foods and Feather River Food Co-op.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FTH

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 Feather River Bulletin


                              843 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 26, 2014 Monday

Washington: Executive Director, International Foundation Job: IRC22897

LENGTH: 834  words

DATELINE: Washington


National Rural Water Association, has issued the following job vacancy:

Description

Job Title  Executive Director, International Foundation

Location  Arlington, VA, US

Organization Name  International





NRECA International, LTD. is a global leader in rural electrification working in
nine countries to provide technical and management assistance, create
cooperatives and other decentralized utilities, administer training programs,
and introduce renewable energy programs (wind, solar, hydropower and biomass).
NRECA International is a self-supporting division of the National Rural Electric
Cooperative Association (NRECA) with funding from service contracts from the
U.S. Agency for International Development, the World Bank, and overseas
governments and cooperatives.  The Association with offices in Arlington, VA and
Lincoln, NE is the trade association for over 900 consumer-owned electric
cooperatives serving more than 42 million people. NRECA is committed to
harnessing the strength of America's electric cooperatives into a single
powerful voice. NRECA has won the following awards over the past few years:

o 100 Best Places to Work - ComputerWorld Magazine
o 50 Greatest places to Work - AARP
o 50 Best Places to Work - The Washingtonian
o CARE Award Recipient - Recognizing organizations that promote a positive
work-life balance

At NRECA, we work with people who are leaders in their fields, they are
down-to-earth, hardworking professionals committed to helping our members serve
their communities. Our work is interesting and constantly evolving and requiring
new skills to meet the evolving needs of a dynamic industry. In this collegial,
inclusive work environment, united around the compelling purpose and history of
electric cooperatives, we thrive. And topping it off, NRECA cares about each
person's overall well-being, encouraging health, financial security, and a
sustainable work/life balance.

EEO/AA-M/F/Disability/Protected Veteran Status/Genetic Data



Summary



The Executive Director, International Foundation principal duty will be to
develop significant new sources of funding through corporate and philanthropic
institutions to finance new projects and programs in support of the core mission
of NRECA International. The Executive Director will develop and implement the
overall fundraising strategy.

Purpose and Mission



o Develop relationships with potential corporate and philanthropic sponsors
 o Identify and develop relationships with corporate entities that have a
history of sponsoring rural economic development activities in developing
economies, and whose marketing and business interests reveal clear ties in
geographic areas where NRECA has successfully implemented projects.
 o Identify and develop relationships with philanthropic institutions that
sponsor rural economic, health, education, clean water and other programs and
activities in developing economies.
 o Identify and build partnerships with like-minded development organizations
with which NRECA may collaborate to implement future programs and projects

o Develop program/project proposals
    o Develop proposals to a combination of corporate and foundation sponsors in
collaboration with other NRECA International staff.
    o Identify partners to support specific projects and programs; identify
synergies with potential partners, define separation of duties, and work
collaboratively with partners to prepare proposals.
    o Market projects and/or portfolio of projects to potential sponsors.
    o Define means and opportunities to leverage NRECA International Foundation
activities with sponsoring agencies such as USAID, UNDP, World Bank and others.

o Collaborate with NRECA International Communications team to develop a
communication strategy to clearly articulate the success of NRECA International
efforts.
    o Employ enhanced messaging to inform potential donors of the effectiveness
of NRECA International
    o Contribute to content of NRECA International website.
    o Oversee production of NRECA International Foundation annual work plan and
annual report.
    o Supervise definition and production of marketing materials including
brochures, project synopses, promotional videos and others.

Requirements and Qualifications



o Must have a minimum of 10 years of experience in corporate and/or foundation
fundraising and demonstrable success in grant writing.
o Knowledge and experience in international economic development, global health,
education, clean water and/or clean energy/clean power programs are a must.
o Previous management and leadership experience are required.
o A Bachelor of Arts in Communications, Economics, Business or a related field
required.
o Master's Degree in Public Administration or a related discipline highly
preferred.

Interested applicants should submit their resume and a cover letter to
dwilkinson@boyden.com Please do not use the apply button.

*LI-KC1







Amount of Travel

For further information please visit: http://www.jobtarget.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Aberdeen Times (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 25, 2009

Ag. secretary urges farmers, businesses to apply for value-added producer grants

BYLINE: The Aberdeen Times staff

LENGTH: 336  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack urges farmers and business owners to apply for
grants to add value to the commodities they produce. The deadline to apply is
Monday, Nov. 30.

"The approximately $18 million in value-added grants announced by USDA this past
year are strengthening rural economies and creating jobs," Vilsack said. "I
encourage farmers and businesses to take advantage of this opportunity to add
value to their agricultural products by funding planning activities such as
feasibility studies, marketing and business plans, or for working capital."

For example, in 2004, USDA awarded the Michigan Turkey Producers Cooperative in
Wyoming, Mich., a value-added planning grant totaling $55,000 to prepare a
feasibility study and business plan for marketing turkey products to
health-conscious customers. In 2005, a second $150,000 grant was awarded to
provide marketing capital in order to increase brand awareness and promote the
benefits of the company's farm-to-table practices. As a result of USDA's
assistance, the cooperative was able to hire 66 new employees and open a new
processing plant for new product lines.

USDA will award planning grants of up to $100,000 and working capital grants of
up to $300,000 to successful applicants. Applicants are encouraged to propose
projects that use existing agricultural products in non-traditional ways or
merge agricultural products with technology in creative ways. Businesses of all
sizes may apply, but priority will be given to operators of small and
medium-sized family farms - those with average annual gross sales of less than
$700,000.

Applicants must provide matching funds equal to the amount of the grant
requested. Ten percent of the funding being made available is reserved for
beginning farmers or ranchers and socially disadvantaged farmers or ranchers. An
additional 10 percent is reserved for projects involving local and regional
supply networks that link independent producers with businesses and cooperatives
that market value-added products.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ABD

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 The Aberdeen Times


                              845 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           February 23, 2012 Thursday

Bailout package for three Cooperative Banks

LENGTH: 507  words

DATELINE: Ranch


Ranch, Feb. 23 -- Three branches of Cooperative Banks in Jharkhand, namely
District Central Cooperative Banks of Giridih, Singhbhum and Deoghar-Jamtara,
would be given bailout package of Rs 28, 29,85,000 by the State Government.

The sum would help the branches in keeping themselves afloat with enough
liquidity as they had to improve their financial condition and fulfill some
other specified conditions before March 31, the timeline set by the Reserve Bank
of India.

A high-level meeting to discuss the matter per se and also to finalise the
modalities for extending the financial assistance to the banks took place on
Thursday in which Cooperative Minister Haji Hussain Ansari, apart from senior
officials from National Bank for Rural and Agriculture Development (NABARD) and
secretaries of the Cooperative Department participated.

"The branches had to fulfill the conditionality and apply with the RBI to
continue with their banking activities in their respective areas. A grant of Rs
15 crore was supposed to come to them from the RBI but for that they have to
fulfill the criteria first. Chief general manager of NABARD was of the view that
not extending the assistance would puncture their banking activities and
jeopardise the farmers associated with them. We all reached to a conclusion that
the branches should be provided with the sum," said SP Verma, special secretary
of the Department.

The assistance would also be in sync with the recommendations of Vaidyanathan
Committee, setup on reviving the long term cooperative credit structure in the
country.

Report of the high-powered committee had concluded that the share of Cooperative
Banks in rural credit has been steadily declining and is around 18 per cent.

"Cooperative Banks presently depend for their activities on their own funds
which are very limited and refinance from NABARD. Since adequate refinance
through NABARD can't be relied upon and many of the Cooperative Banks are weak
and unable to raise funds from the market, there is a strong need for an
alternative organisational set up to mobilise funds and to bridge the systemic
gap in the cooperative credit and banking structure," says the report.

Seventy-one such sick branches of Cooperative Bank have been identified
throughout the country and three of them fall in Jharkhand. "Bailout packages
have been given to such branches in Bihar, Maharashtra and some other States as
well. After the agreement, the proposal would be sent to the Government for
final decision," added Verma.

The Committee had also indicated the lack of importance given to cooperative
banks, despite the emphasis by the Planning Commission. "Though we can claim to
have the World's largest and most diverse cooperative movement, barring some
exceptions our cooperatives in general are fraught with a number of problems and
challenges," reads the report. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Pioneer. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                              June 28, 2009 Sunday

Agrarian reform turns rubber into big venture

BYLINE: By Tess Superioridad Baluyos

LENGTH: 495 words


TALAKAG, Bukidnon: What was once a sprawling, privately owned rubber plantation
is now a testimony that land reform works.

The plantation mill, managed by farmers, now processes raw rubber into
high-grade, high-priced products.

The First Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries Cooperative (FARBECO) runs the huge,
743-hectare rubber plantation, its processing mill producing crepe rubber,
including good quality pale crepe, which gets the best price.

The FARBECO mill produces concentrated latex, the milky-white liquid that is
tapped from the rubber tree. A centrifuge squeezes most of the water out and
converts it into concentrated latex.

The residual latex that coagulates on the collection cups when rubber is tapped
is called cup lumps, a form of raw rubber, which is also sold.

Some of the latex is allowed to coagulate in soaking tanks, producing
coagulum-the paper-white, spongy blocks that look like giant soybean cakes, or
tokwa.

In a good year, FARBECO produces 3,000 kilograms of concentrated latex, 500 kg
of cup lumps and 150 kg of coagulum.

It all started in the early 1980s when the rubber plantation and mill-then owned
by the Menzi Development Corp.-was foreclosed by the Development Bank of the
Philippines, its creditor bank.

Shortly after, FARBECO was organized for thousands of employees and workers.

In 1995, the Department of Science and Technology (DOST) regional office
conducted training seminars on rubber processing and related technologies.

The following year, FARBECO decided to process cup lumps into crepe rubber and
sought DOST assistance.

A basic premise for most of DOST's technology assistance is that the project
should increase income to improve the standard of living of cooperative members
and generate employment. Implicit is the capability of the cooperative to pay
for borrowed funds.

By 1997, the DOST Technology Application and Promotion Institute came in with a
P450,000 grants-in-aid to build a smoke house for sheet rubber drying.

The cooperative was taught how to process raw latex and cup lumps into crepe
sheets and its processing facility opened in 1998.

Ten years later, FARBECO is into commercial-scale production of crepe rubber,
including good quality pale crepe.

It remains bullish about the future, again seeking DOST help to test the quality
of its crepe rubber.

Product standardization would open additional markets, especially in other Asian
countries like Japan.

Today, the cooperative averages a monthly income of about P600,000 from cup lump
and crepe rubber production. FARBECO also has a nursery that produces about
2,000 kg to 6,000 kg of seedlings a day.

The 280-member FARBECO is a close cooperative, meaning membership cannot be
transferred and new ones are not accepted except when a member dies and the
spouse or an heir is taken in (which is why the formerly all-male coop now has
female members).

It is an exceptional success story of land reform that actually improves the
lives of rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2009 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              847 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 Indian Valley Record (Greenville, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 7, 2015

Food co-op awards micro-grants

BYLINE: Indian Valley Record staff

LENGTH: 423  words


Quincy Natural Foods Co-op and Twin Pines Cooperative Foundation established the
Quincy Natural Foods Cooperative Community Fund in 2005 to provide financial
support to local nonprofit and cooperative organizations.

Every year the CCF awards micro-grants to organizations working on issues
relating to sustainable agriculture and organic foods, hunger and social justice
issues, environmental protection and cooperatives.

This year $700 was available in the fund to be shared between two organizations.
Mountain Passages Girls Rite Program and the Sierra School Foundation Roots &
Boots Initiative each received $350 to continue their work in projects relating
to sustainable agriculture, gardening, nutrition and cooking education.

Mountain Passages Girls Rite Program provides healthy, safe, educational
activities for adolescent girls in Plumas County throughout the entire year with
summer and after-school programs. Its mission statement is to "educate,
strengthen and inspire youth to choose healthy lifestyles and realize their
potential while advocating for violence protection and social justice."

The CCF micro-grant will help fund the Girls Rite nutrition, meal planning and
cooking education classes.

For more information, visit women smountain passages.org/.

The Sierra Schools Foundation supports the public schools of Sierra County and
the Sierra-Plumas Joint Unified School District by providing supplemental funds
to address the inequities in the educational experience due to geographic
isolation and limited local economic resources.

The Roots & Boots Initiative encourages students to explore, appreciate and
preserve their rural "roots" and the remote and rural landscapes that shaped
them, while also providing students with the "boots," or skills, training and
experiences, prepared and inspired for what lies ahead.

The CCF micro-grant will help expand the Learning Garden Project. All grade
levels participate in planning, planting, harvesting and preparing the food they
grow to potentially supply the school cafeteria with local food.

For more information on the Learning Garden Project, visit sierra schools
foundation.org.

Local nonprofit and cooperative organizations are welcome to apply for the
Cooperative Community Fund grants in the spring and summer of 2016.

To make a tax-deductible donation to the Cooperative Community Fund, contact
Adriana Jones at memberservices@qnf.coop or call 283-2458. Donation jars also
are available at the registers in both co-ops -- Quincy Natural Foods and
Feather River Food Co-op.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INV

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 Indian Valley Record


                              848 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 1461  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



  The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for review
and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13.
Comments are requested regarding (1) whether the collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the
agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the methodology and
assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the
information to be collected; (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection
of information on those who are to respond, including through the use of
appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection
techniques or other forms of information technology.





 Comments regarding this information collection received by September 29, 2016
will be considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to: OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to
Departmental Clearance Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC
20250-7602. Copies of the submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202)
720-8958.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Utilities Service



 Title: Preloan Procedures and Requirements for Telecommunications Program.



 OMB Control Number: 0572-0079.



 Summary of Collection: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) is a credit agency of
the U.S. Department of Agriculture. It makes mortgage loans and loan guarantees
to finance telecommunications, electric, and water and waste facilities in rural
areas with a loan portfolio that totals nearly $58 billion. RUS manages loan
programs in accordance with the Rural Electrification Act of 1936, 7 U.S.C. 901
et. seq. as amended, (RE Act). Section 201 of the RE Act authorizes the
Administrator to make loans to qualified telephone companies for the purpose of
providing telephone service to the widest practicable number of rural
subscribers.



 Need and Use of the Information: RUS will collect information using several
forms to determine an applicant's eligibility to borrow from RUS under the terms
of the RE Act. The information is also used to determine that the Government's
security for loans made by RUS are reasonably adequate and that the loans will
be repaid within the time agreed. Without the information, RUS could not
effectively monitor each borrower's compliance with the loan terms and
conditions to properly ensure continued loan security.



 Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for-profit
institutions.



 Number of Respondents: 18.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 4,687.

 Rural Utilities Service



 Title: RUS Form 444,  "Wholesale Power Contracts."



 OMB Control Number: 0572-0089.



 Summary of Collection: The Rural Electrification Act of 1936 (RE Act) as
amended (7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.), authorizes the Rural Utilities Service (RUS) to
make and guarantee loans in the States and Territories of the United States that
will enable rural consumers to obtain electric power. Rural consumers formed
non-profit electric distribution cooperatives, groups of these distribution
cooperatives banded together to form Generation and Transmission cooperatives
(G&T's) that generate or purchase power and transmit the power to the
distribution systems. All RUS and G&T borrowers will enter into a Wholesale
Power Contract with their distribution members by using RUS Form 444, as adapted
to meet the needs of the borrower.



 Need and Use of the Information: To fulfill the purposes of the RE Act RUS will
collect information to improve the credit quality and credit worthiness of loans
and loan guarantees to G&T borrowers. RUS works closely with lending
institutions that provide supplemental loan funds to borrowers. If the
information were not collected, RUS could not determine whether Federal security
interest would be adequately protected.



 Description of Respondents: Not-for profit institutions; Business or other
for-profit.



 Number of Respondents: 13.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 78.

 Rural Utilities Service



 Title: 7 CFR 1703, Subparts D, E, F, and G, Distance Learning and Telemedicine
Loan and Grant Program.



 OMB Control Number: 0572-0096.



 Summary of Collection: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) is a credit agency of
the Department of Agriculture and is authorized by Chapter 1 of subtitle D of
the Food, Agriculture, Conservation and Trade Act of 1990. The purpose of the
Distance Learning and Telemedicine Loan and Grant Program is to improve
telemedicine services and distance learning services in rural areas through the
use of telecommunications, computer networks, and related advanced technologies
by students, teachers, medical professionals and rural residents. Section 6201
of Title VI of the 2014 Farm Bill (Pub. L. 113-79) amended 7 U.S.C. 950aaa et
seq, by extending the term of the program to the year 2018.



 Need and Use of the Information: The various forms and narrative statements
required are collected from eligible applicants that are public and private,
for-profit and not-for-profit rural community facilities, schools, libraries,
hospitals, and medical facilities. The purpose of this information is to
determine such factors as: Eligibility of the applicant; the specific nature of
the proposed project; the purposes for which loan and grant funds will be used;
project financial and technical feasibility; and compliance with the applicable
laws and regulations.



 Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for-profit
institutions; State, Local or Tribal Government.



 Number of Respondents: 190.



 Frequency of Responses: Recordkeeping; Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 11,031.

 Rural Utilities Service



 Title: Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and Households
Program (SEARCH).



 OMB Control Number: 0572-0146.



 Summary of Collection: The Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008, Public
Law 110-234 (Farm Bill) amended Section 306(a)(2) of the Consolidated Farm and
Rural Development Act (CONACT) (7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)). The amendment created a
grant program to make Special Evaluation Assistance for Rural Communities and
Households (SEARCH) Program grants.



 Under the SEARCH program, the Secretary may make predevelopment and planning
grants to public or quasi-public agencies, organizations operated on a
not-for-profit basis or Indian tribes on Federal and State reservations and
other federally recognized Indian tribes. The grant recipients use the grant
funds for feasibility studies, design assistance, and technical assistance for
direct loans, grants and guaranteed loans, to financially distress communities
in rural areas with populations of 2,500 or fewer inhabitants for water and
waste disposal projects as authorized in Sections 306(a)(1), 306(a)(2) and
306(a)(24) of the CONACT.



 Need and Use of the Information: Applicants applying for SEARCH grants must
submit an application which includes an application form, various other forms,
certifications, and supplemental information. Rural Utility Service will use the
information collected from applicants, borrowers, and consultants to determine
applicant eligibility, project feasibility, and the applicant's ability to meet
the grant and regulatory requirements.



 Failure to collect proper information could result in improper determinations
of eligibility, improper use of funds, or hindrances in making grants authorized
by the SEARCH program.



 Description of Respondents: Not-for-profit Institutions and State, Local or
Tribal Government.



 Number of Respondents: 125.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 3,688.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2016-20725 Filed 8-29-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            March 25, 2009 Wednesday

Feds push for more 'green' in rural areas

BYLINE: Jasen Lee Deseret News

LENGTH: 538 words


Growing "green" could be the way to put more "green" on your bottom line. That
was the message at a workshop Tuesday hosted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development Agency focusing on the agency's Rural Energy for
America Program, or REAP. The workshop, which took place at the Wallace F.
Bennett Federal Building in downtown Salt Lake City, was geared toward small
business owners and farmers who were interested in reducing their energy costs
or wished to learn ways of generating their own "green power."

According to Perry Mathews, business and cooperative program director for the
USDA Rural Development agency, REAP offers combinations of grants and guaranteed
loans to help farmers and small businesses in rural area purchase and install
renewable energy systems such as wind turbines, solar panels, geothermal,
micro-hydro or biomass systems. The program also assists in the development of
energy efficiency projects for irrigation systems, refrigeration units, lighting
or heating and cooling systems, according to a news release.    "We're trying to
increase the opportunity to bring in federal funds, to bring in more projects to
be developed in Utah," he said. "It's our role to work with our agricultural
producers and small businesses to facilitate this effort." The program is a
nationwide effort to promote the use of renewable sources in non-urban areas,
said Jeff Jobe, national business cooperative field advisor for USDA Rural
Development. "The administration feels that it's very important from President
Barack Obama to (Agriculture) Secretary (Tom) Vilsack," Jobe said. He said that
the agency has set aside $55 million for 2009, $60 million next year and $70
million annually beginning in 2010 for renewable energy development and
efficiency programs. The funds are available on a competitive basis, he said.
Perry said that his agency is urging Utah rural small businesses and agriculture
producers to apply for a share of the available federal funding. He said that
under federal guidelines, eligible rural areas are defined as any community with
a population of less than 50,000 people. For Utah's rural communities to move
forward in the future, they will have to use every available resource at their
disposal to do so most effectively, he said. In addition to using federal funds
to promote renewable energy, the state is also promoting increased energy
efficiency, according to William Chatwin, energy efficiency coordinator for the
Utah State Energy Program. He said that the state would like to show rural
businesses and farmers ways that they can "multiply the benefits" of producing
clean, renewable energy as they improve their efficiency. "For example, if you
are running water down a gradient to a place where you need it to produce farm
crops ... while you're running the water downhill, you can be getting
electricity off of that water and it can offset some of those pumping costs," he
explained. "You're getting the original production, which is what we need from
our agricultural communities," he said. "You're able to increase those
efficiencies, increase the benefits and then recirculate those funds into that
local economy," Chatwin said. E-mail: jlee@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              850 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            February 26, 1993 Friday

LENGTH: 740 words


Trimming funds for agricultural ventures risky Byline: JOHN RICE, Maddock The
recent vote by the North Dakota House of Representatives to delete $1 million
from the 1993-95 budget of the Agricultural Products Utilization Commission is a
mistake. APUC grants have helped get such highly publicized ventures as the
Dakota Growers Pasta Co., the Dakota Aquaculture Cooperative and the North
Dakota Bison Cooperative off the ground. In fact, APUC has helped start almost a
dozen new production, processing and marketing cooperatives around the state.
The future of our state depends on the availability of seed money for similar
projects.

In just the past five years, imports of Canadian durum have gone from zero to 25
percent of domestic usage. That translated into a $50 million loss for North
Dakota in 1992 alone. APUC can help recapture that loss. APUC is the farmer's
share of Growing North Dakota. It is designed to bring economic development to
rural North Dakota by fostering cooperative ventures by growers, especially
ventures aimed at value-added processing. They represent what I believe is the
best means of rekindling North Dakota's rural economy. Gov. Schafer has stated
that he wants to see in-state processing of a full 40 percent of North Dakota
agricultural products before they are exported to other states and abroad. It is
a commendable goal, and one that will bring greater economic stability to this
state than we have ever known. Reaching that goal will be all the more
difficult, even impossible, without the kind of incentives provided by APUC. We
can only hope that cooler heads will prevail, and that the funding will be
restored. It will pay for itself many times over. (The author is vice chairman
of Dakota Growers Pasta Co. - Editor)

Intolerance destroys Byline: DOROTHY RODENBURG, Linton Since I do not understand
the homophobic or the homosexual in our society, I will not address either;
however, my comments are directed at the Bismarck Tribune and whoever is in
charge of the op-ed page. Why was so much space given to a spokesman
(self-appointed?) of the Religious Right? (The "Absolute Truth' on Gays, Feb.
17) There is enough fear, hatred, and distrust without giving credence to an
article written especially to foster prejudice and intolerance, though the
author tries to justify it. There is also the real danger of your readers
developing a misconception of the beliefs and practices of most mainline
Christian churches that accept people for what they are and not what we think
they should be, with emphasis put on the non-judgmental teachings of Jesus
Christ. It's worth noting, the author quoted from an Epistle written by a stern
and inflexible Apostle Paul, instead of from the Gospels. I respect freedom of
speech and of the press, but it is well to remember that more lives have been
destroyed by intolerance than by all the forces of nature combined. Was it not
Napoleon I who said he feared 10 newspapers more than 10,000 swords?

(We give space to all points of view, including yours. Ä Editor)

We're all humans Byline: ROLAND RIEMERS, Beulah Cheryl Red Eagle in her Feb. 10
column (How to win the name game) stated that Indians sometimes are in a
quandary over what to call us, Anglo-American, whites, Norwegian, German, etc? I
would suggest they just call us by our name, and if you really have to group
classify us, just call us all ""American'' or better yet, ""humans.'' Cheryl
likes to also make the distinction of ""Native American'' vs. those of us who
came after Columbus. But it is fairly well established that her ancestors were
no more native to America than the rest of us (unless her great ancestors were
really mammoths?) They just got here first by means of a land bridge vs. a boat!
It is very tragic that most arriving Europeans acted barbaric against the
equally barbaric Indian population, but there is not much outside time travel
that any of us can do to make right the wrongs of our remote ancestors. The
sooner we all start thinking of ourselves as humans instead of Lakota's, Hopi,
European, African, etc. the sooner we will all learn to accept and appreciate
our often interesting and fascinating differences. I also feel it is downright
racist that the Tribune pays for a special Indian column to present one person's
very biased views of Indian culture, but does not do so for the hundreds of
other just as interesting cultures that make up the Tribune reading public.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              851 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Quay County Sun (Tucumcari, New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 14, 2009 Friday

Tucumcari commissioners approve bulk water sale

BYLINE: Thomas Garcia, Quay County Sun, Tucumcari, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 423 words


Aug. 14--Tucumcari city commissioners on Thursday approved a bulk sale of water
to Ute Lake Ranch and set a new water rate for two Quay County water
cooperatives.

Commissioners agreed to sell 500 acre feet of water to the Ute Lake Ranch Public
Improvement District 2 for $75,000.

"The sale is not finalized at this point," City Manager Bobbye Rose said. "The
city's attorney still has to review the proposal and we still need the approval
of the Interstate Streams Commission Board."

Commissioners also voted to change the water rate for Rural Area Development
cooperative and Hills subdivision cooperative water users. The rate was lowered
from $2.19 to $1.83 per 1,000 gallons.

"What we asked the Commission to do is to change the water rate for Hills and
RAD users to match the rate of Liberty (cooperative) water users," said Warren
Frost, an attorney representing Ute Lake Ranch Public Improvement District 2.

Ute Lake PID 2 constructed the first nine holes of the Ute Lake golf course.

"The water will be used to water the existing nine holes and the additional nine
once they are completed," Frost said.

Commissioner Jim Lafferty told commissioners the city has 6,000 acre feet
allocated from the Ute Lake Reservoir. He said  3,750 acre feet had already been
sold to the Ute Lake Ranch.

"This additional sale will lower our allocation down to 1,750 acre feet,"
Lafferty said. "I want to recommend the sale of the water to move forward with
the project."

Commissioner James Witcher also recommended the sale of the water.

Frost asked for the reduction in water rates for RAD and Hills because he said
they were paying 36 cents per 1,000 gallons more than Liberty cooperative users.

Commissioners also:

--Appointed Rose and Lafferty to the Tucumcari Economic Development Committee
Board of Directors.

--Approved an increase of the municipal judge's salary from $13,050 to $14,355 a
year, effective March 9.

--Approved a second reading of the proposed increase of a judicial education fee
from $2 to $3.

--Approved annual resolutions qualifying the city to apply for the Community
Development Block Grant Program in 2009-2010.

To see more of The Quay County Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.qcsunonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Quay County Sun, Tucumcari,
N.M. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090814-QY-Tucumcari-commissioners-approve-bulk-water-sale-0814

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QY


                         Copyright 2009 Quay County Sun


                              852 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            December 5, 2005 Monday

USDA offers rural business grants

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 205  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture is accepting applications for its Rural
Business Enterprise Grant program at four offices in Oklahoma.

The grant program supports the development of small and emerging private
business enterprises in rural areas. Rural areas are described as any area that
has a population of 50,000 or less residents. Grants are not made directly to
private businesses, but are made to an eligible applicant such as public bodies,
private nonprofit corporations, federally recognized Indian Tribes or Tribal
groups.

The grants can be used for buying and developing land, construction or
renovation of buildings, infrastructure, equipment, technical assistance and
revolving loan funds. The recipient assists the small private business by
leasing property to them at favorable rates and terms, providing technical
assistance, or offering small business loans through reasonable lending
criteria.

The deadline for is Feb. 1. The Rural Development Area offices in Oklahoma are
at 4900 Oklahoma Ave., Suite 310, Woodward; 2600 S. Main, Suite B, Stillwater;
806 W. 11th St., Hobart; and 102 W. Ruth Ave., Atoka,

More information is available from Sally J. Vielma, rural business and
cooperative specialist, at (405) 742-1039.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                                 July 12, 2001

Rural aid doubled to GBP 1m

SECTION: Environment, Pg.11

LENGTH: 417 words


GRANT aid available to Cheshire rural businesses hit by the foot and mouth
outbreak has almost doubled to GBP 1 million.

Ailing firms were urged last week to bid for a share of about GBP 500,000 from
the Rural Business Recovery Fund set up by North West Develop-ment Agency and
Business Link.

Now that figure has increased to GBP 960,000, after negotiations between
Cheshire County Council officers and the NWDA. It follows reports by an
independent study that GBP 84 million is expected to be lost in Cheshire as a
result of the outbreak.

Pion Economics Research also claims more than 3,500 jobs in Cheshire are at
risk, 40 per cent of them in hotels and catering. It says jobs in agriculture,
retail distribution, food and drink and agriculture services are also in danger.

The relief aid will be used to provide Business Link emergency survival advice
to struggling businesses.  And firms which have already developed viable
marketing plans as they bid to recover will now be able to apply for extra cash
to help make their plans succeed.

Cash will also be ploughed into setting up marketing activities to try to lure
countryside visitors back.

County councillor Derek Bateman, of the Cheshire Rural Recovery Task Group,
said: "Now we have demonstrated Cheshire is able to carry out negotiations with
the Government and other funding groups.

"It was about time we were able to negotiate our own spending, rather than
having no effect on discussions in an office in Whitehall."

Meanwhile, the county council's three -year tourism recovery plan, launched two
months ago, has been boosted by a GBP 140,000 grant from the North West Tourist
Board.

An action group is to be created to drive forward the following key initiatives:

a country short break campaign

increased overseas marketing in the USA, Northern Europe and Commonwealth
countries

development of coach holidays

promotion of farm-based holidays

increased online marketing

more research into tourism booking patterns. The GBP 140,000 will enable most of
the initiatives to commence this year, but the action group is to lobby local
authorities and the Government for more funds to carry the project through until
2004.

Another county council bid, for a further GBP 200,000 from the NWDA, is
currently awaiting response.

This grant would set up a farmers' markets revitalisation project; a farm co
-operative shops feasibility study; and a food producers directory to encourage
people to buy locally produced food.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                          Copyright 2001 The Sentinel


                              854 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             August 3, 2015 Monday

County nets funds to spark rural jobs

LENGTH: 432 words


Two County entities will receive grant monies totaling more than $87,000 to
brighten job markets in Maine's rural areas.


The Aroostook Aspirations Initiative in Presque Isle will get $25,000, while the
Northern Maine Development Commission, Inc., of Caribou will receive $62,050.


U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the USDA grants,
totaling $3.6 million for 67 Rural Business Development Grants (RBDG). Congress
established the RBDG program in the 2014 Farm Bill by combining and improving
the Rural Business Enterprise Grant program and the Rural Business Opportunity
Grant program.


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "I am pleased that
Maine received four of the USDA RBDG grants totaling $275,000. USDA Rural
Development partners with organizations such as the Kennebec Valley Council of
Governments, the Maine Organic Farmers & Gardeners Association, and the Northern
Maine Development Commission, Inc. to provide rural small businesses with the
resources necessary to grow their operations and increase jobs in rural Maine."


AAI's grant will assist with expanding the Internship Hub of Aroostook program.
The project will conduct leadership training for prospective adult, rural
entrepreneurs and managers, while establishing and developing rural learning
programs that provide job training instructions related to potential employment
and job advancement for adult students. The project has the potential over the
next three years to create 75 jobs.


The Northern Maine Development Commission's award of $62,050 will be used to
help develop marketing strategies and improve distribution channels throughout
the Great Region Diversified Agricultural of Aroostook, Piscataquis, and
Washington Counties. The project has the potential to create 38 jobs.


The RBDG program is one of many USDA Rural Development Programs that help create
jobs and provide economic opportunities in rural areas. USDA's Rural Business-
Cooperative Service has awarded more than 20,000 grants and loans to more than
85,000 businesses since the start of the Obama Administration.


Also given grants in Maine were: the Kennebec Valley Council of Governments,
$89,000 to assist with expanding the Maine Grains Oat project; and the Maine
Organic Farmers & Gardeners Association, $98,950 to assist with organic grower
business consultation services, workshops and training, and third-party loans
for non-production purposes from an organic farmers' revolving loan fund.


Funding for the awardees is contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of
the loan and grant agreements.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                              855 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Garhwal Post (India)

                               May 4, 2015 Monday

CM announces Rs 78.12 cr schemes for Kanalichina

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: Dehradun


Dehradun, May 4 -- Chief Minister Harish Rawat visited Kanalichina Block of
District Pithoragarh on Monday. He inaugurated 22 schemes worth around Rs 78.12
crore. He announced construction of a link road from Madmanle to Rochhna, a
power substation at Madmanle, opening a science stream in Peepli Degree College,
approved lecturers' posts in Pawadhar and Kothera.

He heard the public's grievances at the ground of Government Inter College,
Kanalichina. He distributed the 'Mukhya Mantri Swasthya Yojana' cards to the
beneficiaries.On the occasion, the CM said the State Government was committed to
developing the state. Many schemes were being implemented to connect the last
person to the mainstream of development. Basic Infrastructure was being
developed for the villagers, apart from ongoing economic development in rural
areas. Villages had to be developed as manufacturing centres.Government would
grant Rs 4 per litre bonus to encourage milk production apart from Rs 6 per
litre bonus to Women Dairy Cooperatives. Government was also promoting the
planting of fodder trees. It would launch Mission Akhrot in the coming rainy
season. Handicrafts were also being promoted. Pensions would be given to
artisans working on traditional crafts. Local products made by Women Self Help
Groups would be promoted by establishing shops in all the fairs, bus stations
and stadiums. Government would give bonus on the farming of Mandua.He said that
government was working in rural areas to curb migration within four years. He
requested the villagers to undertake 'Chal-Khal' to resolve the water problem,
as bonus would be given by the government to promote this scheme. A grant of 90
% would be given on Tractor Purchase along with a Mandua thresher. Also, 15 %
preference would be given to Aganwadi and Asha workers, Bhojanmatas in
interviews to be held for higher posts.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Garhwal Post. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Garhwal Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                                January 18, 2013

BYLINE: Philip Case

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 233 words


The Dairy Fund is now open for applications from eligible projects that will
deliver transformational change to multiple English dairy farm businesses.

Under the grant scheme, groups of dairy farmers can apply for grants of between
£25,000 and £1m to establish new cooperation structures, such as producer groups
and cooperatives. A total of £5m-worth of funding is available.

The grants, which are being offered by the Rural Development Programme for
England (RDPE), can also be used to invest in technology to take advantage of
new market opportunities.

A Dairy Fund spokesman said: "Projects will be considered that encourage the
establishment, development or expansion of cooperation structures for adding
value to projects that improve the profitability of its farmer members.

"The central objectives of the cooperation activity must be to strengthen
members' connection with their market(s), enable dairy farmers to explore and
develop new market opportunities and ultimately improve farm profitability and
long-term sustainability of the dairy sector."

Projects offering the greatest return on grant investment will be more likely to
be successful, added the spokesman

The closing date for submitting outline applications is 5pm on 28 February,
2013. For information on how to apply for the grants, visit the RDPE website.

More on this topic

Government finally launches dairy consultation

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2013 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Cameroon Tribune (Yaoundé)

                                 July 26, 2016

FCFA 71 Million for Agricultural Cooperatives

BYLINE: Victorine Biy Nfor

LENGTH: 348 words


The cheques were handed to producers in Yaounde on July 26, 2016.

Some 17 Common Initiative Groups specialized in agro pastoral activities have
been handed cheques worth FCFA 71 million. The ceremony at the Chamber of
Agriculture in Yaounde on July 26, 2016 was part of the cofinancing agreement of
the Pogramme, for the Improvement of Competitiveness of Family Agro-Pastoral
farms, ACEFA piloted by the Ministries of Agriculture and Rural Development and
of Livestock, Fisheries and Animal Industries with funding from the French Debt
Reduction and Development Contract, C2D.

Most of the beneficiaries were selected by the Divisional Project Commission on
the basis of their convincing cocoa and livestock (poultry and piggery) farming
projects. Grants issued to producer groups range from 500,000 FCFA to 6 million
FCFA. Professional agro-pastoral organisations benefit grants worth 5 million
FCFA to 30 million as grants. The National Coordinator of the support scheme,
Bouba Moumini cautioned beneficiaries on the need to use the funds as was
requested for.

The common initiative groups from the Lekie Division of the Centre Division were
told that changing their livelihoods largely depended on how well they will put
the acquired funds to use. It is the second time farmer groups from the division
are benefitting from the investment schemes. The financing is expected to
improve productivity, modernise their farms, increase their revenue and improve
their livelihoods.

The ACEFA project went operational in 2008-2012 with the pilot phase in Adamawa,
North, West, South and South West Regions. The second phase of the project
kick-started in 2014-2016 and now covers all the ten regions of the country.
Over 2,000 producer groups have benefitted from the scheme, with 3,000 young
people receiving training in agro pastoral activities with 1,081 employed in the
sector. It also funds research on soil conservation in the northern part of the
country. Over 23 billion FCFA has been earmarked as funds for 5,200 projects for
the second phase of the project for the second phase of the project.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             June 1, 2016 Wednesday

Minor Spices Herb and Garden Rehabilitation

LENGTH: 585  words


Area Of Work:Climate Change Mitigation
Operational Phase:OP5-E
Grant Amount:US$ 26,485.00
Description : Minor Spices Co-operative (MSC) began operations in 1971 following
the initiative of the Grenada Christian Council which purchased and sold
unprocessed (raw) minor spices material from farmers within the State of
Grenada. The Board of directors took the initiative to market spices on behalf
of its membership which comprised a total of 3000 farmers. These spices include
pimento, (Pimenta dioica), cinnamon (Cinamomum zeylanicum), cloves (Syzygium
aromaticum), turmeric (Curcuma longa), ginger (Zingiber officinale) and Vanilla
bean (Vanilla planifolia). Cocoa and Nutmeg production was in high production
during the sixties and seventies prior the establishment of the processing plant
and tourist attraction and walking trails. At present theres just a few cocoa
and nutmeg trees standing as specimen for interpretation whenever tours are
conducted. The main focus at the site is the production of raw materials into
value-added products, its minimalistic herbal garden and physical therapeutic
and recreational loop trails.


In 1987, a study was done of the domestic market by the Caribbean Applied
Technology Limited (CATL) to better understand customers demand and the
viability of the product. Coming of studys findings some general recommendations
were made with the aim of strengthening the co-operative market position with
the following imperative goals in mind:
1. Increase production of value added products for local, regional and
international consumption at retail, commercial, and other industrial usage
2. promote use of spices to locals and visitors through aggressive
marketing/advertising, consumer education and gift packaging
3. Broadening the range of products offered by complementing the spices grown in
Grenada and those imported.
4. Establish production a unique spice product with a Laura Minor Spice brand.

The goal of the project is to provide visitors and locals alike with an
educational nature tour in a tranquil and peaceful eco-tourism setting;
providing them with an opportunity to explore and experience a variety of
natural (indigenous and exotic plants) resources within a healthy, friendly and
safe environmental landscape and developing a world renowned nature trail
services that meets or exceeds international standards thereby generating direct
and indirect employment opportunities; for rural poor thereby contributing to
poverty alleviation (reduction).

The objectives are as follows
Redesign and upgrade the existing trail and herbal and spice garden to meet
international standards aimed at provide a wow feeling and a greater educational
experience for all visitors.
Rehabilitate the nature trail surface and physical infrastructure (e.g.
safety-hand rails, rest benches etc.), reproduce all directional signage and
plant labels to meet international standards
rehabilitate the current nature trail surface, in
Project completion date : 2017-03-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : P.O. Box 3486
St. George's

Country :Grenada
Email : simonele@unops.org

Financier : GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT FACILITY (GEF),GLOBAL ENVIRONMENT FACILITY SMALL
GRANTS PROGRAMME (SGP),UNITED NATIONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMME (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)
One United Nations Plaza
10017
New York, NY
United States
Website : http://www.undp.org /


Telephone: +1 2129065000
Fax: +1 2129065364

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 18, 2009 Wednesday

Holt County breaks ground on courthouse annex: Construction will begin by April
1 on multi-use facility

BYLINE: Ray Scherer, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 433 words


Mar. 18--OREGON, Mo. -- Karma Metzgar scanned a crowd gathered outside the Holt
County Courthouse earlier this week to search for able-bodied volunteers.

"I really hope this many people show up on moving day," said Ms. Metzgar,
northwest regional director for University Extension.

She and other officials spoke before they broke ground for a new courthouse
annex. Work on the structure -- to be located on the east side of the square --
is set to begin by April 1 and could finish in time for September's fair, said
County Clerk Kathy Kunkel.

Presiding Commissioner Mark Sitherwood said the project was experiencing a delay
before the county settled on a cooperative plan among various agencies.

"We finally got this building project off the ground," he said. "We've gone
through numerous bid processes."

The multi-use center will house the county health department on the upper floor
and Extension offices on the lower level. Ms. Kunkel said an ad hoc emergency
operations center will be situated in a lower-level conference room that will
otherwise be used for 4-H and other programs.

Helsel Design and Construction of St. Joseph will construct the $431,000
building. A $297,000 Community Development Block Grant obtained through the
Northwest Regional Council of Governments is assisting the project.

"We often wonder what becomes of our tax dollars," said Arnold Kreek, the
council's economic development planner. "It took a lot of persistence."

Michael Goldschmidt, a University of Missouri professor, will donate nearly
$47,000 of in-kind services for designing the facility. Holt County itself will
supply in-kind labor in the form of basement work, painting, inspection and a
drainage grate in the lower driveway. The county's cash match will be used for a
$172,000 zero-interest loan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development program involving United Electric Cooperative as a pass-through.

All told, Ms. Kunkel said the building will amount to an investment of about
$500,000.

University Extension and the health department are currently located in rented
office space on the courthouse square, she said.

Ray Scherer can be reached at rscherer@npgco.com

To see more of the St. Joseph News-Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.stjoenews-press.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090318-JM-Holt-County-breaks-ground-on-courthouse-annex-0318

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2009 St. Joseph News-Press


                              860 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 8, 2014 Wednesday

SPEECH OF HON. BILL FLORES OF TEXAS IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TUESDAY,
JANUARY 7, 2014

LENGTH: 795  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the following Speech:

Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, whereas May 8, 2014 marks the centennial of the signing
of the Smith-Lever Act of 1914, which established Cooperative Extension, the
nationwide transformational education system operating through land-grant
universities in partnership with federal, state and local governments.

Whereas U.S. Senator Hoke Smith of Georgia and U.S. Representative A. F. Lever
of South Carolina authored the Smith-Lever Act to expand the ``vocational,
agricultural and home demonstration programs in rural America'' by bringing the
research-based knowledge of the land-grant universities to people where they
live and work.

Whereas Cooperative Extension is a critical component of the three-part land-
grant university mission and works collaboratively with research, particularly
the Agricultural Experiment Station System, and academic programs in 106
colleges and universities; including historically black, Native American and
Hispanic-serving institutions; in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and
six U.S. territories to reach traditional and underserved audiences in all
communities.

Whereas the Cooperative Extension System continues to receive federal
programmatic leadership and support enabled by the Smith Lever Act and other
legislation through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Institute of
Food and Agriculture.

Whereas Cooperative Extension's research-based education for farmers and
ranchers helped establish the United States as a leading agricultural-producing
nation in the world.

Whereas since 1924, when the clover emblem was adopted by USDA to represent 4-H,
Cooperative Extension's nationwide youth development program has reached
millions of youth and helped prepare them for responsible adulthood.

Whereas Cooperative Extension prepares people for healthy, productive lives
through sustained education, such as the Expanded

[Page: E11]  GPO's PDF

Food and Nutrition Education Program, breaking the cycle of poverty and reducing
expenditures for federal and state assistance programs.

Whereas Cooperative Extension provides rapid response to disasters and
emergencies through the Extension Disaster Education Network and other similar
efforts by providing real-time alerts and resources so Extension educators can
respond to urgent needs resulting from hurricanes, floods, oil spills, fire,
drought, pest outbreaks and infectious diseases affecting humans, livestock and
crops.

Whereas Cooperative Extension translates science-based research for practical
application through local and online learning networks where educators are
uniquely available to identify emerging research questions, connect with land-
grant university faculty to find answers and encourage application of findings
to improve economic and social conditions.

Whereas Cooperative Extension engages with rural and urban learners through
practical, community-based and online approaches, resulting in the acquisition
of knowledge, skills and motivation to strengthen the profitability of animal
and plant production systems, protect natural resources, help people make
healthful lifestyle choices, ensure a safe and abundant food supply, encourage
community vitality and grow the next generation of leaders.

Whereas many states and land-grant institutions are celebrating and
commemorating the centennial of the signing of the historic Act.

Therefore, be it resolved, that the United States House of Representatives:

Recognizes the significance of the Smith-Lever Act to the establishment of
Cooperative Extension nationwide.

Encourages the people of the United States to observe and celebrate the
centennial with a focus on launching an innovative and sustainable future for
Cooperative Extension.

Honors the university faculty and local educators who dedicate careers to
providing trusted education to help people, families, youth, businesses and
communities solve problems, develop skills and build a better future.

Expresses its appreciation to Cooperative Extension volunteers who provide
thousands of hours to promote excellence for 4-H, Master Gardeners, family and
consumer sciences and other programs in their communities.

Encourages the continued collaboration and cooperation among federal, state and
local governments to ensure Cooperative Extension's sustainability as the
nation's premiere nonformal educational network.

Celebrates the millions of youth, adults, families, farmers, ranchers, community
leaders and others who engage in Cooperative Extension learning opportunities
designed to extend knowledge and change lives.

For more information please visit: http://thomas.loc.gov/

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 8, 2014 Wednesday

SPEECH OF HON. BILL FLORES OF TEXAS IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TUESDAY,
JANUARY 7, 2014

LENGTH: 795  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the following Speech:

Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, whereas May 8, 2014 marks the centennial of the signing
of the Smith-Lever Act of 1914, which established Cooperative Extension, the
nationwide transformational education system operating through land-grant
universities in partnership with federal, state and local governments.

Whereas U.S. Senator Hoke Smith of Georgia and U.S. Representative A. F. Lever
of South Carolina authored the Smith-Lever Act to expand the ``vocational,
agricultural and home demonstration programs in rural America'' by bringing the
research-based knowledge of the land-grant universities to people where they
live and work.

Whereas Cooperative Extension is a critical component of the three-part land-
grant university mission and works collaboratively with research, particularly
the Agricultural Experiment Station System, and academic programs in 106
colleges and universities; including historically black, Native American and
Hispanic-serving institutions; in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and
six U.S. territories to reach traditional and underserved audiences in all
communities.

Whereas the Cooperative Extension System continues to receive federal
programmatic leadership and support enabled by the Smith Lever Act and other
legislation through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Institute of
Food and Agriculture.

Whereas Cooperative Extension's research-based education for farmers and
ranchers helped establish the United States as a leading agricultural-producing
nation in the world.

Whereas since 1924, when the clover emblem was adopted by USDA to represent 4-H,
Cooperative Extension's nationwide youth development program has reached
millions of youth and helped prepare them for responsible adulthood.

Whereas Cooperative Extension prepares people for healthy, productive lives
through sustained education, such as the Expanded

[Page: E11]  GPO's PDF

Food and Nutrition Education Program, breaking the cycle of poverty and reducing
expenditures for federal and state assistance programs.

Whereas Cooperative Extension provides rapid response to disasters and
emergencies through the Extension Disaster Education Network and other similar
efforts by providing real-time alerts and resources so Extension educators can
respond to urgent needs resulting from hurricanes, floods, oil spills, fire,
drought, pest outbreaks and infectious diseases affecting humans, livestock and
crops.

Whereas Cooperative Extension translates science-based research for practical
application through local and online learning networks where educators are
uniquely available to identify emerging research questions, connect with land-
grant university faculty to find answers and encourage application of findings
to improve economic and social conditions.

Whereas Cooperative Extension engages with rural and urban learners through
practical, community-based and online approaches, resulting in the acquisition
of knowledge, skills and motivation to strengthen the profitability of animal
and plant production systems, protect natural resources, help people make
healthful lifestyle choices, ensure a safe and abundant food supply, encourage
community vitality and grow the next generation of leaders.

Whereas many states and land-grant institutions are celebrating and
commemorating the centennial of the signing of the historic Act.

Therefore, be it resolved, that the United States House of Representatives:

Recognizes the significance of the Smith-Lever Act to the establishment of
Cooperative Extension nationwide.

Encourages the people of the United States to observe and celebrate the
centennial with a focus on launching an innovative and sustainable future for
Cooperative Extension.

Honors the university faculty and local educators who dedicate careers to
providing trusted education to help people, families, youth, businesses and
communities solve problems, develop skills and build a better future.

Expresses its appreciation to Cooperative Extension volunteers who provide
thousands of hours to promote excellence for 4-H, Master Gardeners, family and
consumer sciences and other programs in their communities.

Encourages the continued collaboration and cooperation among federal, state and
local governments to ensure Cooperative Extension's sustainability as the
nation's premiere nonformal educational network.

Celebrates the millions of youth, adults, families, farmers, ranchers, community
leaders and others who engage in Cooperative Extension learning opportunities
designed to extend knowledge and change lives.

For more information please visit: http://thomas.loc.gov/

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 6, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Renewable Energy Feasibility Studies Grants Under the Rural Energy for
America Program

LENGTH: 287  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Renewable Energy Feasibility Studies Grants Under the Rural Energy for America
Program
Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  April 30, 2013
Contact  A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Renewable Energy for America Program (REAP) Feasibility Study Grant assists
eligible applicants in completing a feasibility study for a Renewable Energy
System that can qualify for a REAP Renewable Energy System Grant and/or Loan
Guarantee application.

REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the nation's critical energy
needs.

Grantees should conduct feasibility studies for renewable energy systems that
will produce energy from wind, solar, biomass, geothermal, hydro power and
hydrogen-based sources. The energy to be produced includes, heat, electricity,
or fuel.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants are agricultural producers and rural small businesses. All
agricultural producers, including farmers and ranchers, who gain 50% or more of
their gross income from the agricultural operations are eligible. Small
businesses that are located in a rural area can also apply. Rural electric
cooperatives may also be eligible to apply.

Eligible technologies include: projects that produce energy from wind, solar,
biomass, geothermal, hydro power and hydrogen-based sources. All projects must
be located in a rural area and must be owned by the applicant.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Total Funding Available: $250,000

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Renewable Energy Feasibility Studies Grants Under the Rural Energy for
America Program

LENGTH: 287  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Renewable Energy Feasibility Studies Grants Under the Rural Energy for America
Program
Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  April 30, 2013
Contact  A list of state contacts is available on the program website.
Purpose

The Renewable Energy for America Program (REAP) Feasibility Study Grant assists
eligible applicants in completing a feasibility study for a Renewable Energy
System that can qualify for a REAP Renewable Energy System Grant and/or Loan
Guarantee application.

REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small businesses
reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the nation's critical energy
needs.

Grantees should conduct feasibility studies for renewable energy systems that
will produce energy from wind, solar, biomass, geothermal, hydro power and
hydrogen-based sources. The energy to be produced includes, heat, electricity,
or fuel.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants are agricultural producers and rural small businesses. All
agricultural producers, including farmers and ranchers, who gain 50% or more of
their gross income from the agricultural operations are eligible. Small
businesses that are located in a rural area can also apply. Rural electric
cooperatives may also be eligible to apply.

Eligible technologies include: projects that produce energy from wind, solar,
biomass, geothermal, hydro power and hydrogen-based sources. All projects must
be located in a rural area and must be owned by the applicant.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding  Total Funding Available: $250,000

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Rural Iron Range to get broadband boost

BYLINE: John Myers, Duluth News Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 858 words


Dec. 18--Efforts to bring fiber-optic cable for broadband high-speed Internet to
rural areas of the Iron Range will get a boost today from the Iron Range
Resources and Rehabilitation Board.

The IRRRB is set to approve a $1.5 million grant to White Township, part of a
$4.8 million project by Northeast Service Cooperative and Frontier
Communications to expand fiber-optic services across remote parts of the region.

The project will result in 97 miles of new cable directly serving 23 town halls
and fire halls, and will extend high-speed service to 2,262 Frontier subscribers
in 13 townships.

A total of 9,400 "underserved households" will have the opportunity to hook up
to Internet service offering speeds exceeding the state's goal as it seeks to
bring broadband to all residents in all regions.

The state Department of Employment and Economic Development is adding $2.4
million for the effort, with Frontier kicking in $750,000 and Northeast Service
Cooperative $150,000.

Townships served by the project include Birch Lake, Embarrass, Fall Lake,
Greenwood, Industrial, Kelsey, Morse, Northland, Silver Creek, Toivola, Waasa
and two unorganized townships in northern St. Louis County.

The fiber-optic grant is one of dozens totaling nearly $7.7 million expected to
be doled out by the Iron Range Resources and Rehabilitation Board today in
Eveleth. The grants for public works and economic development projects are
funded through the IRRRB's share of taconite tax revenue. The grants are
intended to help offset the cost of local projects so property owners don't have
to pay as much in taxes. They also are aimed at diversifying the Iron Range
economy.

The projects are allowed only in municipalities within the Taconite Tax Relief
Area.

The projects include $350,000 to the city of Ely as part of a $5.8 million
project to build a new,

120-unit student housing project to serve Vermilion Community College, which has
faced a shortage of dorm space for students.

The project is intended to replace 84 outdated units serving the campus. The
state community college system is adding $4.35 million for the project, along
with $1.1 million from the Minnesota Housing Finance Agency.

Other projects on the IRRRB funding list today include:

-- City of Aitkin: Infrastructure and site work for assisted-living facility,
$130,000

-- City of Aurora: Upgrade infrastructure on three streets and alleys, $150,000

-- City of Babbitt: Upgrade infrastructure on Elm Boulevard, $150,000

-- Balkan Township: Upgrade fiber to Balkan and French townships, $230,211

-- City of Biwabik: Upgrade infrastructure on Main Street, $150,000

-- City of Bovey: Upgrade infrastructure on three alleys, $120,000

-- Breitung Township: Upgrade infrastructure, $150,000

-- City of Buhl: Upgrade infrastructure on three avenues, $225,000

-- City of Calumet: Infrastructure on Mesabi Avenue water loop, $40,000

-- City of Chisholm: Upgrade infrastructure on Fourth Street, $245,000

-- City of Cohasset: Infrastructure and site work of industrial park, Phase II,
$250,000

-- City of Coleraine: Upgrade infrastructure on Hawkins Avenue, $169,700

-- Cook County Airport: Expand airport runway, $100,000

-- City of Crosby: Infrastructure and site work for lodging development,
$150,000

-- City of Ely: Upgrade airport runway, $150,000

-- City of Eveleth: Repair and renovate West Eveleth water tower, $200,000

-- City of Eveleth: Upgrade infrastructure on three streets, $150,000

-- Fayal Township: Upgrade sanitary sewer/lift station, $110,000

-- City of Gilbert: Extend waterline from Gilbert to McKinley, $223,000

-- Greenway Township: Infrastructure and site work for new joint emergency
services building, $100,000.

-- City of Hibbing: Infrastructure and site work for hotel development, $150,000

-- City of Hibbing: Infrastructure for Brooklyn Area Phase II, $250,000

-- City of Hoyt Lakes: Upgrade and replace storm water collection, Phase II,
$100,000

-- City of Keewatin: Upgrade infrastructure on Third Street South and two
alleys, $200,000

-- City of Keewatin: Infrastructure on Second and Third Avenue water loop
project Phase II, $20,000

-- City of LaPrairie: Infrastructure for two business expansions, $150,000

-- Lutsen Township: Upgrade golf course irrigation and infrastructure, Phase II,
$300,000

-- City of Marble: Replace waterline at five locations, $250,000

-- City of Mountain Iron: Replace storm sewer, $60,000

-- City of Mountain Iron: Replace force main for Mud Lake Road, $90,000

-- City of Nashwauk: Infrastructure on Platt Avenue, $83,000

-- City of Orr: Infrastructure on Highway 23, $53,099

-- Range Regional Airport: Expand new airport terminal, $250,000

-- City of Silver Bay: Upgrade wastewater treatment facility, $150,000

-- City of Taconite: Upgrade water infrastructure in Holman Addition, $100,000

-- Tofte Township: Infrastructure for housing project, Phase II, $120,000

-- City of Two Harbors: Infrastructure for business development, Phase II,
$150,000

-- White Township: Extend infrastructure in Gardendale area, $150,000

___ (c)2014 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141218-DU-Rural-Iron-Range-to-get-broadband-boost-1218-20141218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2014 Duluth News-Tribune


                              865 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               Lincolnshire Echo

                                 March 10, 2004

CASH FOR SOCIAL VENTURES

SECTION: News; Business; Economy; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 131 words


An organisation which aims to encourage people to set-up social enterprises has
received a £66,000 shot in the arm.  The money has been given to the
Lincolnshire Co-operative Development Agency by Lincolnshire Enterprise. And it
will be used to help create new ventures in the tourism, food, childcare and
environmental technology sectors.

News comes ahead of a major CDA event which is taking place at the University of
Lincoln tomorrow.

Lincolnshire Enterprise said co-operatives and community-based businesses can
help to stimulate the county's economy, especially in rural parts.  The CDA said
the money would go towards helping social enterprises with their business
planning, advice on access to grants and loans, their legal structure and
training.


LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2004 Lincolnshire Echo


                              866 of 998 DOCUMENTS



              The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 4, 2013

Grants offered for value-added ag ideas

BYLINE: The Lake Metigoshe Mirror staff

LENGTH: 191  words


Jasper Schneider, USDA Rural Development state director, announced that
applications are being accepted for grants to help agricultural producers enter
into value-added activities intended to give them a competitive business edge.

"The grant program creates new income opportunities for farmers, generates
wealth that will stay in rural communities and increases access to local foods
in underserved communities," said Schneider.

The funding is being made available through the Value-Added Producer Grant
program. The grants help create new products, expand marketing opportunities,
support further processing of existing goods, or to develop specialty and niche
products. Funding may be used for working capital and planning activities. The
maximum working capital grant is $200,000 and the maximum planning grant is
$75,000. Eligible applicants include: independent producers, farmer and rancher
cooperatives and agricultural producer groups.

Grant applications are due by February 24, 2014.

More information about how to apply is available at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP _VAPG.html or by calling the USDA Rural
Development office at 701-530-2037.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LMT

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2013 The Lake Metigoshe Mirror (Bottineau, North Dakota)


                              867 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             April 23, 2006 Sunday

Chinese villagers lease farmland to cooperative as part of rural reform

LENGTH: 727 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

Hefei, 23 April: Twenty-eight years ago, Guan Youjiang signed a secret agreement
under which Xiaogang villagers of East China's Anhui Province decided to divide
the then people's commune-owned farmland into pieces for individual households
to cultivate.

On Thursday [20 April], Guan, now 60, signed a very different agreement: to
lease his 0.13 hectares of farmland to the Xiaogang Village Development
Cooperative for an annual rent of 1,000 yuan (125 US dollars).

"Division of farmland helped my fellow countrymen become well-fed but did not
bring as much wealth as we had expected," said Guan, "Today, we are leasing our
farmland to the cooperative to explore a way that can lead us to prosperity."

Guan is one of the 23 Xiaogang villagers who signed the agreement on Thursday. A
total of 13.3 hectares of farmland will be leased to the village development
cooperative, funded by a Shanghai-based animal and poultry breeding company.

According to the agreement, the company will use the 13.3 hectares of farmland
to build a pig-breeding base and grow grass.

Villagers who have leased their farmland to the company will be paid 500 yuan
(62.5 US dollars) per 0.06 hectares of farmland and they can choose to find a
job elsewhere in China or in the company for a monthly salary of 600 yuan (about
75 US dollars).

The agreement is effective for 20 years and the content of the agreement and
standard of land rents will be adjusted every five years. Local villagers can
decide either to obtain dividends from the business by investing their farmland
or continue leasing their farmland to the company.

The practice will be a development of a contract system initiated 28 years ago
rather than being a throwback to a planned economy, said Lu Zixiu, an expert of
rural affairs in Anhui Province.

On one night in November 1978, 18 villagers at Xiaogang risked their lives to
sign a secret agreement which divided the then People's Commune-owned farmland
into pieces for each family to cultivate.

The practice was supported by Deng Xiaoping, chief architect of China's reform
and opening to the outside world, and recognized by the Chinese government.
Xiaogang has since been seen as the pace-setter for the nation's rural reform.

Allocating farmland to each household fired the locals' enthusiasm for
agriculture production, which had been contained in the outmoded planned
economy. The ensuing 1980s became a primary period for development in China's
rural areas, which once outperformed their urban peers.

However, since the beginning of the 1990s, rural areas have gradually lost their
lustre, along with flows of large amounts of resources, including labour force,
land and funds, to cities.

Located on the bank of the Huaihe River, the country's third largest river
haunted by frequent floods, Xiaogang village lacks resources for development.
The village did not become the "national model" in leading locals to wealth
through land division as people had expected. On the contrary, some Xiaogang
villagers still live a poor life today.

"Land division and the contract system did help release production forces, yet
farming individually will not grant the farmers a prosperous life," said Lu, the
expert of rural affairs.

Some experts suggested that farmers should combine forces to achieve the goal of
raising their income and improving their living standards.

Shen Hao, secretary of the Xiaogang village committee of the Chinese Communist
Party, expected more villagers would lease their farmland to the cooperative if
the first group of 23 farmers could obtain more profits from land leasing.

"We expect the Xiaogang village to witness another period of fast development,"
said Shen.

Yan Jinchang, 56, a villager who leased his 1.5 hectares of farmland to the
company, said he was confident in operation with the cooperative.

He plans to find a job in the company, which means an annual income of 7,200
yuan (900 US dollars) in addition to his income of 11,500 yuan (about 1,400 US
dollars) from leasing his farmland.

"More importantly, leasing my farmland to the cooperative helps reduce risks,"
Yan said.

According to the head of Xiaogang village, lease of the second batch of 13.3
hectares of farmland is now under discussion.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 0711 gmt 23 Apr 06

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2006 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Georgia: Cooperation for Rural Prosperity in Georgia

LENGTH: 535  words


Project details : This project aims to increase the income and living standard
of the Georgian rural population by reinvigorating agricultural productivity.
This will be achieved through the development of innovative and financially
sustainable models of cooperatives so that farmers are better able to reap
profits from their agricultural activities. It will address key barriers in
Georgias agricultural sector. As the main economic activity of half the
population, farming accounts for only 9% of GDP. Many farmers produce mostly or
exclusively for subsistence. Despite favourable natural resources in most parts
of Georgia, productivity is low as reflected in the fact that the value of
agricultural imports triples that of exports.


Most farmers are smallholders working on less than a hectare, often divided into
separate micro-plots. Fragmentation and resulting tiny outputs reduce access of
these farmers to both input and output markets and limits options, since
large-scale processors and marketers are not interested. With limited ability to
achieve economies of scale, farmers have little incentive to raise production or
increase quality. Most farmers also lack improved farming methods to do so.
Other barriers are limited access to services and finance, weak infrastructure,
especially for drainage in Guria and Samegrelo, unfavourable policies fostering
import and lack of entrepreneurship. Many farmers also fear losing state
anti-poverty subsidies ( social assistance ) if they produce more.
Rural poverty and low food-production will be addressed through identifying,
testing and validating new models of cooperative groups that have the capacity
to generate additional revenue for their members and are linked to wider
networks of service providers. The project provides basic support for business
planning to 60 cooperatives and intensified support, including grants, to 43
farmer groups with an estimated 860 members. Ultimately, 30 cooperatives with an
estimated 600 members will be successful and generate stable and increased
income to their members as a result of improved cooperation. Another target
group is the Georgian Farmers Association (GFA), a 2nd level entity to represent
and support farmer groups, whose capacities to represent and advocate for an
enabling policy framework for smallholder farmers will be enhanced. By the end
of the project, at least 6,000 members of GFA will benefit from the increased
capacity and efficacy of this umbrella organization. 600 farm households
(ca.2,400 people) will benefit from higher, more stable incomes and better
support systems if this project is implemented. They are the families of farmers
of the 30 groups expected to be successful in the long term.

Project completion date : 2017-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : CO-OPERATIVE FOR ASSISTANCE AND RELIEF EVERYWHERE, INC
(CARE)

Address : A-1080 Vienna,


Lange Gasse 30/4

Country :Austria
Email : care@care.at

Url : www.care.at

Financier : Austrian Development Agency (ADA),European Union (EU),

Financier address : European Union (EU)
Rue de la Loi 200/Wetstraat 200,


B-1049 Bruxelles/Brussels,


Belgium


Website : http://ec.europa.eu/
Tel: 32-2-2999696, 2993085


Fax: 32-2-2961749

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

New IFC law to replace ordinance

LENGTH: 634 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, March 17 -- The cabinet approved Monday a draft law that would
replace the existing International Finance Corporation Ordinance 1976.

The proposed law seeks to update some of its provisions.

The ordinance was promulgated during the martial law regime in 1976.

However, the draft law --- 'The International Finance Corporation Act-2015' ---
will be in Bangla.

The Supreme Court in 2010 declared the Fifth Amendment to the constitution
illegal. All the ordinances and martial law orders issued between 1975 and 1979
were ratified through the amendment.

All financial assistance from the International Finance Corporation will go into
a consolidated government fund before spending, according to a provision of the
new law related to the funding agency's local chapter.

It has also a provision that refuses to grant the IFC staff any "undue
privilege" under duty-free facility.

In another major legislative step, the government got cabinet seal of approved
on a draft law that brings informal cooperative activities under legal coverage.

The cabinet approved the proposed laws in its regular weekly meeting chaired by
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina at Bangladesh Secretariat.

"The proposed law is aimed at giving a new legal shape to the International
Finance Corporation Ordinance of 1976," cabinet secretary Muhammad Musharraf
Hossain Bhuiyan told journalists about the IFC law in the making.

He said the Economic Relations Division (ERD) under the Ministry of Finance
(MoF) placed the draft law in Bangla following a cabinet decision taken earlier.

Mr Bhuiyan said following recommendations of the National Board of Revenue
(NBR), a provision has been incorporated into the proposed law that would not
allow IFC officials to get any duty-free facility against different commodities
for their use.

The cabinet secretary said that under the proposed law all financial assistance
received from the IFC will be deposited into a consolidated fund of the
government. And any kind of subscription or payment to the IFC will also be made
from the consolidated fund.

He said Bangladesh Bank (BB) would be the custodian of all assets of the IFC in
the country.

The council of ministers also approved in principle the draft of 'The Bangladesh
Rural Development Board Act 2015' that provides for bringing cooperative
activities under a legal framework.

Activities of the cooperatives are now regulated through an ordinance.

The draft law suggests amending the existing ordinance to bring the activities
of the cooperatives under a legal framework.

The ordinance was also promulgated during the military regime in 1982 and became
defunct with the 2010 verdict of the Supreme Court declaring military rules
illegal.

The Department of Cooperatives now issues licences to Upazila Central
Cooperatives Association to run cooperative activities and the Bangladesh Rural
Development Board (BRDB) gives operational support to those, Mr Bhuiyan said in
explaining the changes to the cooperatives law.

He said a number of cooperative societies run their activities informally, with
the permission of BRDB.

"The proposed law has the provision of bringing those societies under a legal
framework," he said.

He said the draft law also has a provision of opening offices of BRDB at
divisional level along with the existing offices at national, district and
upazila levels.

The cabinet meeting was apprised of the visit of the foreign minister to the
United States on February 17-19 and participation of the minister in a
high-level meeting of the 28th session of the UN Human Rights Council held in
Geneva March 3-7.

talhabinhabib@yahoo.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Oklahoma: Rural economic development program seeking applications

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: Oklahoma city


Division of Agricultural Sciences and Natural Resources, The state of Oklahoma
has issued the following news release:

Communities interested in boosting their regional economic development prospects
should apply now for the Stronger Economies Together program.

A national initiative designed to potentially have a big impact on the state,
SET helps rural communities partner together to enhance regional economic
development opportunities. The program is offered through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development and Regional Rural Development Centers.

"SET helps communities think beyond their city and county borders to build
important relationships and identify key resources that can successfully drive
regional projects," said Dave Shideler, Oklahoma State University Cooperative
Extension community development specialist.

This is the third time Oklahoma has participated in the SET program. Currently,
18 counties in the state are actively involved in the initiative.

The 7-month program includes six coaching sessions covering an overview of the
region, team building exercises and a study of the region's economic climate and
potential resources.

Participating regions also will create a strategic plan that can be put into
action immediately, as well as have access to 40 hours of technical assistance
from the SET coaching team, including professionals from state and federal
agencies, OSU, Extension and other public and private organizations.

"Community leaders understand no project is successful without a plan. SET uses
the expertise of the USDA and Extension to help communities to gather the
necessary knowledge, skills and resources to build a solid plan and put it into
action," said Kathleen James, Oklahoma community and economic development
coordinator for USDA Rural Development. As an added benefit to participating in
SET, communities that complete the program tend to be in a good position to earn
grants and other types of support for needs they have identified.

"Part of the goal of the program is to create meaningful relationships across
communities, counties and organizations that have the potential to help regions
flourish economically," Shideler said. "Ultimately, that kind of growth is not
just good for the region, it's good for all of Oklahoma."Oklahoma State
University, U.S. Department of Agriculture, State and Local Governments
Cooperating: The Oklahoma Cooperative Extension Service offers its programs to
all eligible persons regardless of race, color, national origin, religion,
gender, age, disability, or status as a veteran, and is an equal opportunity
employer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

Funding Availability: Rural Energy for America Program for Federal Fiscal Year
2017; Correction

LENGTH: 1483  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Business
Cooperative Service (RBS)



  Action



 Notice; correction.

 Summary



 The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (the Agency) published a notice in the
Federal Register of October 18, 2016, announcing the acceptance of applications
for funds available under the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP) for Fiscal
Year (FY) 2017. The 2014 Farm Bill provides funding for the program for FY 2017.
This notice provides corrections to: Section III.

Eligibility Information, subsection D. Cost Sharing or Matching, paragraph (2)
to indicate that applicants that have been previously been awarded energy audit
or renewable energy development assistance grants and have not expended 50
percent of those funds are considered a "risk" pursuant to 2 CFR 200.205;
Section V. Application Review Information, subsection (B) Review and Selection
Process, paragraphs (1)(a) through (d), and paragraph (3) application window
closing dates of May 1, 2017 are being modified to March 31, 2017; Section V.
Application Review Information, subsection C. State Director and Administrator
Points, paragraph (1)(b)is replacing "will" with "may" to indicate that the
awarding of State Director and Administrator points is at the discretion of the
State Director or Administrator and to remove the last sentence of subparagraph
(b) because the Agency will use information provided in the application verses a
certification; and Section VIII. Other Information, subsection B.
Nondiscrimination Statement is being updated.

 For Further Information Contact



 For information about this Notice, please contact Maureen Hessel, Business Loan
and Grant Analyst, USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400 Independence
Avenue SW., Stop 3225, Room 6870, Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202)
401-0142. Email: maureen.hessel@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 This Notice makes certain corrections to the original Notice published on
October 18, 2016 at 81 Federal Register 71689. Unfortunately, the October 18,
2016 Notice did not reflect all of the changes made in clearance. This Notice
captures the omitted changes. In FR Doc. 2016-25163 of October 18, 2016 (81 FR
71689), make the following corrections:

 Summary of Changes



 1. In the first column on page 71691, Section III. Eligibility Information,
Subsection D. Cost Sharing or Matching, paragraph (2), the last sentence which
continues into the second column is replaced with the following text:



 An applicant who has received one or more grants under this program must have a
satisfactory history of performance which, as it relates to the expenditure of
grant funds, the Agency interprets as the expenditure of 50 percent or more of
the previously awarded grants by January 31, 2017. Those who cannot meet this
requirement will be determined to be a  "risk" pursuant to 2 CFR 200.205 and may
be denied a subsequent grant or have special conditions imposed.



 2. In the first column on page 71694, under Section V. Application Review
Information, subsection B. Review and Selection Process, subparagraph (1)(a) is
being revised to read as follows:



 (a) Funds for renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvements grants
of $20,000 or less will be allocated to the States. Eligible applications must
be submitted by October 31, 2016, or March 31, 2017, in order to be considered
for these set-aside funds. Approximately 50 percent of these funds will be made
available for those complete applications the Agency receives by October 31,
2016, and approximately 50 percent of the funds for those complete applications
the Agency receives by March 31, 2017. All unused State allocated funds for
grants of $20,000 or less will be pooled to the National Office.



 3. In the first column on page 71694, under Section V. Application Review
Information, subsection B. Review and Selection Process, subparagraph (1)(b) the
first sentence is being revised to read as follows:



 Eligible applications received by March 31, 2017, for renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements grants of $20,000 or less, that are not
funded by State allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete
against grant applications of $20,000 or less from other States at a national
competition.



 4. In the first column on page 71694, under Section V. Application Review
Information, subsection B. Review and Selection Process, subparagraph (1)(c) the
first sentence is revised to read as follows:



 Eligible applications for renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvements, regardless of the amount of the funding request, received by March
31, 2017, can compete for unrestricted grant funds.



 5. In the first column on page 71694, under Section V. Application Review
Information, subsection B. Review and Selection Process, subparagraph (1)(d) is
being revised to read as follows:



 (d) National unrestricted grant funds for all eligible renewable energy system
and energy efficiency improvements grant applications received by March 31,
2017, which include grants of $20,000 or less, that are not funded by State
allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against grant
applications from other States at a final national competition.



 6. In the second column on page 71694, under Section V. Application Review
Information, subsection B. Review and Selection Process, paragraph (3), the last
sentence is revised to read as follows:



 All unfunded eligible applications for combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications that are received by March 31, 2017, and that are not funded by
State allocations can be submitted to the National Office to compete against
other grant and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications from other
States at a final national competition.



 7. In the third column on page 71694, under Section V. Application Review
Information, subsection C. State Director and Administrator Points, is revised
to read as follows:



 The State Director and the Administrator may take into consideration paragraphs
V.C.(1) and (2) below in the awarding of points for eligible renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvement grant applications submitted in
Federal FY 2017:



 8. In the third column on page 71694, under Section V. Application Review
Information, subsection C. State Director and Administrator Points, subparagraph
(1)(b) is revised to read as follows:



 Owned by a member of a socially-disadvantaged group, which are groups whose
members have been subjected to racial, ethnic, or gender prejudice because of
their identity as members of a group without regard to their individual
qualities.



 9. In the first column on page 71696, under Section VIII. Other Information,
subsection B. Nondiscrimination Statement is revised to read as follows:



 In accordance with Federal civil rights law and USDA civil rights regulations
and policies, USDA, its Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions
participating in or administering USDA programs are prohibited from
discriminating based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender
identity (including gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age,
marital status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance
program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights
activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases
apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing deadlines vary by program
or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office, or
write a letter addressed to USDA providing all of the information requested in
the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit
your completed form or letter to USDA by:



 (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410;



 (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or



 (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.

 Dated: November 18, 2016.

 Samuel H. Rikkers,

 Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-28737 Filed 11-28-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                             March 15, 2015 Sunday

Bicol electric co-ops buck grant of franchise to a private firm

LENGTH: 425  words


ELECTRIC cooperatives in the Bicol region have expressed their opposition to a
House bill granting a private company a franchise to establish and operate a
distribution system "for the conveyance of electric power to the end-users in
the entire Bicol region."

Members of the Bicol Electric Cooperative Association Inc. (Beca), in their
resolution dated February 3 submitted to the lower chamber, said granting a
franchise to the Bicol Light and Power Corp.

as mandated by House Bill (HB) 4935 poses "a serious and present danger" to the
cooperatives, and may lead to massive displacement of their workforce, wastage
of assets funded by the government, depress growth in rural areas, and render
the National Electrification Administration (NEA) irrelevant.

"The passage of HB 4935 would surely result in higher power rates in the Bicol
region because the Bicol Light and Power Corp. (BLPC), being a private company,
is profit-oriented and is expected to add on profit to its power rates on top of
its recovery of the cost of development and maintenance of its power
infrastructure and operation and management of the company."

HB 4935 was filed on September 1, 2014, and was subsequently referred to the
Committee on Legislative Franchises last September 3.

Beca, composed of 12 electric cooperatives in the region, said through the NEA,
the cooperatives have been the pioneering implementing arm of the government in
its banner program of countryside development through total electrification of
the rural areas for more than four decades now.

Being nonprofit in nature, Beca said the cooperatives measure their power rates
strictly on the basis of their monthly operating cost, without any provision for
net margins. They are also service-oriented and missionary in nature, serving
even the thinly populated areas and geographically dispersed consumers in Bicol.

The passage of HB 4935, the group said, would pave the way for the
"corporatization" of all power utilities under the "opulent and powerful."

"The passage of HB 4935 would deny extension of lines to heretofore unenergized
areas and could even cut off electric lines to energized but far-flung barangays
and sitios due to high maintenance cost vis-AÂ -vis zero-profit margins, which
could result in stunted growth and development of the Bicol region," Beca said.

The cooperatives also fear that their right to exercise their franchise to
operate an electric power-distribution service in their respective franchise
areas up to the full term of their franchise may be unduly undermined by the
BLPC.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                            March 26, 2008 Wednesday

Farm communities get P125-M loans

BYLINE: By Ira Karen Apanay

LENGTH: 184 words


THE LandBank of the Philippines has extended more than P125 million in loans to
Agrarian Reform Communities (ARCs) nationwide under the Second Agrarian Reform
Communities Development Program (ARCDP2) through the Agri-Finance Solutions
(Agrisol) program, with more than 12,000 households reached.

LandBank President Gilda Pico said that over P125 million in loans were extended
to ARCs through various program conduits such as cooperatives and countryside
financial institutions, among others.

The amount represents 40 percent of the P317 million which the bank committed to
the program, while the number of borrowers represents 42 percent of the 28,800
borrowers targeted for the program. The World Bank extended P25.7 million as
grant to the program for the capacity-building of cooperatives.

Agrisol is a program jointly implemented by the bank and the Department of
Agrarian Reform thru the funding support of World Bank. It also aims to
strengthen the institutional viability of ARCs under the ARCPD2 of the Agrarian
Reform department, through enterprise-based and market-led financing
interventions.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Financing Agreements

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2008 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              874 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Robesonian (Lumberton North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

High speed Internet coming

BYLINE: Bob Shiles, The Robesonian, Lumberton, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 501 words


Jan. 05--LUMBERTON -- Two locally owned utility cooperatives, Lumbee River
Electric Membership Corporation and Horry Telephone Cooperative Inc., of Conway,
S.C., have joined together to bring broadband high speed Internet services to
Robeson County.

According to Walter White, LREMC's director of marketing and economic
development, his company is funding the broadband infrastructure project with
$20 million in American Recovery and Reinvestment Act funds -- better known as
stimulus money -- awarded in 2010 by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The
funding, White said, is 75 percent grant and 25 percent loan.

"The purpose of the project is to bring last mile-high speed Internet capability
to unserved and underserved areas of Robeson County. High-speed Internet is
needed to facilitate rural economic development," White said. "As important as
power is for economic development, high-speed Internet has become just as
important. Today, businesses locating to an area want to know if high-speed
Internet is available."

Completion of infrastructure construction in the part of Robeson County targeted
initially for service is expected to be finished by June. The funded service
area includes 173 square miles and passes by 11,384 households and 1,634
businesses.

Horry Telephone Cooperative is leasing the system in order to provide the most
advanced and variety of available broadband services. These include voice, data
and video, according to Tom Vitt, director of marketing. He said that the
services, marketed by his company in Robeson County through Bluewave
Communications, provides the "triple play" services of voice, data and video
that the traditional cable providers don't usually offer.

"These services are as good as any of those provided in metropolitan areas,"
Vitt said.

Both Vitt and White said that it will probably be a year or more before services
are available to all households and businesses located throughout the funded
service area.

"Our hope and desire is to eventually expand services beyond the initial funded
area," White said.

Currently, there are a couple dozen customers connected to the system. These
customers are in West Lumberton, in the area of Log and Lowe roads, moving
toward Saddletree, McDuffie Crossing and Raft Swamp. At this time, these areas
are the only ones where a customer could be hooked up immediately, Vitt said.

"There is still some construction going on in the other parts of the service
area that will be wrapped up soon," he said.

For those who are interested in seeing the services provided by Bluewave, a
demonstration center has been set up at the LREMC office at 301 Bailey Road in
Lumberton. The center is open weekdays during regular business hours.

Information about the project can also be obtained by visiting LRMEC's website
at www.lumbee river.com or Bluewave's website at www.htcbluewave.com.

___ (c)2015 The Robesonian (Lumberton, N.C.) Visit The Robesonian (Lumberton,
N.C.) at www.robesonian.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150105-QK-High-speed-Internet-coming-0105-20150105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QK


                         Copyright 2015 The Robesonian


                              875 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Virginia: USDA Announces Over $9 Million to Support Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers

LENGTH: 676  words

DATELINE: Richmond


Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has issued the
following news release:

Today, Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden announced over $9 million in grant funds
will soon be available for outreach and technical assistance to minority and
veteran farmers and ranchers. This funding will enable community-based
organizations, eligible higher education institutions and tribal organizations
to work directly with these groups to successfully acquire, own and operate
farms and ranches and to access all USDA programs and services. These funds are
being provided through the Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the
"2501 Program".

Through the 2501 Program, outreach and technical assistance is provided to
minority and veteran farmers and ranchers through partnering organizations,
including 1890 Land Grant Institutions, 1994 Land Grant Institutions, other
American Indian Tribal community colleges and Alaska Native cooperative
colleges, Hispanic-serving and other institutions of higher education, Tribal
governments and organizations, and community-based organizations.

"To stay competitive, America's farmers and ranchers must be diverse in
experience, background and skills. Every farmer and rancher has something to
contribute to America's agriculture. Community partnerships can help farmers and
ranchers reach their full potential," said Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden. "As
we celebrate the first anniversary of the 2014 Farm Bill, programs like these
are evidence that an investment in all of America's farmers and ranchers is an
investment in our future."

Applications for the 2501 program must be submitted through www.grants.gov. More
information about the 2501 Program, including forthcoming grant notice and
application deadlines is available at: http://www.outreach.usda.gov/grants/
index.htm.

The Deputy Secretary also announced the formation of a Socially Disadvantaged
Farmers and Ranchers Policy Research Center dedicated to collecting and
analyzing data, developing policy recommendations, and evaluating policy
concerning socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers including minorities,
veterans, and Native Americans. This one-time competitive program is open to any
eligible 1890 Land-Grant Institution interested in hosting the Center.

The Deputy Secretary made today's announcement at the Federation of Southern
Cooperatives, which was awarded a 2501 Grant last year to conduct training,
outreach, and technical assistance to minority and veteran farmers and ranchers.

Since 2010, the 2501 Program has distributed more than $66 million to 250
partners. The program is administered by the USDA's Office of Advocacy and
Outreach. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program and expanded assistance to
include military veterans.

The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the
past five years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in
savings for taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to
implement each provision of this critical legislation, including providing
disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools;
expanding access to rural credit; funding critical research; establishing
innovative public-private conservation partnerships; developing new markets for
rural-made products; and investing in infrastructure, housing and community
facilities to help improve quality of life in rural America. For more
information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    September 8, 1980, Monday, Final Edition

SECTION: Washington Business; INTERNATIONAL LENDING; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 615 words


Recent agreements by international lending and financial institutions based in
Washington include:
World Bank

A $10 million credit from the Internationla Development Association, a World
Bank affiliate, for a fisheries project in Kenya.

A $9 million IDA credit for a petroleum exploration promotion project in the
People's Democratic Republic of (South) Yemen.

A $15 million credit from IDA to help finance a project for improving living
conditions of low-income urban families in Burundi.  The project, located in the
capital of Bujumbura, will build and improve homes and construct three new
primary schools and renovate 11 others.

A $28 million loan for the construction or improvement of 465 kilometers of
roads in Honduras.  The program is designed to facilitate access to rural areas,
to protect past investments in the highway network and to continue institutional
improvements in highway administration.

Two loans totaling $55 million to help finance two development projects to
benefit farmers in Malaysia.  A $25 million loan will assist the rehabilitation
of self-help land-settlement schemes in the state of Kelantan.  The other loan
of $30 million will support the expansion of Malaysia's agricultural credit bank
to enable it to become the predominant public source of credit to the sector.
Export-Import Bank

A $4 million loan to Bank Handlowy w Warszawie, SA, Warsaw, to support the sale
of U.S. goods and services to Unitra, a foreign trading company established by
the Polish government.  The loan will assist in financing the $4.7 million U.S.
portion of the installation of an earth station used in satellite
communications.
Inter-American Development Bank

Financing equivalent to $500,000 to strengthen a network of small manufacturing
cooperatives in Jamaica.  The financing will be used by the Community Economic
Organization Co. Ltd., an agency of the Jamaican government that promotes and
finances small community enterprises.  The bank also approved a technical
cooperation grant of $27,000 to provide institutional support for the CEO.

Financing equivalent to $500,000 to help carry out a program of investments and
credits for small-scale fishermen in Georgetown, Guyana.  The financing was
extended to the Greater Georgetown Fishermen's Cooperative Society Ltd. and will
be used to provide credits to members and similar cooperatives to buy boats,
engines, nets and other fishing equipment.
Agency for International Development

Grants totaling $88.3 million to the government of Egypt for a variety of
projects including: improving and expanding capacity in local areas to plan,
manage, finance, implement and maintain locally chosen projects; improving
management in selected public and private sector business organizations; and
improving the Ministry of Agriculture's institutional capacity to develop and
carry out a continuing management training program within the agricultural
sector.

A $2.8 million loan to the Central Tunisia Development Authority to establish an
extension service support unit and develop a well-trained and supported
agriculture extension service.

A $500,000 grant to the government of Morocco to provide statistical services
and equipment in support of the 1981 census and follow-up demographic surveys.

A $21 million loan and a $2.5 million grant to the government of Jordan to
finance the improvement of the existing water distribution system and to
construct new wastewater collection and treatment facilities in Irbid.

A $1.6 million agreement to the American Near East Refugee Aid Foundation for
subprojects to assist West Bank/Gaza institutions and organizations.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                              877 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Virginia: USDA Announces Funding for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency
Projects

LENGTH: 842  words

DATELINE: Richmond


Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that rural agricultural
producers and small business owners can now apply for resources to purchase and
install renewable energy systems or make energy efficiency improvements. These
efforts help farmers, ranchers and other small business owners save money on
their energy bills, reduce America's dependence on foreign oil, support
America's clean energy economy, and cut carbon pollution. The resources
announced today are made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill.

"Developing renewable energy presents an enormous economic opportunity for rural
America," Vilsack said. "The funding we are making available will help farmers,
ranchers, business owners, tribal organizations and other entities incorporate
renewable energy and energy efficiency technology into their operations. Doing
so can help a business reduce energy use and costs while improving its bottom
line. While saving producers money and creating jobs, these investments reduce
dependence on foreign oil and cut carbon pollution as well."

USDA is making more than $280 million available to eligible applicants through
the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP). Application deadlines vary by
project type and the type of assistance requested. Details on how to apply are
on page 78029 of the December 29, 2014 Federal Register or are available by
contacting state Rural Development offices.

USDA is offering grants for up to 25 percent of total project costs and loan
guarantees for up to 75 percent of total project costs for renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvements. The REAP application window has been
expanded. USDA will now accept and review loan and grant applications
year-round.

Eligible renewable energy projects must incorporate commercially available
technology. This includes renewable energy from wind, solar, ocean, small
hydropower, hydrogen, geothermal and renewable biomass (including anaerobic
digesters). The maximum grant amount is $500,000, and the maximum loan amount is
$25 million per applicant.

Energy efficiency improvement projects eligible for REAP funding include
lighting, heating, cooling, ventilation, fans, automated controls and insulation
upgrades that reduce energy consumption. The maximum grant amount is $250,000,
and the maximum loan amount is $25 million per applicant.

USDA is offering a second type of grant to support organizations that help
farmers, ranchers and small businesses conduct energy audits and operate
renewable energy projects. Eligible applicants include: units of state, tribal
or local governments; colleges, universities and other institutions of higher
learning; rural electric cooperatives and public power entities, and
conservation and development districts. The maximum grant is $100,000.
Applications for these particular grants have been available since December 29
of last year and are due February 12.

The REAP program was created in the 2002 Farm Bill. Because of the success of
the program, Congress reauthorized it in the 2014 Farm Bill with guaranteed
funding of no less than $50 million in annual funding for the duration of the 5
year bill. The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America
over the past six years while achieving meaningful reform and billions of
dollars in savings for taxpayers.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded $545 million for more than 8,800 REAP projects
nationwide. This includes $361 million in REAP grants and loans for more than
2,900 renewable energy systems. When fully operational, these systems are
expected to generate more than 6 billion kilowatt hours annually - enough to
power more than 5.5 million homes for a year.

In 2013, owners of the Ideal Dairy restaurant in Richfield, Utah, used REAP
funding to install 80 solar modules and two 10-kilowatt inverters, which convert
energy from solar panels to electricity. The owners have saved, on average, $400
per month. These savings have helped them preserve their restaurant and
livelihood.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users.)

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Korea Times

                           September 3, 1999, Friday

Reform of Farm Products Distribution System Is Pressing Issue: Minister Kim

LENGTH: 589 words


   Reform of farm products distribution channel and New Round of WTO
multilateral trade negotiations are mountains to climb over from now on,
Agriculture and Forestry Minister Kim Sung-hoon said yesterday.

The legislation designed to integrate the three cooperative federations of
agriculture, livestock and ginseng is the start of reforming the distribution
system,'' Kim said on the occasion of his one and a half year's anniversary as
the agriculture minister.

He said that another pressing issue is how to cope with the New Round of
multilateral negotiations on free farm trade. The negotiations initiated by the
135-member World Trade Organization (WTO) will be in full swing for three years
with the ministerial conference taking place Nov. 30-Dec. 3 in Seattle.

Kim said, I will collect consensus from the people, farmers and civilian bodies
to minimize adverse impact on the domestic farmers and to cushion foreign
pressure. The upcoming negotiations will be harder than the previous Uruguay
Round negotiations.''Under the accord of the Uruguay Round negotiations, Korea
is to open its rice market to foreigners with the maximum access of up to 4
percent at normal tariff rate by 2004.

The ministry plans to discuss issues with representatives from some 60
agriculture-related organizations Monday, the first of its kind, to prepare for
the upcoming New Round deal.

He is proudest of the passage of the bill on the integration of the three
cooperatives federation at the extra session of the National Assembly last
month, during which National Livestock Cooperatives Federation's (NLCF) head
attempted suicide, opposing the legislation at the assembly building.

I am very pleased by the realization of the integration of the federations,
which had been attempted but failed on many occasions in the 50-year history of
the ministry. I am also pleased by the integration of the two similar water
distribution systems, the Rural Development Corp. and the Korea Farmland
Improvement Federation, which have been duplicated much,'' the 60-year-old
minister said.

I have realized that reform is far more difficult than a coup in the framework
of democracy and market economy,'' the professor-turned minister told reporters
about his experience.

Kim is the sole Cabinet member who remains at the post since the Kim Dae-jung
administration's first Cabinet was inaugurated March 3 last year.

As for the ultimate goal of the agricultural policy, Kim said, It is necessary
for farmers to obtain substantial benefit and to stand firm as an economic
identity amid toughening international competition.''He is determined to
introduce direct subsidy to rice farmers based on acreage.  Direct subsidy is an
option to encourage agriculture in rapidly changing world. I will also enhance
the ratio of organic farming products to the total to 3 percent by 2003 for the
health of the people,'' he said. The Agriculture Ministry is wrestling with
budget planning authorities on the introduction of the subsidy.

As non-bureacrat farm policymaker, Kim operated the touring minister's office on
80 occasions and appointed 21 one-day honorary agriculture ministers to carry
out on-site policies for the past one and a half years.

He offered slices of juicy pears to reporters, saying that the 30 boxes of pears
were airlifted at Kimpo for trial export to New Zealand yesterday afternoon.
When the prime minister visited Seoul in late July, New Zealand pledged to allow
imports of Korean pears starting September.

LOAD-DATE: September 03, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                          Copyright 1999 Hankook Ilbo


                              879 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Namibian (Windhoek)

                             April 19, 2011 Tuesday

Millennium Account Sponsors Agriculture Projects

BYLINE: Absalom Shigwedha

LENGTH: 409  words


THE Millennium Challenge Account (MCA) and the Ministry of Agriculture on
Wednesday gave seven agricultural grants totalling N$22,7 million to four
implementing agencies.

Under its Indigenous Natural Products Innovation Fund (INP), a grant of N$1 609
972 million was given to Rutgers University of New Jersey for the Inventory and
Rapid Throughput project while Phytotrade Africa was given a grant of N$2 387
500 for the Optimal Oil Processing Technology and Competitiveness project.

Phytotrade was also given N$2 424 469 for a project on marula fruit chemistry to
enable innovative commercial opportunities.

The Meat Board of Namibia was given a grant of N$1 685 500 for the development
of export opportunities of beef products from Caprivi, under the MCA's Livestock
Marketing Efficiency Fund (LMEF).

Komeho Namibia was granted N$1 864 501 under this fund for the development of
the livestock farming sector while Agra Cooperative Limited got N$8 809 378 to
do a baseline survey of animal nutrition in the Northern Communal Areas (NCAs).

The same cooperative also got N$3 952 080 to conduct an epidemiological and
parasite survey of livestock in the NCAs.

MCA Namibia said the primary aim of the INP fund is to ensure continued growth
in the sector by investing in new product applications and processing
innovations of indigenous natural products in Namibia.

The objective of the LMEF is to improve the incomes of livestock producers in
the NCAs and to ensure continued growth of the livestock sector through
improving livestock marketing and eliminating barriers to existing and new
markets.

The grants were signed by the Minister of Agriculture, John Mutorwa, and the US
Embassy Deputy Chief of Mission, Eva Rogers.

Mutorwa said the two programmes were very important as the livestock activity
seeks to bring the marketing opportunities for farmers who live north of the
Veterinary Cordon Fence closer to the opportunities farmers enjoy south of the
fence.

Rogers said MCC would help Namibia to build a strong economy that offers new
opportunities.

She said in the Agriculture Project alone, more than 750 000 Namibians will
benefit and their incomes are projected to increase by nearly US$32 million over
the next 20 years.

MCA-Namibia's manager for agriculture grants, Bernadette Bock, said the
sustainable development and expansion of natural resources sectors is crucial in
order to ensure that households continue to benefit and the environment is
sustained.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Irish News

                             March 6, 2008 Thursday

Business - £2.1m expansion puts success on a plate for Dale Farm

BYLINE: John Manley

SECTION: Pg. 56

LENGTH: 366 words


Dale Farm, the manufacturing arm of the north's largest dairy cooperative,
yesterday unveiled the latest phase of its Co Tyrone cheese processing plant.

The £2.1 million expansion of the company's Dunmanbridge facility near Cookstown
marks the completion of a three-year £5 million investment programme and brings
the plant's total cheddar cheese processing capability to 20,000 tonnes.

The latest upgrade has been supported by £700,000 of grant aid from the European
Union's Agricultural Processing and Marketing Grant Scheme.

The United Dairy Farmers-owned company, which also manufactures products under
the Dromona, Spelga, Loseley and Rowan Glen brands, has spent more than £35
million over the past five years developing its existing facilities and
acquiring new concerns in Britain.

Group chief executive David Dobbin said that in addition to significantly
increased cheese processing capacity, the additional investment in whey
processing facilities would allow Dale Farm to expand its food ingredients
offerings and lead to further improvements on its overall return.

"This investment is a key part of Dale Farm's strategy of growing in value-added
products, in particular in cheese products where there is growing demand, and
follows on from a recent investment in cheese packing and processing," Mr Dobbin
said.

"Dromona-branded cheese and butter products made with excellent-quality local
milk are enjoying good growth at home and in other markets and this investment
would provide much needed additional capacity."

Mr Dobbin said Dale Farm's "dual focus" strategy of developing consumer products
alongside food ingredients was proving very successful.

Agriculture and rural development minister Michelle Gildernew, who officially
opened the plant extension, said the investment demonstrated a high degree of
confidence in the north's dairy sector.

"I congratulate United Dairy Farmers and Dale Farm for their foresight and
commitment to the future of the local dairy industry, which makes such an
important contribution to employment and the future sustainability of rural
areas," she said.

Dale Farm parent company United has a turnover of around £300 million and
employs nearly 1,000 people.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Western Times (Queensland)

                               September 2, 2010

Spotlight on rural women

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 525  words


Women with ideas, enthusiasm and commitment have the chance to be recognised for
their contribution to Queesland's primary industries sector.

Applications for the annual Rural Industries Research and Development
Corporations' Rural Women's Award are now open.

Department of Employment, Economic Development and Innovation award co-ordinator
Natalie Schultz encourages women in the Charleville Quilpie, Blackall and
surrounding areas and from all rural industries, to apply.

"If you are passionate about making a difference to your industry or rural
community then you should apply," Ms Schultz said.

"The award process provides women with an important leadership and capacity
building opportunity.

"There will be four finalists, from which the state winner will be chosen."

Finalists have the opportunity to participate in a range of skill-building
workshops and meet the Minister for Primary Industries, Fisheries and Rural and
Regional Queensland, Tim Mulherin and senior DEEDI leaders.

The winner will receive a $10,000 bursary aimed at assisting them to develop
their skills and contribute to profitable and sustainable primary industries in
Queensland.

The bursary can be used for different purposes including international study
tours, training and website development.

Past winners and finalists have been proactive in the feedlot industry,
conservation, horticulture, sheep and cattle producing, wool growing, in sugar
and the kangaroo industry.

This year's winner is a partner in a macropod harvesting enterprise in southwest
Queensland Sharyn Garrett. She is using her bursary to develop a business
strategy for the Maranoa Kangaroo Harvesters and Growers Co-operative.

"Sharyn's project will review current operations and provide recommendations to
assist the co-operative to become an even more efficient and sustainable
operation," Ms Schultz said.

"The success of the co-operative will enable more effective kangaroo management
at a cross-property level, ensuring that the production objectives are met and
that total grazing pressure is alleviated."

This year's runner-up Jan Milburn said the award process was a useful way to
refine how to present yourself and your ideas.

She said her project aimed to create a fresh image for agriculture through
writing about sustainable food production in Australia and developing a web
platform linking existing food and industry information.

"The award also comes with an Australian Institute of Company Directors training
week in Canberra, which is a fabulous learning opportunity," Ms Milburn said.

"A highlight of the week was seeing how others operate and it was an opportunity
to interact with active, positive high-achieving women in agriculture.

"I encourage women to enter the program this year because it is a wonderful way
to develop yourself and your work."

Application for the 2011 Rural Women's Award, sponsored by DEEDI, close on
October 15, World Rural Women's Day.

For more information on the Award contact Ms Schultz on (07) 3239 3515, email
wiriu@deedi.qld.gov.au or visit www.ruralwomensaward.gov.au.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TWT


                    Copyright 2010 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

USDA Announces Funding for Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency Projects REAP
Program Reduces Energy Costs for Ag Producers and Small Businesses, Boosts
Economy, Reduces Dependence on Foreign Oil

LENGTH: 776  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued following press release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that rural agricultural
producers and small business owners can now apply for resources to purchase and
install renewable energy systems or make energy efficiency improvements. These
efforts help farmers, ranchers and other small business owners save money on
their energy bills, reduce America's dependence on foreign oil, support
America's clean energy economy, and cut carbon pollution. The resources
announced today are made possible by the 2014 Farm Bill.

"Developing renewable energy presents an enormous economic opportunity for rural
America," Vilsack said. "The funding we are making available will help farmers,
ranchers, business owners, tribal organizations and other entities incorporate
renewable energy and energy efficiency technology into their operations. Doing
so can help a business reduce energy use and costs while improving its bottom
line. While saving producers money and creating jobs, these investments reduce
dependence on foreign oil and cut carbon pollution as well."

USDA is making more than $280 million available to eligible applicants through
the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP). Application deadlines vary by
project type and the type of assistance requested. Details on how to apply are
on page 78029 of the December 29, 2014 Federal Register or are available by
contacting state Rural Development offices.

USDA is offering grants for up to 25 percent of total project costs and loan
guarantees for up to 75 percent of total project costs for renewable energy
systems and energy efficiency improvements. The REAP application window has been
expanded. USDA will now accept and review loan and grant applications
year-round.

Eligible renewable energy projects must incorporate commercially available
technology. This includes renewable energy from wind, solar, ocean, small
hydropower, hydrogen, geothermal and renewable biomass (including anaerobic
digesters). The maximum grant amount is $500,000, and the maximum loan amount is
$25 million per applicant.

Energy efficiency improvement projects eligible for REAP funding include
lighting, heating, cooling, ventilation, fans, automated controls and insulation
upgrades that reduce energy consumption. The maximum grant amount is $250,000,
and the maximum loan amount is $25 million per applicant.

USDA is offering a second type of grant to support organizations that help
farmers, ranchers and small businesses conduct energy audits and operate
renewable energy projects. Eligible applicants include: units of state, tribal
or local governments; colleges, universities and other institutions of higher
learning; rural electric cooperatives and public power entities, and
conservation and development districts. The maximum grant is $100,000.
Applications for these particular grants have been available since December 29
of last year and are due February 12.

The REAP program was created in the 2002 Farm Bill. Because of the success of
the program, Congress reauthorized it in the 2014 Farm Bill with guaranteed
funding of no less than $50 million in annual funding for the duration of the 5
year bill. The 2014 Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America
over the past six years while achieving meaningful reform and billions of
dollars in savings for taxpayers.

Since 2009, USDA has awarded $545 million for more than 8,800 REAP projects
nationwide. This includes $361 million in REAP grants and loans for more than
2,900 renewable energy systems. When fully operational, these systems are
expected to generate more than 6 billion kilowatt hours annually - enough to
power more than 5.5 million homes for a year.

In 2013, owners of the Ideal Dairy restaurant in Richfield, Utah, used REAP
funding to install 80 solar modules and two 10-kilowatt inverters, which convert
energy from solar panels to electricity. The owners have saved, on average, $400
per month. These savings have helped them preserve their restaurant and
livelihood.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Garhwal Post (India)

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday

NABARD's initiatives boosted development in U'khand: Selvaraj

LENGTH: 346 words

DATELINE: DEHRADUN


DEHRADUN, April 4 -- NABARD officers revealed their achievements for the
financial year 2012-13 at a press conference held, here, today. They also spoke
about various loans provided to different sectors in the state for their
development.Speaking to the media, Chief General Manager S Selvaraj disclosed
that NABARD took the initiative for introducing CBS in all cooperative banks of
Uttarakhand. As many as 67 branches of Cooperative Banks now worked on the CBS
platform.

Well equipped Computer Labs in each cooperative bank were established with Rs
63.13 lakh granted by NABARD.He further disclosed that NABARD introduced the
scheme of converting PACS as Multi service centres to enhance service to their
members. The scheme is a mix of Loans and Grants. As many as 81 PACS had been
sanctioned financial assistance of Rs 3.09 crore out of which Rs 1.77 crore had
been released, so far.The activities covered included pick up vans, agri
equipment, consumer/solar retail stores, godowns, etc. NABARD is an implementing
agency for implementation of the Handloom Package introduced by GOI. Rs 13.28
lakhs had been released for recapitalisation of M/s Uphar Hathkargaha Udhyog
Sahkari Samiti, Rudraprayag under the package, and Rs 17.62 lakh released as
debt waiver to 46 eligible individual weavers pertaining to 6 banks.For the
Rural infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF), Rs 440 crore had been disbursed
for new and ongoing projects. Rs 367.17 crore had been sanctioned to Government
of Uttarakhand which included 89 roads, 19 bridges, and 5 irrigation projects.
Major roads included the Pokhri-Mergaon motor road in Almora, Ghat-Sutol-Kanol
road in Chamoli, a 392 mt span from Kudkawa to Bihargarhi bridge in Haridwar,
renovation and restoration of the Tumaria Dam in Udham Singh Nagar, construction
of Painagad (2 x 4500 KW) and Suringad (2 x 2500 KW) small Hydro Power Projects.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Garhwal Post. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Garhwal Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           January 24, 2015 Saturday

Ban on farm loan recovery may hit Maharashtra DCCBs

BYLINE: Shishir Arya

SECTION: NAGPUR

LENGTH: 487 words


NAGPUR: The state government's order to stop recovery of farm loans in 23,000
villages declared drought hit can leave the district central cooperative banks
(DCCBs) affected, state minister for cooperatives Chandrakant Patil told TOI. It
has become a routine practice to issue such orders after a dry spell or floods,
covering villages where crop survey shows the output dipping below 50% of the
average. The latest directives were issued on Wednesday.

Patil has expressed concern over the government resolution (GR), which calls for
extending the term for all short-term loans doled out in villages to the next
midterm, and stopping recovery of farm loans. A large number of villages
declared as scarcity-hit are from Vidarbha and Marathwada regions. All the
villages in Yavatmal, Nagpur and Buldhana districts have been declared
scarcity-hit.

The minister said mitigation measures for the scarcity hit villages are
justified but the banks too are likely to face a crisis. There are 31 DCCBs in
the state, of which 19-20, including those from Vidarbha, may be directly hit by
the decision. The DCCBs form part of the three-tier farm credit structure in the
state's cooperative sector. The loans are routed from National Bank for
Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) to Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank
(MSCB), which in turn lends to the DCCBs to provide credit to farmers.

The minister said there has to be some assistance to the banks from the
government to fill the gap on account of delayed payments. The assistance could
be from both, the state as well as centre. State finance minister Sudhir
Mungantiwar, however, said there is no likelihood of a major burden on the banks
as only forceful recovery has been stopped. There is no bar on voluntary
repayment.

In Vidarbha, DCCBs of Nagpur, Wardha and Buldhana have been out of business due
to a financial crisis. A source in the Nagpur bank said in such cases the
one-year repayment period is extended to three. However, timely repayment also
ensures nil interest on account of government subsidy.

So, it has often happened that farmers even in scarcity-hit districts pay the
loans in time rather than paying interest after getting an extension. In the
past, when Mouda tehsil was declared scarcity-hit with the tenure being
extended, over 90% of the farmers paid back in time instead of opting for an
extension.

Farm activist Kishore Tiwari said the banks need funds to keep the cycle
running. Unless there are enough recoveries, a bank does not have enough funds
to dole out fresh loans.

In a nutshell

*23,000 villages declared scarcity-hit in Vidarbha, Marathwada

*Govt has extended term of farm loans in all these villages

*DCCBs would not have funds to give fresh loans if farmers do not pay earlier
loans on time

*Banks may ask govt for funds, but none are forthcoming

*However, farmers may still pay to avoid paying higher interest

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 998 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 10, 2010 Friday

Grant, loan to be used for water lines

BYLINE: Phil Sarata, The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 439 words


Sept. 10--A water line project will receive additional funding from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture following unanimous acceptance of the money by
Orangeburg County Council Tuesday.

USDA Rural Development will award $5.6 million for the new construction in the
Global Logistics Triangle. The water lines will run along Highway 210 from
Interstate 26 to Highway 15 near Santee, and along Highway 176 from the Matthews
Industrial Park to exits 90 and 93 on Interstate 95.

Orangeburg County Administrator Bill Clark said the total represents a mix of
grant money and a 40-year loan of $2.8 million. The debt will be retired through
user fees and money from the capital projects sales tax.

"There will be sufficient money available through the second capital sales tax
to complete the construction, with or without approval of the third penny
referendum," Clark said. "There is no penalty for pre-payment."

Council also unanimously approved $5,000 for the purchase of .03 acres of land
on Homestead Road for use as a water meter station. The facility will monitor
water being supplied by the Lake Marion Regional Water Plant to the Town of
Bowman's water system.

Clark said the money will come from county funds.

"The county will own that water line once it's completed," Clark said.

In other action council:

--Gave unanimous third and final reading approval to an ordinance authorizing
the county to enter a loan agreement with Tri-County Electric Cooperative. The
county will forward the loan to Jafza South Carolina, LLC to pay for a building
at its Santee location. No changes were added since second reading approval.

--Accepted the nomination of Rosa Kennedy to the county Tax and Tourism Advisory
Committee and Mae Tobin to the county Disabilities and Special Needs Board.

--Unanimously approved Tax and Tourism Committee's recommendations to award
$61,350 in requests out of $79,938 available.

--Unanimously approved accepting Jamaica Lane into the county maintenance
system. Two other requests, for Pamela Lane's acceptance into the system and
abandonment of county maintenance on Graveyard Rock Road, were sent to the
Public Works Committee for further consideration.

To see more of The Times and Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.timesanddemocrat.com . Copyright (c) 2010, The Times and Democrat,
Orangeburg, S.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100910-GG-Grant-loan-to-be-used-for-water-lines-20100910

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2010 The Times and Democrat


                              886 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            March 15, 2014 Saturday

Empowerment of smallholder farmers through conservation farming and enterprise
development

LENGTH: 497  words


Project Number: MLW/SGP/OP5/Y3/CORE/LD/2013/02
Country: Malawi
Area Of Work: Land Degradation
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 45,000.00
Co-Financing Cash: US$ 8,529.41
Start Date: 9/2013
End Date: 8/2015
Status: Not active yet
Project Description: Matamangwe Producers and Marketing Farmers Cooperative is
situated in Dowa District, Traditional Authorities of Msakambewa with 2,000
smallholder farmers.The project area is a rural setting with arable lands
partitioned into individual farmer plots interspersed with living quarters of
different households.The area has a perennial river flowing through that allows
for dambo cultivation throughout the year.


The primary focus area is Land Degradation and sustainable Forest Management,to
be addressed through training and farmers adoption of land use
management,conservation farming system and community woodlot development.
The overall goal of the project is to create a sustainable environment by the
farmers club members and empower them with value adding Vita-Goat technology to
provide value added food for food security in their communities and improve
quality of life.
Grantee:  Matamangwe Farmers Cooperative
Organisation Mission : For GEF SGP, the community-based approach is the
cornerstone for addressing local and global environmental and sustainable
development challenges. SGP provides grants to civil society organizations
(CSOs), notably national and local non-governmental organizations (NGOs),
community-based organizations (CBOs), and indigenous peoples organizations. SGP
grantees may also include other not-for-profit organizations such as
professional associations, unions and other civil society groups.
By enabling a direct connection between sustainable livelihoods and the
generation of local and global livelihoods, SGP empowers communities to act and
participate in their own development and hence ensures community ownership and
impact. Over the course of the last 20 years, SGP has provided grants to over
12,000 grantees with 64 percent of grants channeled to NGOs, 34 percent to CBOs,
and 2 percent to other not-for-profit organizations. More than 60 percent of
projects have directly benefitted communities either through direct grants to
CBOs or through other NGOs and CSOs working with communities.
Project Partner :
GEF Secretariat
1818 H Street, NW, Mail Stop P4-400
Washington, DC 20433 USA
Tel: (202) 473-0508
Fax: (202) 522-3240/3245
Email: secretariat@thegef.org

Project completion date : 2015-08-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : c/o UNDP Malawi,
Plot 7 Area 40,
P.O. Box 30135,
LILONGWE 3, Africa, 265
Attn:  Ms Nyembezi JENDA

Country :Malawi
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017
Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000
Call: +1 (212) 963-1234
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Oklahoma: Rural economic development program seeking applications

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: Oklahoma city


Division of Agricultural Sciences and Natural Resources, The state of Oklahoma
has issued the following news release:

Communities interested in boosting their regional economic development prospects
should apply now for the Stronger Economies Together program.

A national initiative designed to potentially have a big impact on the state,
SET helps rural communities partner together to enhance regional economic
development opportunities. The program is offered through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development and Regional Rural Development Centers.

"SET helps communities think beyond their city and county borders to build
important relationships and identify key resources that can successfully drive
regional projects," said Dave Shideler, Oklahoma State University Cooperative
Extension community development specialist.

This is the third time Oklahoma has participated in the SET program. Currently,
18 counties in the state are actively involved in the initiative.

The 7-month program includes six coaching sessions covering an overview of the
region, team building exercises and a study of the region's economic climate and
potential resources.

Participating regions also will create a strategic plan that can be put into
action immediately, as well as have access to 40 hours of technical assistance
from the SET coaching team, including professionals from state and federal
agencies, OSU, Extension and other public and private organizations.

"Community leaders understand no project is successful without a plan. SET uses
the expertise of the USDA and Extension to help communities to gather the
necessary knowledge, skills and resources to build a solid plan and put it into
action," said Kathleen James, Oklahoma community and economic development
coordinator for USDA Rural Development. As an added benefit to participating in
SET, communities that complete the program tend to be in a good position to earn
grants and other types of support for needs they have identified.

"Part of the goal of the program is to create meaningful relationships across
communities, counties and organizations that have the potential to help regions
flourish economically," Shideler said. "Ultimately, that kind of growth is not
just good for the region, it's good for all of Oklahoma."Oklahoma State
University, U.S. Department of Agriculture, State and Local Governments
Cooperating: The Oklahoma Cooperative Extension Service offers its programs to
all eligible persons regardless of race, color, national origin, religion,
gender, age, disability, or status as a veteran, and is an equal opportunity
employer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Northern Star (Clinton, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 12, 2015

Federated Plans Meetings in March On Broadband for Big Stone Co.

BYLINE: The Northern Star staff

LENGTH: 724  words


Federated Telephone, which has received national recognition for their sustained
excellence in service delivery and business transformation due to their
Fiber-to-the-Premise deployments with an infrastructure that essentially knows
no limits, has been awarded a Border-to-Border Broadband Development Grant from
the State of Minnesota.

With a goal of ensuring homes, schools, hospitals and businesses in the State of
Minnesota have access to the technology and information resources they need, the
Office of Broadband Development was tasked with overseeing and establishing the
$20 Million Border-to-Border Grant Program.

Through this program, Federated Telephone will receive up to $3.9 Million in
grant dollars, and will provide a minimum 51% match in funding to build out
underserved areas of Big Stone County. Federated will be working with Big Stone
County to secure the funding for the match. Big Stone County has worked together
with Federated to make it possible for Federated to apply and receive the State
Grant.

Construction of the new Fiber-to-the-Premise network will begin in the fall of
2015 for most areas of Big Stone County. Underserved areas are defined as those
areas who do not have access to a wireline Internet connection of 4 Mbps
download and 1 Mbps upload. Areas within Big Stone County that have been
identified as sufficiently served and do not qualify for construction funding
under the terms of the Border-to-Border Grant are Clinton, Graceville and
Ortonville communities.

This project will add 341 square miles to Federated's service territory which
will grow the total square miles served to 1,417.

Federated Telephone's fiber construction began in 1997 when they were chosen to
conduct an RUS field trial to test the use of fiber optics for deploying
telephone, Internet and Cable TV services. While the initial trial was a
failure, the replacement equipment worked and the cooperative has self-funded
fiber projects since 2000. In 2009, Federated Telephone became the first rural
telecommunications cooperative in America to complete a 100%
Fiber-to-the-Premise network to their members!

Consumers are familiar with the terms "cable modem" and "digital subscriber
line" (DSL); but the highest quality and fastest connection is provided with
Fiber-to-the-Premise technology. Federated Telephone has invested in the
communities they serve and has constructed a complete fiber network for their
members.

Readers who are familiar with telecommunication services may be wondering if
they are reading this correctly - that residents in rural west central Minnesota
have access to this superior technology. The answer is yes! Federated Telephone
members have a technology that is second to none.

Nationwide, telecommunication consumers are demanding higher speed access to the
Internet. However, the download speed isn't the only exciting part of having a
fiber Internet connection, upload speeds are a very important part of Internet
usage as well. Upload speeds are the speeds at which you can upload information
to the Internet. If you use Skype, Face-time, online gaming, picture sharing or
online computer back up sites then upload speeds are a key part of your Internet
experience. When residents bundle their phone and Internet with Federated
Telephone, they receive 20M symmetrical fiber fast Internet services.

Federated Telephone's goal is to provide their members with an outstanding
service experience while leading them through the evolution of technology.
"Telecommunication Industry experts regard Federated Telephone as being a leader
in Fiber-to-the-Premise technology", said Kevin Beyer, General Manager of
Federated Telephone Cooperative. Beyer continued "And now Federated Telephone
will expand our service territory to our friends and neighbors in Big Stone
County with a fiber to the premise network that provides the highest level of
communication services available".

Federated will hold Open House informational meetings in March which will allow
residents and business owners in Big Stone County an opportunity to learn more
about this project and how they can benefit from the new fiber network. Property
owners are also encouraged to attend to ask questions about the construction
process. Watch your local paper or listen to your local radio stations for more
details about the informational meetning

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NRS

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 The Northern Star


                              889 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                           May 24, 1994, CITY EDITION

Even Biddy and Miley are at it

BYLINE: By KATIE DONOVAN

SECTION: NEWS FEATURES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1929 words


THE mouldering old conservatory has been revamped into a bright tea-room, a
hayloft has been renovated to house a museum, the shady dairy and its bulky
churn have been scrubbed clean.

With the help of an EU LEADER programme grant, the finishing touches are being
put to my father's first venture into rural tourism on his farm in north Co
Wexford.

But it's not just him. This sort of work is going on all over the country.
Agri-tourism has taken off even Biddy and Miley are at it.  "Many farmers are
finding that their holdings are no longer viable, and they are being encouraged
to diversify," says Richie Flynn, a spokesman for the Irish Farmers'
Association. "Under the 1992 diversification of CAP reform, there are new grants
available to encourage farmers to get involved in tourism. EU LEADER funding is
also available in certain areas."

"Irish agri-tourism began in a narrow based way in the 1960s with farmhouse
B&B," explains Gerry Gunning, executive secretary of the rural development
section of the IFA. "In the late 1980s, the IFA and other organisations such as
Teagasc and Bord Failte encouraged the concept of broadening that base, with
ideas such as self catering accommodation, campsites, museums, walking tours and
craft demonstrations."

Tourism, adds Gerry, can represent an important extra income of, on average, a
third of the total farm income. We've got to realise, that farm incomes are
under pressure, he says. Farmers must look beyond traditional farming
enterprises and do some lateral thinking about how to exploit their resources.

He notes that the number of farmers involved in tourism in Ireland is still
relatively small, with about 3,000 to 4,000 involved out of a total of 50,000,
as compared to France or the UK, where one in every 10 farmers has some kind of
tourism venture on the go.

He says that, here, the bigger farmers who have larger houses for guest
accommodation and extra finance to build up tourism schemes tend to be the ones
who get involved first.

"We'd like to see the smaller farmers who really need extra income get involved,
but it is pointless unless they have an excellent product and some money to
invest, as most grants are only for between 20 and 50 per cent of the total cost
of any given scheme," he observes. "But if the person has the resources and the
capability to market a worthwhile product, then we would encourage him to meet
the challenge and develop it."

A co-ordinated approach to the marketing of rural tourism has been taken in the
form of the National Rural Tourism Co-operative, founded in 1990. "The
co-operative is an amalgam of 13 community groups countrywide packaging
accommodation and activities for tourists," explains John Burke, who is the
current chair of the co-operative, which produces a brochure entitled Irish
Country Holidays and has employed a full-time marketing person since 1992.

"Each of the communities involved has identified its resources and potential and
beamed in on strategic marketing points, explains John.

He gives his own Co Roscommon community group as an example: "We have a unique
area here, untouched by commercialism. A lot of people are looking for such a
place, a quiet haven which is not inundated with tourists." The sort of
holiday-makers who are attracted to Roscommonare, he says, very health and
environment conscious: "They want a stress-free holiday with lots of walking and
cycling."

John's own enterprise comprises farmhouse accommodation in his Georgian house on
90 acres, once the home of actress Maureen O'Sullivan. As the house is on the
shores of Lough Key and the Boyle River, guests can hire fishing boats, or go
for only rides on the resident farm ponies. John keeps cattle, suckling cows and
sheep on the farm.

Mairin Ni Mhurctiu is from Mayo secretary of the National Rural Tourism
Co-operative, she is part of the Iorrais Domhnach Co-op group. Although she does
not own a farm, she lives in a rural area and works closely with many
neighbouring farmers to promote tourism.

A SIX MONTH Teagasc' training programme in Erris involved a resource audit of
the area", explains Mairin. "We became aware of the richness of the wildlife
here. It is one of the largest area of sand dunes in the country. We have small
farmers who still use traditional methods, like hand cutting turf and hand
milking cows. We realised that this would appeal to a certain kind of tourist,"
she says.

A variety of schemes have evolved: "John Reilly, a local farmer, bought a farm a
river running through it. It was very pretty, with rhododendrons everywhere. Our
Teagasc rural development officer, Seamus O Mongin, suggested he turn it into a
visitor farm. The result is magnificent a tearoom with an open fire and old
furniture" says Mairin.

Other local ventures include a woman who gives boxty making demonstrations, a
pony-trekking centre, a golf course on the Mullet Peninsula a nursery and an
oyster farm open to visitors.

"The local farmers have a market where they can sell their home produce to the
visitors, like eggs, country butter, home-grown vegetables. A number of local
farmers, male and female, knit Aran jumpers, which the tourists buy also. It is
a way for the farmers to hang on to their traditional way of farming while
having a chance to augment their income", notes Mairin.

Mairin has spearheaded her own venture which has garnered her the 1993 Mayo
Enterprise Award for the best tourism project. In 1992 she opened the Ten
Degrees West Adventure Centre at Elly Bay which specialises in teaching Irish
through the medium of water sports, but also teaches local fishermen how to
swim.

Mairin was helped by Udaras na Gaeltachta with a grant and facilities, as well
as getting grant aid from the local EU LEADER programme and from Mayo County
Development Team. She believes that living in the Gaeltacht is a distinct
advantage in terms of the increased availability of grant aid, as well as the
fact that visitors are naturally attracted to an area where Irish is-spoken.

Another area where agri-tourism has a natural advantage is the already popular
tourist destination of Co Wicklow, with its mountains coastline and proximity to
Dublin. Mary Byrne has turned her 19th-century home, near Glenealy, into a
guesthouse. Her husband, Charlie, farms their 275-acre farm with sheep and dairy
cattle, but the income from the guesthouse represents, says Mary, nearly half
their total income.

Mary has been in business for 26 years, starting small when she was a young
mother with only three guest rooms to offer, building her business up slowly and
borrowing gradually all along. She now has eight guest bedrooms, each with an en
suite bathroom. She offers a five-course dinner in the evenings, and she has a
wine licence.

There is an all weather tennis court for guests (half funded by an EU
agri-tourism grant). She offers special week long cycling and walking holidays
where guests are transported to various destinations in Co Wicklow. She has
recently established an orienteering course for beginners, and she has produced
her own illustrated guide to a variety of Co Wicklow walks which she gives to
all her guests.

"I realised about 10 years ago that people were beginning to look for
activity-based holidays. They were becoming more health-conscious. They wanted
to get out in the fresh air and leave the city stress behind. First it was the
overseas guests, especially the Germans, who wanted to go walking. But then the
Irish began to want the same. People kept saying to me what lovely walking
country it was around here. That's when I decided to organise a proper walking
holiday, with a suet programme for each day and maps," explains Mary.

She notes that visitors also love exploring the farm: "Germans and Americans
like to find out about the running of the farm, the sheep-shearing, the pet
lambs, and the baby calves.

MARTIN PHELAN has an 85-acre farm in Co Laois, where he keeps sheep and heifers
and grows sugar-beet. He is turning some old stone farm out buildings into
self-catering accommodation. "There's an old stable, a coach house and a number
of grain lofts. They are obsolete for modern-day farming. Nowadays grain is
drawn and stored in ventilated tanks, says Martin. Empty since the 1970s the
buildings have now been transformed into a hostel.

"I asked an architect to design the accommodation, explains Martin. "We
repainted the stone walls, kept the open fire laces and old archways, and put in
oil fired central heating. We put quarry tiles on the floor downstairs, and
timber floors upstairs."

He got an EU LEADER grant for 40 per cent of his costs, but there was an
unforeseen outlay of Pounds 5,000 necessary to all the other early warning
systems for fire that you would find in a five-star hotel. He raised the money
for the scheme by selling off machinery, taking out a loan and using savings.

Before he settled into firming, Martin worked in the hotel business in the
United States, an experience which he believes will now prove to be invaluable.
He always felt that Laois had an unspoilt beauty that tourists would appreciate.
On a trip to Britain he saw many farm schemes-where farmers had successfully
converted old barns into hostels.

HE believes that he is placed in ideal circumstances for visitors, with Kilkenny
city only 20 miles away, Grantstown Lake (to be opened for fishing this summer)
close by, and Abbeyleix Golf Club only five miles down the road. The biggest
lesson he has learnt so far is the importance of marketing. "I'm not used to
that, I'm used to taking my animals to the mart and the buyer is there, there's
no need for marketing. But with my new scheme, proper marketing is the key to
its success.

"Farming is changing," says Niall Heenan, who runs a B&B with his wife Inez on
the northeast shore of Lough Derg in Terryglass, Co Tipperary. You have three
options: expand, which is difficult because of quotas, do nothing, which means
that you'll go out of business because farm prices are falling and the cost of
living is going, or diversify, which I believe is the only way of keeping the
farm in the family.

He has a 100-acre tillage and dry-stock farm, but is throwing his energies into
tourism, having redesigned a pre-1840 farm homestead on his land into a farm
display centre. "We have rebuilt and re-roofed it, and put in-pictures and
displays of old agricultural implements, like a machine for cleaning corn that
is 100 years old," explains Niall. "This is a bay of explaining to visitors what
a traditional small-scale farm economy consisted of. We also run farm walks,
where visitors are brought through the farm and told how the landscape and
fields evolved, and how each field got its name."

Niall is the rural tourism officer with the local branch of Macra na Feirme and
treasurer of the National Rural Tourism Co-operative.  He got a 50 per cent
agri-tourism grant to develop the farm display centre, which he hopes will
attract school groups and agricultural study tours.

Hard work, community effort, imagination and thoughtful marketing seems to be a
winning combination for the development of rural tourism. But there are obvious
disadvantages for farmers who may not wish to have their usual routine disrupted
by the incursions of ever more demanding guests.

As Mary Byrne points out. You must like what you're doing and your family must
like it too. Sometimes even at 11 pm people are still knocking on the door of
the kitchen looking for change for the phone."

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1994 The Irish Times


                              890 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Haxtun-Fleming Herald (Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 15, 2010

Energy Efficiency workshop geared at saving money

BYLINE: Jean Gray

LENGTH: 1097  words


Saving on the cost of energy can affect profits, which in turn could help retain
small businesses in a community. That message, along with presentations on the
ways and means of realizing those savings, was the purpose behind the Sept. 8
Energy Efficiency workshop in Holyoke.

The Workshop, held at the Peerless Theatre, drew representatives from the United
States Department of Agriculture Rural Development Agency, the Nebraska
Municipal Power Pool and its affiliate the Municipal Energy Agency of Nebraska,
the Governor's Energy Office, Highline Electric Cooperative, the Town of Haxtun
and the City of Holyoke.

Sponsored by the Phillips County Economic Development Corporation, the event
also drew area business owners. PCED executive director Nici Bishop welcomed
those attending and explained that presenters from the various resource
providers would fill the first hour talking about the benefits available to
small businesses. The second hour allowed for one-on-one visits between business
owners and provider representatives.

Jim Keeler, Economic Development Manager for NMPP, took the stage first to
explain his role with NMPP over the past eight years. He said his job is to
promote economic development through the retention of existing businesses.
Toward that end, NMPP promotes energy efficiency, working with USDA Rural
Development in Colorado, Nebraska and Kansas. Growing interest indicated a need
to hold workshops to let companies know what funds are available and how to
obtain those funds.

He noted that Wednesday's workshop was the seventh so far. He said the turnout
to the meetings is usually low, but word spreads them, bringing in more
applications for energy audits and grants.

Cheryl Scofield, Northeast Area Director for USDA Rural Development, explained
that MEAN provides the energy audits, which usually cost around $5,000, free of
charge. Once the audit is completed, eligible businesses can participate in a
program called Rural Energy for America Program. The program is open to any
small business as well as agriculture producers, with grant funds available for
either renewable energy projects or energy efficiency improvements. She said the
program is not available for small community facilities such as the Peerless
building, which operates as a profit business but owned by a non-profit.
However, she said there is another program available for those kinds of
projects.

REAP funds 25 percent of an eligible project. The business owner must provide 25
percent for the project and the remaining 50 percent could come from a loan,
which USDA Rural Development could guarantee. "Most businesses are doing these
improvements anyway, so it is a great program," said Scofield. She added that
more information is available at www.rurdev.usda.gov/ia/rbs .html, "which is a
very user friendly web site." USDA Rural Development would also help with the
application, she said.

Keeler said that if a business is serious about finding out about the program,
MEAN energy auditor, Bob Mead, could come to the business to do a "walk through"
to give an idea on the estimated savings a business could expect with the
improvements.

Scofield said REAP funds projects quarterly in Colorado, but the deadline for
applications is Oct. 1 each year. She said the same rules apply for both energy
efficiency projects and renewable energy projects.

Local business owner Roy Pfaltzgraff, III asked whether the grants would affect
available tax credits. Scofield said USDA is okay with a business getting both.

For his part, Mead said a business should contact their town's municipality,in
Haxtun,Town Superintendent George Michael and in Holyoke, City Manager Mark
Brown, to request a walk through. Projects that could improve energy efficiency
include windows and doors as well as other renovations.

Once he did the walk through, he could move forward and begin the process to
determine if the business qualified. If it would, NMPP would contact USDA. If it
does not qualify, he could go back and take a second look, he said.

He said NMPP also gives token funding to businesses that change out old
inefficient lighting for energy efficient lighting. He said anyone who obtains
power from MEAN could apply for up to $2,500 per project. More information is
available at www.nmppenergy.org.

Denis Herman of the Tri- State Rural Electric Association and Highline Electric
Cooperative said Tri-State/Highline does some of the same things that NMPP/MEAN
does, but they also give rebates for renewable energy projects and energy
efficiency projects. Appliance rebates could apply to any Star appliance such as
air conditioners, refrigerators,freezers, washers and dishwashers. He said the
program offers between $70 and $80 thousand, with about $60 thousand of that
going to irrigation.

There is also a commercial lighting program available through Tri-State, he
said. Tri-State would do a walk through, but does not do energy audits,
preferring to leave those to private businesses, one of which Pfaltzgraff owns
and operates. Pfaltzgraff explained that he first became a dealer for wind
turbines about three years ago. This spring he added solar energy, and when he
discovered that the area lacked anyone certified to perform energy audits and
bringing someone from the Front Range was costly, he decided to become
certified. He said his interest is energy efficiency and renewable energy, where
figures show that there is a $5 savings for every $ 1 spent. "You can save a lot
of money by spending just a little bit," he said.

Rich Mullaney, who is with Colorado State University Extension's energy
efficiency and conservation program, explained what visitors could expect to
find on w'ww.re-chargecolorado.com. HesaidCSU created his job with funding from
the American Reinvestment Act of 2009 this past May. He travels four
northeastern Colorado counties serving as a liaison between the communities and
the GEO.

He also explained the Smart Energy Living Pyramid, which calls for conservation
as the first step in energy efficiency. "Look at things like turning off the
lights and gadgets, turn down the thermostat." He said the next step is lighting
and insulation. "Only when you do that, should talk you about renewable," he
said.

He pointed out that the GEO site gives places to find grants and loans for
energy projects and suggested "pan caking," which means finding more than one
source of funding for any given project. The site offers an action planner for
residential, commercial, contractors and retailers.

There are some rebates available, which can be found on the GEO web site.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Energy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HXF

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Haxtun-Fleming Herald


                              891 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Informer (Monrovia)

                           September 24, 2010 Friday

USADF Signs U.S$477.039 to Support Grassroot Groups

LENGTH: 836  words


The United States African Development Foundation has signed five grants totaling
US$477,039 to support grassroots groups in Liberia. The grants will benefit
Agriculture Relief Services (ARS), Committee for Peace and Development Advocacy,
Inc (COPDA). Kokoyah Multipurpose Cooperative and Development Societ (Kokoyah),
Mamadee Konneh United Blacksmith Shop, and SAMJAC Agro Industry.

Commenting on the grants, USADF President Lloyd Pierson stated, "Liberia is
committed to economic development and food security projects. These grants will
support community groups to increase production, create jobs, and further
support the local economies of Liberia."

ARS provides agricultural extension services to the 350 smallholder farmers of
Lower Tappita, where food production in Nimba County is concentrated. ARS has
been involved in economic empowerment activities through seeds and tools
distribution to 10,500 farmers and peace education for over 4,000 Liberian and
Guinean citizens. Farmers now have growing quantities of plantains, cassava,
yams, and hot peppers for sale, but are unable to effectively access the main
markets in areas such as Southeast Liberia and Monrovia. There is currently no
cooperative association in Lower Tappita that can assist the farmers to organize
themselves for more profitable sales. USADF will work with ARS to organize
workers, provide training, and construct marketing booths, and purchase
equipment.

COPDA works to alleviate poverty in rural communities in Liberia by providing
technical assistance in human rights, peace, and economic development. Currently
COPDA is working with small grassroots farmers in Sanniquellie District to
expand food crop cultivation by providing technical assistance, tools, and basic
supplies as incentives. Through these efforts, farmers from several of these
isolated communities realized the need to organize themselves to achieve greater
impact. Farmers in these areas currently produce cassava as their main surplus
food crop, but are unable to access profitable markets due to high transport
costs for fresh cassava and limited production capacity for processed cassava
products USADF funds will be used to finance milling facilities, new tools,
training, and hire local specialists who will assist farmers to establish
cooperative associations.

Kokoyah is a farmers' cooperative that promotes lowland rice cultivation and
provides inputs, milling, and marketing services to its members in Kokoyah
District of Bong County. The cooperative currently has 403 registered members,
including 174 women. Kokoyah is reorganizing now to re-establish its rice
production and marketing systems that were destroyed during the civil war. This
former rice exporting area currently does not meet local demand for rice because
of the destruction of previously developed lowland rice fields and reduced
cultivation due to displacement local residents. With the return of residents to
their communities, cooperative members see the national reduction of rice
production coupled with rapidly rising prices for this staple commodity as a
serious potential threat to security. USADF will provide funding for training,
establishment of a crop purchase fund, and equipment.

Mamadee Konneh United Blacksmith Shop is a small business that provides
metalworking services in Bong County. Farming is the dominant economic activity
in Bong County, where reintegration of displaced residents and youth is central
to improved physical and food security. However, scarcity of metal farming tools
and processing machines following the civil conflict in Liberia has limited the
production capacity of local farms. The group manufactures agricultural tools
and equipment for local smallholder farms and businesses provides blacksmith
training to local youth. The business currently trains youth and has provided
apprenticeships for 25 young men in the community. Although the business is
modestly profitable, it does not have adequate operating capital and equipment
to satisfy the increasing the demand for these products and services. Funds will
go to establishing a larger workshop, the purchase raw materials, and training.

Based in Margibi County, SAMJAC provides agricultural and marketing services to
low income farmers engaged in producing hot pepper, peanuts, and cassava. To
date, most agricultural support projects have been of short duration focused on
helping local residents to return and resettle in their communities, rather than
strengthening and improving farmers' capacity to engage in sustainable farming
activities. Little emphasis has been placed on helping farmers involved in
similar production activities to pool their efforts to increase productivity and
incomes. The grant will provide funds for training, a new milling facility, and
technical assistance.

USADF re-started programming in Liberia in 2006 at the invitation of President
Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf. Liberia's current portfolio stands at eighteen investment
projects totaling approximately $2.5 million.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               February 19, 2008
                              Business Day Edition

Land reform failure rate may be 50%

BYLINE: Neels Blom

SECTION: POLITICS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 561  words


Land reform failure rate may be 50%

Policy reviewed, but status quo kept

Agriculture and Land Affairs Editor

THE government has admitted to a significant degree of failure in achieving the
sustainable agricultural development of rural communities benefiting from land
reform policies.

The failure rate could be as high as 50%, Thozi Gwanya, the acting land affairs
director-general and former chief land claims commissioner, said at the launch
of the land affairs department's Settlement and Implementation Support strategy
yesterday.

This indicated the need for post-settlement support for land reform
beneficiaries.

Beneficiaries, agribusiness and organised agriculture have long criticised the
government's land-reform policies for failing to produce viable agricultural
entities. Much of that is blamed on inadequate post-settlement support, and for
setting up beneficiaries for failure in unsustainable agricultural projects.

The government's policy thus far has been to establish communal agricultural
collectives and the development of small family farms with help from post-
settlement grants.

While most critics support the need for land and agrarian reform, they say
family farms are too small to compete in a globalised commodity market, and that
communal farms are fraught with infighting and poor market orientation, as is
evident in subsistence-level maize farming.

Over the past 12 years, more than 4-million hectares of land have been delivered
to millions of beneficiaries in respect of 79000 land claims.

The strategy, launched by Agriculture and Land Affairs Minister Lulu Xingwana,
following a review of the department's post-settlement support programmes, and
of the settlement of land acquisition grant, the land reform for agriculture
development programme and the comprehensive agriculture support programme. The
Belgian aid agency Belgian Technical Co-operation helped with and funded the
strategy.

The "evidence-based" strategy, as the minister calls it, has not yet been
adopted by the government, though Xingwana said it would form a "major" part of
the department's land and agrarian reform programme.

This is intended to open access to land for the poor, create new farmers and new
black entrepreneurs and provide access to agricultural support services. This
would increase agricultural production by 10%-15%, and agricultural trade and
export by 10%-15%, Xingwana said. In the medium to long term, a land and
agrarian development agency would be established.

"The challenge facing us now is to promote and rebuild agricultural
co-operatives that form the basic pillar of agriculture in SA," said Xingwana.

The minister said it was not envisaged that the co-operatives would be state
owned, as they were in the apartheid era, though at this stage they would be
operated by the government.

In a synopsis of the strategy published by the Land Claims Commission, the need
for post-settlement support is analysed and the integration of post-settlement
support with wider rural development projects is emphasised. But none of the
recommendations departs from the policy status quo.

Deputy Minister Dirk du Toit emphasised that a return to the consolidation of
small family farms into bigger agricultural units was not envisaged as part of
the post-settlement support plan.

"Communal farming co- operation is the more sophisticated way," he said.

Thozi Gwanya

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            October 27, 2009 Tuesday

Regional bank gives Rwanda 23m dollars for agriculture

LENGTH: 438 words


Text of report by Berna Namata entitled "AfDB extends $23m grant for
agriculture" published in English by Rwandan newspaper The New Times website on
27 October

The government and the African Development Bank (AfDB), yesterday, signed a
grant agreement worth 23m dollars (Rwf13bn) to finance the Bugesera Natural
Regional Rural Infrastructure Project.

The project is expected to start early next year (2010) and will be implemented
over a period of six years. This will be done through the government's existing
Bugesera Agricultural Development Support Project Implementation unit.

The project will put in place irrigation schemes and also facilitate the
purchase of fertilizers to boost agriculture production in this region that has
for years been hampered by prolonged droughts.

"Sustained economic growth and poverty reduction relies on continued investment
in agriculture. It plays a major role to growth, which is necessary to reduce
poverty and ensure food security," said Finance Minister James Musoni at the
signing ceremony held at the Ministry of Finance.

"We cannot reach our EDPRS [Economic Development and Poverty Reduction Strategy]
and Vision 2020 objectives without a strong agricultural sector," he said,
pointing out that the share of agriculture in Rwanda currently represents 37
percent of total national production.

In his remarks, Diko Mukete, the resident representative of AfDB noted that the
Bugesera region has been suffering from food insecurity for many years due to
rapid population growth and declining agricultural output. Mukete attributed
this decline to soil erosion, silting of lakes and climate change, in particular
irregular and insufficient rainfall in recent years.

"This will help improve food security in the Bugesera area by building
irrigation infrastructure, rehabilitating rural access roads and setting up
storage facilities."

The project will also facilitate protection of the lakes and marshlands,
conserving water and soil to protect the ecosystem of the zone, in addition to
supporting the development of farmers' cooperatives.

Mukete also mentioned that neighbouring Burundi will also benefit from nearly
the same amount of funding from the total grant of 46m dollars.

"The activities of the project will be implemented concurrently in both
countries to ensure maximum impact in terms of the conservation of the Nile
basin ecosystems and the shared water."

Both countries have already signed an agreement to implement the project,
especially around the two major cross-border lakes (Rweru and Cyohoha) and the
Akanyaru marshland.

Source: The New Times website, Kigali, in English 27 Oct 09

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             April 22, 2007 Sunday

PM renews pledges to boost rural living standards on east China tour

LENGTH: 263 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

["Chinese Premier Renews Pledges To Boost Rural Living Standards" - Xinhua
headline]

Nanchang, April 22 (Xinhua) - Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao has renewed his pledges
to boost agricultural development and improve the welfare of the nation's
farmers.

On a visit to eastern Jiangxi province from Friday to Sunday, Wen said the
government would continue to raise subsidies for farmers and bring them tangible
benefits.

He said the government would continue to buy grain at prices no lower than last
year and was considering offering more subsidies for production materials to
ensure no decline in farmers' incomes.

The government cancelled the rural tax nationwide in 2006 and offered farmers
direct subsidies to boost their incomes, but rising prices of fertilizers and
other production materials has eroded some of the benefits.

Wen also pledged more government spending on agricultural infrastructure and
agricultural insurance that the government was piloting in a number of
provinces.

In response to demands for more rural bank loans, he said the commercial banks
and rural credit cooperatives were expanding their loan capacity in rural areas.

He also called local officials to make more efforts to improve farmers' incomes
by establishing production bases and help the farmers sell at good prices.

He said the government would boost spending on the rural cooperative medicare
system to ensure affordable medical services for farmers.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 1159 gmt 22 Apr 07

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                            January 26, 2010 Tuesday

Education Briefs

SECTION: EDUCATION; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 694 words


REC grants

The state director of USDA Rural Development, Terry Brunner, will be in Ruidoso
on Thursday to deliver a ceremonial check for the school districts in the Region
IX Education Cooperative.

The Distance Learning and Telemedicine Program grant will be used to increase
educational opportunities.

The agency announced in Nov. 2009 that 111 projects in 35 states, including New
Mexico, were selected to receive nearly $35 million in grant funding for
distance learning and telemedicine initiatives.

Region IX, which serves schools at Capitan, Carrizozo, Cloudcroft, Corona,
Ruidoso, Hondo and Tularosa, had been awarded $499,361.

Scholarships

A Ruidoso student attending the University of Missouri has been awarded multiple
scholarships.

Shane Hoffman received the Arthur and Alice Langmeier Scholarship and the
Stephen A. Trenkmann Memorial Award at MU.

The Arthur and Alice Langmeier Scholarship is merit-based assistance for
students at MU.

The Stephen A. Trenkmann Memorial Award is granted to journalism students who
display outstanding abilities in the practical aspects of broadcast journalism.

"It has been my dream to come to MU since the seventh grade," said Hoffman.

"I am incredibly honored to represent the Ruidoso community at the Missouri
School of Journalism."

Hoffman, who graduated from Ruidoso High School in 2006, is a senior majoring in
radio-television journalism at the school in Columbia, Mo.

He is minoring in sociology at MU.

Wayland graduates

A Ruidoso student at Wayland Baptist University was among recent graduates in
the winter commencement ceremony held Dec. 12 in Plainview.

Matthew Graham Johnston, earning his bachelor of arts with honors degree in
religion, graduated summa cum laude.

He is the son of Dennis and Rebecca Johnston of Ruidoso.

Youth contest

Panhandle Professional Writers has announced its 2010 Youth Writing Con-test.

The competition is open to any student in grades three through 12. There are
three groups: grades three through five, six through eight, and high school.

Students may enter as many times as they like in three different categories:
short story, poetry, and memoir. All entries will be judged by
published-authors.

Submissions must be postmarked no later than April 1, 2010. Complete rules and
entry forms can be found online at www.panhandleprowriters.com

Winners will be announced in July. More information is available by emailing
Vicki Schoen at PPWYouthcontest@gmail.com .

Advanced Quilting

Create a quilted Ruidoso bear using paper piecing methods through ENMU-Ruidoso
Community Education.

Barb Morrison will teach Advanced Quilting on Saturdays, February 6 through
March 6, from 10: a.m. to noon.

A demonstration on dyeing fabrics also will be offered. Some experience and a
portable sewing machine are required.

Call 257-3012 for more information or to register.

Colored Pencil

Jody King covers the basics of colored pencil on Monday and Wednesday nights
from 7-9 p.m. The class begins Feb. 1, and runs for a month through May 26.

Colored pencil is a versatile, inexpensive and portable media that uses
burnishing, layering and blending to achieve depth and intensity of color. The
class fee is $65 or $55 for seniors.

The fee does not include supplies.

For more information or to register, call ENMU-Ruidoso Community Education at
257-3012.

Basic Plumbing

Marc S. Stewart, a licensed Master Plumber, teaches Basic Plumbing on Saturday,
Feb. 6, 10 a.m. to noon.

The class covers troubleshooting and repairing leaks and drips and plumbing
terminology. The fee for the class is $50 or $45 for seniors.

Registration is required and may be made by calling ENMU-Ruidoso Community
Education at 257-3012

Calligraphy Class

Just in time for Valentine's Day, Judy Laughter Parker offers a class using
calligraphy to create different types of valentines.

The class is scheduled for Saturday, Feb. 6, from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., with a
break for lunch. The $40 or $35 LLA fee includes materials and printed hand
outs.

A valentine class for children, ages 5 to 10, is scheduled for Wednesday, Feb.
10 from 3:30 to 5:30 p.m. The fee for this class is $20. Call ENMU-Ruidoso
Community Education at 257-3012 for more information or to register.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

             August 24, 2000, Thursday, ILLINOIS FIVE STAR EDITION

EXPORT GRAIN ELEVATOR WILL BE BUILT IN S. ILLINOIS;
KASKASKIA PORT DISTRICT, FARM CO-OPS WILL TEAM UP;
AIM IS TO BOOST MARKET CHOICES

BYLINE: Robert Goodrich; Of The Post-DispatchFAYETTEVILLE; FAYETTEVILLE EXPORT
GRAIN ELEVATOR; NEW ATHENS ILLINOIS CENTRAL R.R.; RED BUD; BALDWIN; BALDWIN;
INDUSTRIAL PARK; KASKASKIA RIVER; EVANSVILLE; CHICAGO; ILLINOIS MISSISSIPPI R.;
ST. LOUIS; AREA OF DETAIL; 15; 4; 13 156; 13; 154; 3; 80; 74; 57; 55; 70; 64

SECTION: METRO, Pg. B1

LENGTH: 525 words


The Kaskaskia Regional Port District announced Wednesday that it planned to
build an export grain elevator near Fayetteville, Ill., in cooperation with five
local farm cooperatives.

The elevator would be used to ship grain by barge from an area that includes St.
Clair, Monroe, Randolph, Washington, Clinton, Jefferson and Marion counties.

The port district also plans to build an inbound bulk terminal in Fayetteville
to handle fertilizer, road salt, sand and stone. Officials said that would make
return loads available to some truckers bringing in grain.

Buyouts and consolidations of grain companies have reduced the market choices
for farmers in the last few years. Port district officials said their project
would expand those choices.

The general manager of the port district, George Andres, said the elevator could
be completed by July 2002, although its cost hasn't been determined yet. The
port district estimates it will handle between 16 million and 20 million bushels
of grain a year.

But Andres said the schedule for shipping would depend on whether the Army Corps
of Engineers could redredge the Kaskaskia River from New Athens, Ill., to
Fayetteville by then.

Based on prices downstream at Evansville, Ill., farmers could get 10 to 12 cents
a bushel more for their grain at a river port than at inland elevators.

The five farm cooperatives involved are Gateway FS Inc., St. Clair Service Co.,
the Lenzburg Farmers Cooperative Grain Co., AgriPride FS Inc. and the Okawville
Farmers Elevator Co.

They represent 6,800 farm members. Their combined grain operation includes 22
elevators and two river terminals.

Their grain sales last year totaled 28.5 million bushels, including corn,
soybeans, wheat and milo.

Rep. Jerry F. Costello, D-Belleville, praised the plan at a meeting Wednesday in
Evansville of Lower Kaskaskia Stakeholders Inc. The group is made up of
government and private agencies, as well as individuals and businesses that are
interested in the lower Kaskaskia River.

Costello also announced a federal loan to build a water line and a grant for a
rail line to an industrial park that the Kaskaskia Regional Port District is
developing near Baldwin, Ill.

Current park tenants include the Material Works, Southern Illinois Transfer Inc.
and Gateway FS Inc.

A $ 230,000 rural development loan from the U.S. Agriculture Department will be
used to build a 1.6-mile water line from Baldwin. Randolph County will provide $
57,250 for the line.

It will pass under the Kaskaskia River. Construction is planned for this fall.

A $ 630,000 grant from the U.S. Commerce Department's Economic Development
Administration will be used for the rail line. The Illinois Department of
Commerce and Community Affairs is providing $ 275,000.

The line will be served by the Canadian National-Illinois Central Railroad. It
is expected to handle many products, including sheet steel in coils, fertilizer
and other bulk commodities.

"Rail service in addition to barge and truck access to the industrial park will
make this a truly intermodal location," said Jim Wesbecher, chairman of the port
district.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: MAP Map by the POST-DISPATCH - Kaskaskia Port District improvements

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              897 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday

Free grant-writing workshops offered in Oklahoma

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION:

LENGTH: 234 words


STILLWATER - The Oklahoma Cooperative Extension Service is partnering with the
U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Regional Rural Development Centers to
offer free grant-writing workshops. Aimed at producers and business owners with
retail operations serving local and regional markets, the workshops are designed
to encourage applications to the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion federal
grant programs.Workshops will take place from 1 to 5 p.m. in Muskogee on March
24; Shawnee on April 1; Sayre on April 7; Norman on April 14; and Enid on April
15. To reserve a seat in one of the workshops, register online at
http://bit.ly/1CaKUO2. The goal of the workshops is to put interested businesses
and communities in position to successfully apply for grants that support local
and regional food initiatives, said Dave Shideler, Oklahoma State University
Cooperative Extension community development specialist.Workshop topics will
include developing an idea for a proposal, preparing a proposal, preparing an
application package and post-award management requirements. There also will be
discussions about estimating project costs, tools and strategies for assessing
the impact of a proposed project and evaluation criteria used by proposal
reviewers.Three different grants are available through the Farmers Market and
Local Food Promotion programs, ranging from $5,000 to $100,000.

From Staff Reports


LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday

Free grant-writing workshops offered in Oklahoma

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 234 words


STILLWATER - The Oklahoma Cooperative Extension Service is partnering with the
U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Regional Rural Development Centers to
offer free grant-writing workshops. Aimed at producers and business owners with
retail operations serving local and regional markets, the workshops are designed
to encourage applications to the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion federal
grant programs.Workshops will take place from 1 to 5 p.m. in Muskogee on March
24; Shawnee on April 1; Sayre on April 7; Norman on April 14; and Enid on April
15. To reserve a seat in one of the workshops, register online at
http://bit.ly/1CaKUO2. The goal of the workshops is to put interested businesses
and communities in position to successfully apply for grants that support local
and regional food initiatives, said Dave Shideler, Oklahoma State University
Cooperative Extension community development specialist.Workshop topics will
include developing an idea for a proposal, preparing a proposal, preparing an
application package and post-award management requirements. There also will be
discussions about estimating project costs, tools and strategies for assessing
the impact of a proposed project and evaluation criteria used by proposal
reviewers.Three different grants are available through the Farmers Market and
Local Food Promotion programs, ranging from $5,000 to $100,000.From Staff
Reports

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                          December 5, 2001, Wednesday

THREE FOOD FIRMS TO SHARE IN POUNDS 5.3M PACKAGE

BYLINE: David Jones

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 275 words


THREE North Wales companies are among four businesses in the Welsh agri-food
sector which will share an investment package worth more than pounds 5m.

The Welsh Development Agency and National Assembly for Wales has announced a
series of Processing and Marketing Grants (PMGs) which will mean an extra pounds
5.3m in funding - pounds 1.9m in grant aid and pounds 3.4m from the companies
themselves.

Wales' only farmer owned dairy co-operative, Pwllhelibased South Caernarfon
Creameries, is to get pounds 1.07m to expand its existing cheese making
facilities.

KK Wholefoods, of Flint, which makes a range of dishes using Welsh meats,
vegetables and cheeses, will receive pounds 322,500 to support expansion of its
premises in order to manufacture organic and meat ready meals.

The Village Bakery, of Coedpoeth, near Wrexham, which specialises in fresh
bakery products, will get pounds 446,000 to extend production and storage
facilities.

The fourth grant recipient, Capestone Organic Poultry, of Haverfordwest, which
rears and processes organic chickens and turkeys, is set to receive a pounds
64,000 grant to support the expansion of its processing unit.

PMG grant schemes are designed to help processors and farmers in Wales become
more competitive, respond to consumer demand and add more value to their produce
through capital grant support for processing facilities and revenue grant
support to improve marketing.

The schemes operate throughout Wales using a combination of EU Objective 1
funding, support from from the Rural Development Plan for Wales and National
Assembly resources, and are delivered by the WDA.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2001 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd


                              900 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                          December 21, 2011 Wednesday

Minnesota's renewable energy program generates rate controversy

BYLINE: Charley Shaw

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1248  words


Gov. Mark Dayton's administration and a host of rural economic development
interests are hoping to boost the amount of renewable energy produced by
farmers, homeowners and assorted small businesses. But that goal is running into
a controversy over the rate at which those producers are paid for the power they
generate, and just how much power they can sell to utilities. Minnesota has had
state programs in place since the early 1980s to promote so-called distributed
generation, which places an emphasis on small, decentralized sources for the
power grid rather than big power plants.

Dayton's point people on energy matters -- state Department of Commerce
Commissioner Mike Rothman and Deputy Commissioner Bill Grant, who runs the
department's Division of Energy Resources (DER) -- stress that Minnesota has
fallen behind other states in those efforts.

Grant said Minnesota has added between 10 and 20 megawatts of distributed
generation using technologies like solar panels and wind turbines over the last
30 years.

"Other states have added hundreds, maybe thousands, of megawatts of distributed
generation over the same time period," he added. "This is an area where we feel
we have really fallen behind."

State policies are part of the problem.

Minnesota's rules regarding distributed generation are dictated by the state's
net metering statute. The law allows small producers of renewable energy to sell
the excess power they produce from sun and wind to utilities. The utilities are
required to pay the retail rate for the power. The capacity for production is
capped in the law at 40 kilowatts. As the number of people seeking to generate
renewable energy has grown, Grant and Rothman believe, the law hasn't kept up
with the times. They said individuals could build out larger power generation
projects if the proper incentives were available.

"As a result of that, I think what we're finding is Minnesota has lagged behind
other states in the amount of distributed generation that customers are adding,
because they're reaching that size cap too quickly," Grant said.

The issue is not without controversy at the Legislature. Under current law,
utilities must pay the retail rate for power fed to the grid by small producers.
Lobbyists for rural electrical cooperatives have been vocal about their
opposition to that provision. In the 2011 legislative session, the Minnesota
Rural Electric Association (MREA) advocated changing the law so that utilities
pay the wholesale rate for the excess power. Joel Johnson, a lobbyist for the
MREA, said that as more people create net metered projects, rural utilities
encounter a greater financial burden due to paying the higher retail rate.

"[Minnesota is] kind of an outlier in that we make payments based on retail
prices," Johnson said. "I think anybody who looks at it would say that is not a
sustainable model for a business. Paying out at retail, you can't stay in
business very long with much of a percentage of your customer base doing that."

Last year's legislative battle over the issue, which pitted Republicans against
each other, ended without a resolution. This fall DER held four workshops that
sought to bring the various players together to discuss coming to an agreement
on how to increase the capacity for distributed generation in the state.

"Generally the idea is to look at the whole picture," Rothman said. "Take a look
at what's out there and then, as to specific ways in which we can move forward
with a clean energy economy, take a look at options and have discussions about a
good and reasonable way to move forward."

There are several unknowns about the prospects for energy policy in next year's
legislative session, which begins Jan. 24. House Republican leaders have
penciled in an April 30 adjournment date, which is well ahead of the May 19
constitutional adjournment date and would have the effect of condensing
legislative action into a comparatively small window of time. While the issue of
net metering does not break down along partisan lines, it could get lumped
together in an omnibus bill with more politically charged issues -- such as
lifting the moratorium on coal-fired power plants -- that would likely be vetoed
by Dayton.

The pro-retail payment side of the net metering issue gains traction in certain
quarters for its rural economic development potential. But legislators who are
sympathetic to rural electric cooperatives are also vocal.

Last session Rep. Paul Torkelson, R-Nelson Township, offered an amendment to
reduce the current retail payments to the wholesale rate. Rep. Torrey Westrom,
R-Elbow Lake, who earlier in his career in the House chaired the Regulated
Industries Committee, fought the amendment.

The Dayton administration now could possibly play a key role. The administration
has been in office for nearly a year and has dissected the issue at the
workshops. With regard to the issue, some observers believe that the
administration is trying to play peacemaker after last session's divisiveness in
the Legislature. But Johnson said he is disturbed at what his group sees as the
policy preferences taking shape within the administration.

Johnson said he is concerned that DER will support increasing the cap from 40
kilowatts to 2 megawatts. He said it's possible that large power users such as
ethanol plants could install wind turbines or solar panels and, as a result, put
a pinch on utilities' revenues.

"If you allowed [small producers] to net meter at the 2 megawatt cap, all of a
sudden you're talking about a significant amount of lost sales. Plus you still
have to have the infrastructure in place to supply the energy to them when the
wind isn't blowing or the sun isn't shining," Johnson said.

Another difference is the clash over the payment rate.

Grant is concerned that dropping to the wholesale rate would result in customers
receiving 1 or 2 cents per kilowatt hour as opposed to about 8 to 10 cents a
kilowatt hour. But he said the issue could potentially be resolved by allowing
people to roll over credits rather than receive monthly payments for their
excess generation.

"[Adopting the wholesale rate] would have really dampened demand for this type
of activity rather than growing it," Grant said. "On the other side of it, I
think it reflected a concern particularly of some small, vocal electric
cooperatives that they were shouldering too much of the financial obligation [of
the retail rate payments], and that's the reason we've considered rolling over
those credits." Other states allow net metering customers to roll over their
credits. The credits would then be available in subsequent billing periods to
offset the customer's energy consumption.

"What that means is customers continue to get credit against their bills up to
the amount of their usage but not more than their usage," Grant said.

The rural utilities are open to the rollover idea, Johnson said. But they are
concerned about allowing them to roll over indefinitely. As the renewable energy
industry continues to grow, policymakers will continue to grapple with the basic
purpose of net metering. Some contend that it's supposed to make it financially
easier to generate homegrown renewable energy. Thom Petersen, director of
government relations for the Minnesota Farmers Union, which supports increasing
the cap to 2 megawatts, notes that others see the potential for profit.

"It does generate some income for farmers and that's the question: Are we trying
to generate income for farmers?" Petersen said.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              901 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Garhwal Post (India)

                            January 9, 2014 Thursday

NABARD initiates slew of measures for promoting rural credit

LENGTH: 576 words

DATELINE: Dehradun


Dehradun, Jan. 9 -- NABARD has initiated a slew of measures for improving rural
credit and rural infrastructure particularly warehousing as decided at the 198th
meeting of the Board of Directors chaired by Dr Harsh Kumar Bhanwala, Chairman,
NABARD, at New Delhi, today.Crop-specific Pilot Projects: The Board has approved
the launch of three crop specific Pilot Projects with production and
post-production interventions to be implemented through Primary Agriculture
Co-operative Society (PACS) business models for potato in Hooghly district, West
Bengal, tomato in Karnal district, Haryana, and onion in Nasik district,
Maharashtra. The total outlay for the projects is Rs 37.20 crore, comprising
loan and grant support from NABARD of Rs 18.43 crore and Rs 2.43 crore,
respectively, and a subsidy support of Rs 16.34 crore from the Central/State
Governments.The Pilot Projects envisage crop-specific market surveys,
identification of specific market players and marketing support through
establishment of Project Market Facilitation Centres (PMFCs). The Projects will
provide for productivity enhancing measures and post-harvest interventions.

These measures include support for irrigation particularly micro-irrigation,
scientific storage facility, cold storages and setting-up of agro-service
centres. The pilots will also support promotional interventions including field
demonstrations, crop and activity specific training and capacity building of
farmers, exposure visits, etc. for ensuring technology adoption by them.NABARD
Warehousing Scheme (NWS): NABARD has sanctioned 548 warehousing projects in
seven states amounting to Rs 1,046 crore under the NABARD Warehousing Scheme
(NWS). These projects on completion will create an additional storage scientific
space of 11.30 lakh MT for agriculture commodities and also help in better price
discovery for farmers.NABARD Warehousing Scheme 2013-14 has been formulated as
per the announcement made in the Union Budget with a corpus of Rs 5,000 crore.
The scheme envisages financial support for construction of warehouses, godowns,
silos, cold storages and cold chain infrastructure to store agriculture produce,
both in public and private sectors.Reduction in rate of interest: As decided by
its ALCO, NABARD has revised the rate of interest on refinance provided to banks
for investment credit with effect from 7 January, 2014. The refinance rate has
been reduced by 20 basis points, and the revised rate of interest on refinance
for a period of five years for Commercial Banks, State Cooperative Banks,
Regional Rural Banks and Primary Urban Cooperative Banks will be 9.70%. The
revised rate of interest for refinance for a period of three to five years will
be 9.90%. Further, banks drawing refinance of Rs 500 crore and more in a single
drawal will be allowed further reduction of 10 basis points, making the
effective rate 9.60% and 9.80% respectively. However, for State Cooperative
Agriculture and Rural Development Banks (SCRDBs), 10 basis points reduction is
allowed for a single drawal of Rs 200 crore and above. These measures are
expected to give a boost to banks for extending investment credit and creation
of much-needed warehousing infrastructure for agricultural commodities in the
country.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Garhwal Post. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Garhwal Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             April 25, 2006 Tuesday

Wireless group seeks funding

BYLINE: By DARRY MADDEN, Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 744 words


DUMMERSTON -- In the quest for rural high speed Internet, local wallets are
opening.

A group working toward broadband access in town is likely going to invest its
own money to complete a feasibility study. The same group has partnered with
broadband boosters in Marlboro to possibly create a cooperative that could serve
both towns.

But the wireless networks that will likely be created will probably reach
sections of neighboring towns, and to that end the cooperative could grow to
include towns like Brookline or Putney.

"So it will be open to all who can be served," said Tom Bodett, a Dummerston
Selectboard member and member of the working group on broadband.

The Marlboro group sprang to life at town meeting, when Steve Bissette, a local
cartoonist and writer who works from home, proposed a town committee be formed
to address the need.

Bodett said that the two groups were certainly going to apply for the grants
available from the Vermont Agency of Commerce and Community Development for
rural broadband projects, but they weren't going to hold their collective breath
waiting for the money.

"When you look at the reality of these grants, you see there are probably 50
towns applying. We have as good a chance as any, but we can't count on that.
It's much better to push forward with what capital we can come up with," he
said.

Bodett estimated that "several thousand dollars" would be needed to complete the
first phase of the project.

The program has funded two years worth of grants. In fiscal year 2005, $200,000
was awarded; in 2006, the department award $150,000. Tom Murray, commissioner of
the Department of Information and Innovation, said that his group planned to
hand out $200,000 in this round of grants.

Towns can receive up to $50,000, but not all receive quite as much.

Murray said that his department had worked with several towns which had joined
forces and awarded the grants to the partnership.

Additionally, Murray said that he had seen examples of towns taking the bull by
the horns and financing their own studies and infrastructure.

"This is the way all the best things happen," said Bodett.

The groups in Marlboro and Dummerston will have to send the Department of
Commerce their ideas on how they plan to accomplish a broadband project. This
allows the department to see "how serious they are," said Murray, before they
complete a more formal application.

One hint to grant seekers: "We love to see private and public partnering," said
Murray.

Marlboro's committee is a reincarnation of a similar group which began but did
not complete the effort several years ago. They are three strong, and actively
seeking members to complete the necessary tasks, not, they say, those looking to
get hooked up quite yet.

"We know many of you are aching for this to become a reality, but please, call
not (only) if you are willing and able to dedicate some time and work to the
process," wrote Bissette in an appeal. "We've still got a fair amount of work
ahead of us before we're there!"

In the meantime, the Marlboro Elementary School has opened its doors to
desperate Internet users once per week. Its dedicated T-1 line is available
every Thursday between 6 and 9 p.m.

Even as Dummerston begins to make arrangements for Internet access in town, some
other players could be entering the Windham County broadband scene.

Last week, Optima Computers announced its intention to open a wireless broadband
network that could cover all of Main Street and much of Putney Road by the end
of the summer.

Optima, with partner company Great Auk, wants to expand that network to cover
all of Brattleboro and some surrounding towns within the next few years.

Also last week, a company called Open Range Communications put an advertisement
in the Reformer, announcing that it's applying for a loan from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development branch to provide broadband access
in Brattleboro and several other Vermont cities and towns.

Little information is available about Open Range's intentions. Officials from
Rural Development said they couldn't comment on a pending loan, while a
spokesman for the company declined to shed any light on what they hope to do
here.

Open Range is incorporated in Delaware but has its office in Denver, Colo. The
company has placed similar advertisements in various states across the country.

Reformer staffer Andy Rosen contributed to this article.

Darry Madden can be reached at dmadden@reformer.com , or (802) 254-2311, ext.
273.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                           December 22, 2011 Thursday

Minnesota's renewable energy program generates rate controversy

BYLINE: Charley Shaw

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1248  words


Gov. Mark Dayton's administration and a host of rural economic development
interests are hoping to boost the amount of renewable energy produced by
farmers, homeowners and assorted small businesses. But that goal is running into
a controversy over the rate at which those producers are paid for the power they
generate, and just how much power they can sell to utilities.

Minnesota has had state programs in place since the early 1980s to promote
so-called distributed generation, which places an emphasis on small,
decentralized sources for the power grid rather than big power plants.

Dayton's point people on energy matters -- state Department of Commerce
Commissioner Mike Rothman and Deputy Commissioner Bill Grant, who runs the
department's Division of Energy Resources (DER) -- stress that Minnesota has
fallen behind other states in those efforts.

Grant said Minnesota has added between 10 and 20 megawatts of distributed
generation using technologies like solar panels and wind turbines over the last
30 years.

"Other states have added hundreds, maybe thousands, of megawatts of distributed
generation over the same time period," he added. "This is an area where we feel
we have really fallen behind."

State policies are part of the problem.

Minnesota's rules regarding distributed generation are dictated by the state's
net metering statute. The law allows small producers of renewable energy to sell
the excess power they produce from sun and wind to utilities. The utilities are
required to pay the retail rate for the power. The capacity for production is
capped in the law at 40 kilowatts. As the number of people seeking to generate
renewable energy has grown, Grant and Rothman believe, the law hasn't kept up
with the times. They said individuals could build out larger power generation
projects if the proper incentives were available.

"As a result of that, I think what we're finding is Minnesota has lagged behind
other states in the amount of distributed generation that customers are adding,
because they're reaching that size cap too quickly," Grant said.

The issue is not without controversy at the Legislature. Under current law,
utilities must pay the retail rate for power fed to the grid by small producers.
Lobbyists for rural electrical cooperatives have been vocal about their
opposition to that provision. In the 2011 legislative session, the Minnesota
Rural Electric Association (MREA) advocated changing the law so that utilities
pay the wholesale rate for the excess power. Joel Johnson, a lobbyist for the
MREA, said that as more people create net metered projects, rural utilities
encounter a greater financial burden due to paying the higher retail rate.

"[Minnesota is] kind of an outlier in that we make payments based on retail
prices," Johnson said. "I think anybody who looks at it would say that is not a
sustainable model for a business. Paying out at retail, you can't stay in
business very long with much of a percentage of your customer base doing that."

Last year's legislative battle over the issue, which pitted Republicans against
each other, ended without a resolution.

This fall DER held four workshops that sought to bring the various players
together to discuss coming to an agreement on how to increase the capacity for
distributed generation in the state.

"Generally the idea is to look at the whole picture," Rothman said. "Take a look
at what's out there and then, as to specific ways in which we can move forward
with a clean energy economy, take a look at options and have discussions about a
good and reasonable way to move forward."

There are several unknowns about the prospects for energy policy in next year's
legislative session, which begins Jan. 24.

House Republican leaders have penciled in an April 30 adjournment date, which is
well ahead of the May 19 constitutional adjournment date and would have the
effect of condensing legislative action into a comparatively small window of
time.

While the issue of net metering does not break down along partisan lines, it
could get lumped together in an omnibus bill with more politically charged
issues -- such as lifting the moratorium on coal-fired power plants -- that
would likely be vetoed by Dayton.

The pro-retail payment side of the net metering issue gains traction in certain
quarters for its rural economic development potential. But legislators who are
sympathetic to rural electric cooperatives are also vocal.

Last session Rep. Paul Torkelson, R-Nelson Township, offered an amendment to
reduce the current retail payments to the wholesale rate. Rep. Torrey Westrom,
R-Elbow Lake, who earlier in his career in the House chaired the Regulated
Industries Committee, fought the amendment.

The Dayton administration now could possibly play a key role. The administration
has been in office for nearly a year and has dissected the issue at the
workshops. With regard to the issue, some observers believe that the
administration is trying to play peacemaker after last session's divisiveness in
the Legislature. But Johnson said he is disturbed at what his group sees as the
policy preferences taking shape within the administration.

Johnson said he is concerned that DER will support increasing the cap from 40
kilowatts to 2 megawatts. He said it's possible that large power users such as
ethanol plants could install wind turbines or solar panels and, as a result, put
a pinch on utilities' revenues.

"If you allowed [small producers] to net meter at the 2 megawatt cap, all of a
sudden you're talking about a significant amount of lost sales. Plus you still
have to have the infrastructure in place to supply the energy to them when the
wind isn't blowing or the sun isn't shining," Johnson said.

Another difference is the clash over the payment rate.

Grant is concerned that dropping to the wholesale rate would result in customers
receiving 1 or 2 cents per kilowatt hour as opposed to about 8 to 10 cents a
kilowatt hour. But he said the issue could potentially be resolved by allowing
people to roll over credits rather than receive monthly payments for their
excess generation.

"[Adopting the wholesale rate] would have really dampened demand for this type
of activity rather than growing it," Grant said. "On the other side of it, I
think it reflected a concern particularly of some small, vocal electric
cooperatives that they were shouldering too much of the financial obligation [of
the retail rate payments], and that's the reason we've considered rolling over
those credits."

Other states allow net metering customers to roll over their credits. The
credits would then be available in subsequent billing periods to offset the
customer's energy consumption.

"What that means is customers continue to get credit against their bills up to
the amount of their usage but not more than their usage," Grant said.

The rural utilities are open to the rollover idea, Johnson said.   But they are
concerned about allowing them to roll over indefinitely.

As the renewable energy industry continues to grow, policymakers will continue
to grapple with the basic purpose of net metering. Some contend that it's
supposed to make it financially easier to generate homegrown renewable energy.
Thom Petersen, director of government relations for the Minnesota Farmers Union,
which supports increasing the cap to 2 megawatts, notes that others see the
potential for profit.

"It does generate some income for farmers and that's the question: Are we trying
to generate income for farmers?" Petersen said.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 8, 2015 Saturday

Supporting Financial Access via Cooperative Upgrading and Enterprise and Farm
Development in Kayin State

LENGTH: 166  words


Description:
Specifically, the project aims to capacitate the local partner, Community
Development Association (CDA), and relevant government agencies at the local
level to deliver cooperative upgrading and farm and entreprise development
technical service as a replicable social enterprise model for unlocking the
economic potential of poor rural households in the conflict affected target area
in Kayin State.


Domain :Development - Non state actors and local authorities Co-financing (PVD)

EU Contracted Amount :795 509.31
Sector :Rural development
Benefitting Zone :Myanmar
Nature :Action Grants
Project completion date : 2017-02-28 12:00:00
Major organization : PLANET FINANCE

Address : 138 A Min Ye

Kyawswar St.
Yandar Di Pa (9) Ward
Hpa-an, Kayin,

Country :Myanmar
Url : https://pfmyanmar.wordpress.com /

Financier : European Union (EU),

Financier address : European Commission
International Cooperation and development
Rue de la Loi 41
B-1049 Brussels
T. +32 2 299 11 11
Web:http://ec.europa.eu/

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             June 7, 2014 Saturday

NABARD Financial Services to support self-help groups in all states

BYLINE: Manish Raj

SECTION: INDIA BUSINESS

LENGTH: 333 words


CHENNAI: NABARD Financial Services (NABFINS), a subsidiary of National Bank for
Rural and Agricultural Development which provides financial assistance to self
help groups (SHGs), will expand its operations to all states in the country,
according to NABARD chairman Dr Harsh Kumar Bhanwala.

At present, NABFINS serves a total of 66 districts in four states. (27 in Tamil
Nadu, 26 in Karnataka, four in Andhra Pradesh and nine in Maharashtra).

NBARD will also grant support for promoting 2,000 new producer organizations
(POs) in the next three years under a separate window -- Producer's Organization
Development Fund (PODF), said the chairman. PO is a group of farmers and
producers who come together to grow, harvest and aggregate their produce.

"NABARD will also explore the possibility to provide IT-related services and
guidance to cooperative banks and Rural Financial Institutions (RFIs)," the
chairman said after the 200th meeting of the board of directors of the bank last
week. .

The board approved funding Public Private Partnership (PPP) under rural
infrastructure sector using NIDA (Nabard Infrastructure Development Assistance).
Earlier, the national bank had financed only state government and state-owned
entities.

The meeting discussed the audited accounts for the year ending March 31, 2014,
reviewed earlier projects and charted a road map for new business initiatives.
According to the audited financial results, the total earnings of NABARD stood
at Rs 15,442 crore and the total expenditure was Rs 12, 581 crore. The financial
year 2013-2014 showed 19.45% growth.

The new business initiatives launched in 2010-2011 like NIDA, direct lending to
cooperative banks, credit facility for federations and loans to producer
organizations contribute 5% of the total business of NABARD.

The bank would initiate a new refinance product which would cover a medium term
investment credit ranging from 18 to 36 months based on the demand for the
banks, he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           October 21, 2015 Wednesday

Strengthening Women's Co-operatives in Myanmar (SWIM)

LENGTH: 187  words


Domain : Development - Non state actors and local authorities Co-financing (PVD)

EU Contracted Amount : 496 995.00
Benefitting Zone : Myanmar
Nature : Action Grants
Countries : Myanmar/Burma
Total Cost (  ):662 660.00
Description : The overall objective is to strengthen the capacity of national
and community-level women  s cooperatives in Myanmar.


The specific objectives are:
To strengthen the work of women  s NSA Thirimay Women  s Development Cooperative
Society;
strengthen the ability of women  s cooperatives to advocate and network at the
local, regional, and national levels; and
To build capacity for sustainable livelihoods for women in rural Myanmar.
Project completion date : 2016-01-20 12:00:00
Major organization : RELIEF INTERNATIONAL-UK LBG

Address : Development House, 56 - 64
Leonard Street
London EC2A 4LT

Country :United Kingdom
Email : uk@ri.org

Url : http://www.ri.org /

Financier : European Union (EU),

Financier address : European Commission
Directorate General for International Cooperation and Development
Rue de la Loi 41
B-1049 Brussels
Belgium
Tel :+32 2 299 11 11
Website : http://ec.europa.eu/

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Manila Times

                             June 20, 2006 Tuesday

AGRARIAN REFORM PROGRAM IN WESTERN MINDANAO A SUCCESS

BYLINE: Al Jacinto

LENGTH: 805 words


ZAMBOANGA CITY: More than 214,000 hectares of agricultural lands have been
distributed to small farmers in the Zamboanga Peninsula and Basilan Island as
agrarian officials said Monday that the government's Comprehensive Agrarian
Reform Program, (CARP) in Western Mindanao is successful.

Julita Ragandang, regional director of the Department of Agrarian Reform, said
over 60,000 mostly farmers benefited from the program in the provinces of
Zamboanga Sibugay, Zamboanga del Norte and Zamboanga del Sur and in the cities
of Zamboanga, Lamitan and Isabela in Basilan Island.

She said the CARP has transformed farmers into small entrepreneurs, but she
admitted the lack of government funding is making it difficult to carry out an
extensive inventory of agricultural lands in the region that have not been
accounted for.

Ragandang said despite the lack of funding, the DAR in Western Mindanao ranked
number 1 in land acquisition and distribution in the country. "Land owners are
very cooperative and that's why we managed to distribute more than 214,000
hectares of agricultural lands to our farmers," she said.

The passage of Republic Act 6655, the Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Law (CARL),
in 1988 was hailed as historic. CARL promised to redistribute agricultural
lands-in several phases-to those who actually till them, the farmers.

The CARP is primarily a social-reform measure that addresses the need for a more
equitable distribution of land. Its goal is to improve the standards of living
of beneficiaries and promote greater economic activity in the rural areas.

Most of the government funding for CARP came from the recovered P50 billion of
the so-called Marcos' ill-gotten wealth. Only P10 billion was allocated to the
DAR with the rest of the money being distributed to other agencies, including P8
million for human-rights victims of the Marcos government.

The annual budget of CARP implementing agencies goes through a process, starting
from the evaluation of their performance for prior years. This serves as a
checks-and-balance mechanism and assures that their activities will be in line
with the priorities and thrusts of the agrarian reform program.

Ragandang said farmers in agrarian reform communities who formed themselves into
cooperatives also benefited from many government and foreign-funded development
projects, like farm-to-market roads, bridges, potable water and irrigation
systems, postharvest facilities, health stations, solar electricity and
construction of school buildings, that helped thousands of residents and spurred
economy in their areas.

She said Spain, Japan and Belgium and the World Bank have provided aids and
grants to the farmers since 1996.

"Our farmers are lucky because these countries and financial institutions are
helping us in the implementation of the government land reform program and we
are working hard to get more assistance, especially from the Spanish and Belgian
governments and the Japan International Cooperation Agency, to help more
beneficiaries," Ragandang said.

At present, there are 13 agrarian reform communities (ARC) in Basilan: The
United Workers Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries Multipurpose Cooperative in Isabela
City; The Latuan Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries Association Inc., also in
Isabela; Santa Clara Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries Integrated Development
Cooperative Inc., in Lamitan town; Lamitan Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries
Cooperative also in the same town; the Tipo-Tipo Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries
Agricultural Development Cooperative in Tipo-Tipo town; the Tipo-Tipo Agrarian
Reform Beneficiaries Cooperative; the Tumahubong Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries
Integrated Development Cooperative in Sumisip town.

The others are the East Sumisip Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries Cooperative in
Sumisip town; the Cabato Tahajid Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries Cooperative also
in Sumisip; Mangal Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries in Sumisip town; Canas Agrarian
Reform Beneficiaries Agricultural Development Cooperative in the town of Maluso
and the Tairan Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries Agricultural Multipurpose
Cooperative in Lantawan town.

Besides the ARCs, he said the Department of Agrarian Reform also helped in
putting up a resettlement area in Sumisip with 4 agrarian reform Cooperatives
-the Alih, Ismael, Muhtamad Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries Multipurpose
Cooperative; the Sampinit Agrarian Reform Program Beneficiaries Integrated
Development Cooperative; the Baiwas Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries Integrated
Development Cooperative and East Mahatallang Agrarian Reform Beneficiaries
Multipurpose Cooperative.

Almost half of Basilan's 135,892 hectares are planted to coconut (67,638 has.),
coffee (16,546 has.) and rubber (10,660 has.) and the rest to bananas, cassava,
corn, rice, cacao and black pepper, but some 40,650 hectares are still covered
by thick forests.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulation/Government Policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2006 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              908 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             March 27, 2012 Tuesday

Rwanda, World Bank sign 130m-dollar grant agreement

LENGTH: 606 words


Text of report in English by Gertrude Majyambere entitled "Government, WB sign
130m-dollar financing agreement" published by Rwandan newspaper The New Times
website on 27 March

The government and the World Bank yesterday signed an agreement worth 130m
dollars as part of the bank's budget support which will be allocated to three
sectors.

The three projects to benefit from the grant include Statistics for Results
Facility Project, the third Rural Sector Support Project and the Support to
Social Protection project under Vision Umurenge Programme (VUP).

The agreement is composed of 80m dollars credit agreement to help increase
incomes and reduce poverty in rural areas of the country, a grant of 10m dollars
for the project that aims at strengthening and building statistics in the
country while the remaining 40m dollars grant will be allocated to social
protection.

"There is a robust system in identifying the beneficiaries through Ubudehe
programme and we are focusing on real poor sectors," said Finance Minister John
Rwangombwa during the signing ceremony at the ministry's headquarters.

He said that the selection of beneficiaries is done at the village level where
the community identifies those in extreme poverty and puts them in two
categories.

Rwangombwa said that government through VUP has been enrolling 30 new sectors
every year on the programme that mainly targets to employ the poor on
infrastructural development projects.

An EDPRSI report indicates that by the end of last year, 120 out of 416 sectors
were covered with 19,583 beneficiaries.

There is optimism that the funds for RSSP3 will increase agricultural
productivity in marshlands and hillsides in the sub-watersheds targeted for
development.

The project will see 6,000 more hectares of irrigated marshlands developed and
at least 17,000 additional hectares of hillside surrounding rehabilitated areas.

"It's a participatory programme. We prepare beneficiaries, equip them with
technical skills and group them in cooperatives," stated Ernest Ruzindaza,
Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Agriculture.

He added that the last two phases of RSSP recorded a significant impact among
the beneficiaries where poverty reduced to 39 per cent from 65 per cent.

A report produced by the project (RSSP) indicates that 12 per cent of the
beneficiaries were also connected to electricity.

World Bank country manager, Mimi Ladipo, was impressed by the performance of
both VUP and RSSP programmes.

"I must say Rwanda is among the countries performing well in terms of aid
efficiency, the results really are outstanding."

She added that strengthening, improving, and availing quality data is among the
bank's mandate.

The cash is the last instalment of the bank's support towards the Rural Sector
Support Project (RSSP3), now going into its third five-year phase.

The funds for the statistics project will go towards implementation of the
five-year National Strategy for the Development of Statistics (NSDS) programme.

This will, in turn, facilitate statistical activities that will also entail 2012
Population and Housing Census whose activities are already under way.

"Statistics have been critical in informing our policy making and therefore the
support towards statistics for results is not only timely but will also inform
our plans," Rwangombwa observed.

He added that the funds come at a time when the government was drafting the
second generation of EDPRS that will certainly require evidence-based policy
formulation by ensuring quality and timeliness of statistical information, as
well as making it accessible to users.

Source: The New Times website, Kigali, in English 27 Mar 12

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2012 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Fiji Times (Australia)

                            August 10, 2010 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Chicken feed price ruffles feathers

BYLINE: By Maneesha Karan

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 201 words


THE increase in the price of chicken feed is affecting Vavalagi resident Jayanti
Mala's small duck farm.

Ms Mala began duck farming early this year after gaining approval from the
Cooperatives Micro-finance unit, which awarded her a grant of $1500 and a loan
of $1000.

"We were able to raise meat birds but the production scale has decreased because
of the increasing price of feed," Ms Mala said.

She said the price of grower and starter feeds was around $18 a bag in January
and had increased to between $25 and $32. The price of mill mix increased from
$8 to $22. "This is very costly and we can't afford to buy the feed," Ms Mala
said.

"There are also not enough ducklings we can raise. We have been able to raise
about 50 meat birds twice this year and sold it in the community."

Cooperatives Micro-finance program manager Ramesh Chand said rural residents
could qualify for such income-generating projects. "A criterion is that they go
through a financial assistance institution, for example the Fiji Development
Bank or the Cooperatives Micro-finance, and our officers will assess whether
they can be awarded with the loan," Mr Chand said.

He said such initiatives helped improve lives in rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FIJ


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 5, 2010 Thursday

Missouri gets $81 million for rural broadband

BYLINE: Dennis Rich, The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 754 words


Aug. 05--Gov. Jay Nixon on Thursday called some $81 million in stimulus dollars
awarded to Missouri rural broadband projects "transformative" to the state
economy.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced Wednesday that some $1.2 billion
will be invested in 126 broadband infrastructure projects across the country.
The funding will go towards completing middle-mile and end-mile fiber optic
networks to help supply high-speed Internet to rural communities in 38 states.

"These grant applications will be transformative for the areas of the state they
cover," Nixon said. "This is the kind of transformation our economy needs."

Nixon made his statements during a teleconference with reporters from the
offices of Big River Broadband, of Cape Girardeau, which received $24 million
through the U.S. Department of Agriculture as part of the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act of 2009. The projects are included as part of Nixon's
MoBroadbandNow initiative.

He said the state is hoping to land up to another $100 million through Commerce
Department stimulus funding which must be awarded by Sept. 30.

Nixon said increasing broadband capabilities is "crucial" to spurring economic
development in rural Missouri by increasing the capacity of information
transmission for schools and hospitals, leveling the playing field between rural
and urban students who already have access to high-speed Internet, and
eliminating the disparity between rural and urban hospitals.

The eight Missouri projects announced Wednesday include $10.3 million to Little
Rock, Ark.-based Windstream Corporation which provides telephone and Internet
services to Morgan, Polk, Pulaski, Miller, Barry, Daviess, Lawrence, Oregon,
Ripley, and Wayne counties in Missouri.

The other recipients announced Wednesday were: Finally Broadband in Seymour;
Grand River Mutual in Browning, Purdin, Linneus, Meadville, Denver, Gentry and
New Hampton; Orchard Farm Telephone Company in St. Charles; Socket Telecom in
Columbia; and Utopian Wireless in Benton.

The Windstream project should benefit about 10,000 customers, including 200
businesses and 40 community institutions.

The project, which must be completed in 20 months, is expected to create about
225 jobs through the construction phase, as well as some additional long-term
jobs to help maintain the network once completed. The company is contributing
$3.4 million in outside capital to the project.

Scott Morris, a spokesman for Windstream, told The Democrat on Thursday
afternoon that the company still needs to finalize its grant application, but it
hopes to begin the construction phase "as soon as possible."

"These projects are shovel-ready and will upgrade our existing network so we can
provide those customers with broadband of up to 12 Mbps," Morris said.

Ken Johnson, general manager and chief executive of Co-Mo Electric Cooperative,
a Tipton-based group that has applied for $66 million in stimulus grants and
low-interest loans to lay about 4,000 miles of fiber-optic line to each of its
32,000 customers in a 2,300 square-mile swath of central Missouri, said Co-Mo
remains optimistic that its project will be approved before the Sept. 30
deadline.

"It is my understanding there are a couple more announcements. The next one
should be the week of Aug. 16. We are hoping our project will be announced then.
We feel we have a strong project and we have made a solid case in our
application. We are optimistic about our chances to make the list," Johnson
said.

Johnson said the company believes that members and their communities stand to
receive multiple benefits from increased Internet speeds.

"We feel we have a good project here and there is a need for it. It should
provide a service to our members that will allow them to enhance and grow their
business. From an education standpoint, a lot of online classes people will be
able to access, as well as a lot of community support services including
libraries, courthouses, and hospitals," Johnson said.

For more information on Nixon's broadband initiative go online at
transform.mo.gov/broadband.

To see more of The Sedalia Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sedaliademocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sedalia Democrat,
Sedalia, Mo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100805-SX-Missouri-gets-81-million-for-rural-broadband-20100805

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2010 The Sedalia Democrat


                              911 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             March 28, 2011 Monday

ADB Grant to Spur Agribusiness, Higher Incomes in Nepal's Mountain Districts

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, March 28 -- The Asian Development Bank (ADB) is to help thousands of
poor households in remote mountainous areas of Nepal gain more income from the
production and sale of valuable agricultural produce.

A grant of $20 million from ADB's concessional Asian Development Fund for the
High Mountain Agribusiness and Livelihood Improvement Project will be provided
to small farmers and rural enterprises to help them increase the value and
salability of their goods. The initiative is expected to generate new jobs for
an estimated 7,500 people, directly benefiting about 5,000 households in 10
districts across four development regions.

"The goal is to make mountain agribusinesses more commercially viable and to
take advantage of improving rural infrastructure, as well as rising private
sector interest in their goods," said Hans Woldring, Agriculture and Natural
Resources Economist with the ADB.

Agriculture employs about two-thirds of Nepal's population and contributes over
a third of the country's gross domestic product. Despite the sector's
importance, growth has been constrained by farmers' limited access to services,
marketing, and employment opportunities. The country is a net food importer. At
the same time, there is rising private sector demand for many mountain products
such as wool, seeds, off-season vegetables and medicinal plant products.

By supporting activities such as improved processing, packaging, distribution
and marketing, the project will help agribusinesses add quality and value to
their goods, increase investment opportunities and links with the private
sector, and boost off-farm employment. It will be especially beneficial for
women as many farm households are headed by them, and they are heavily involved
in small rural enterprises engaged in producing high-value items from local
materials.

The Government of Nepal will provide over $4.5 million equivalent, while
beneficiaries sponsoring private sector investments in the industry will extend
over $5.7 million equivalent, for a total project cost of over $30.2 million.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives is the executing agency for the
project which has an expected completion date of April 2017 Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              912 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Solicitation of Applications for Housing Preservation Grants for Fiscal Year
2016,

LENGTH: 5266  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 The Rural Housing Service (RHS), an Agency within Rural Development, announces
that it is soliciting competitive applications under its Housing Preservation
Grant (HPG) program. This action is taken to comply with Agency regulations
found in 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N, which requires the Agency to announce the
opening and closing dates for receipt of pre-applications for HPG funds from
eligible applicants.



 Dates



 The closing deadline for receipt of all pre-applications in response to this
Notice is 5:00 p.m., local time for each Rural Development State Office on
February 12, 2016. Rural Development State Office locations can be found at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. The application should be
submitted to the Rural Development State Office where the project will be
located. If submitting the pre-application in electronic format, the closing
deadline for receipt is 5:00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on February 12, 2016.
The application closing deadline is firm as to date and hour. RHS will not
consider any application that is received after the closing deadline. Applicants
intending to mail applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery
on or before the closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States
Postal Service or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX)
and postage due applications will not be accepted.

 For Further Information Contact



 For general information, applicants may contact Jeaneane Shelton, Finance and
Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation and Direct Loan Division, USDA
Rural Development, STOP 0781, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-0781, telephone (202) 720-5443 (voice) (this is not a toll free number) or
(800) 877-8339 (TDD-Federal Information Relay Service) or via email at,
jeaneane.shelton@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Federal Agency Name: USDA Rural Housing Service.



 Funding Opportunity Title: Housing Preservation Grants.



 Announcement Type: Notice.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.433.



 Dates: February 12, 2016.

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 The reporting requirements contained in this Notice have been approved by the
Office of Management and Budget under Control Number 0575-0115.

 A. Program Description



 The HPG program is a grant program, authorized under 42 U.S.C. 1490m and
implemented at 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N, which provides qualified public
agencies, private non-profit organizations including, but not limited to,
faith-based and neighborhood partnerships, and other eligible entities, grant
funds to assist low- and very low-income homeowners in repairing and
rehabilitating their homes in rural areas. In addition, the HPG program assists
rental property owners and cooperative housing complexes in rural areas in
repairing and rehabilitating their units if they agree to make such units
available to low- and very low-income persons.

 B. Federal Award Information



 The funding instrument for the HPG program will be a grant agreement. The term
of the grant can vary from 1 to 2 years, depending on available funds and
demand. No maximum or minimum grant levels have been established at the National
level. In accordance with 7 CFR 1944.652, coordination and leveraging of funding
for repair and rehabilitation activities with housing and community development
organizations or activities operating in the same geographic area are expected,
but not required. You should contact the Rural Development State Office to
determine the allocation. HPG applicants who were previously selected for HPG
funds are eligible to submit new applications to apply for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016
HPG program funds. New HPG applications must be submitted for the renewal or
supplementation of existing HPG repair and/or rehabilitation projects that will
be completed with FY 2016 HPG funds.



 For FY 2016, the amount of funding available for the HPG Program can be found
at the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Priorities
such as Rural Economic Area Partnership Zones and other funds will be
distributed under a formula allocation to states pursuant to 7 CFR part 1940,
subpart L, "Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds." Decisions on funding will be based on pre-application scores. Anyone
interested in submitting an application for funding under this program is
encouraged to consult the Rural Development Web site periodically for updated
information regarding the status of funding authorized for this program.



 The commitment of program dollars will be made to selected applicants that have
fulfilled the necessary requirements for obligation.

 C. Eligibility Information



 1. Eligible Applicants. Eligible entities for these competitively awarded
grants include state and local governments, non-profit corporations, which may
include, but not be limited to faith-based and community organizations,
Federally recognized Indian tribes, and consortia of eligible entities. HPG
applicants who were previously selected for HPG funds are eligible to submit new
applications to apply for FY 2016 HPG program funds. More eligibility
requirements can be found at 7 CFR 1944.658, 1944.661, and 1944.662.



 2. Cost Sharing or Matching. Pursuant to 7 CFR 1944.652, grantees are expected
to coordinate and leverage funding for repair and rehabilitation activities, as
well as replacement housing, with housing and community development
organizations or activities operating in the same geographic area. While HPG
funds may be leveraged with other resources, cost sharing or matching is not a
requirement that the HPG applicant do so as the HPG applicant would not be
denied an award of HPG funds if all other project selection criteria have been
met.



 3. Other. Awards made under this Notice are subject to the provisions contained
in the Consolidated and Further Appropriations Act 2015, Pub.L. 113-235,
sections 738 and 739 regarding corporate felony convictions and corporate
Federal tax delinquencies. To comply with these provisions, only selected
applicants that are or propose to be corporations will submit this form as part
of their pre-application. Form AD-3030 can be found here:
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030.

 D. Application and Submission Information



 1. Address to Request Application Package: Applicants wishing to submit a paper
application in response to this Notice must contact the Rural Development State
Office serving the State of the proposed HPG housing project in order to receive
further information and copies of the paper application package. You may find
the addresses and contact information for each State Office following this web
link, http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Rural Development will
date and time stamp incoming paper applications to evidence timely receipt and,
upon request, will provide the applicant with a written acknowledgment of
receipt. You may access the electronic grant pre-application for Housing
Preservation Grants at: http://www.grants.gov.



 2. Content and Form of Application: 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N provides details
on what information must be contained in the pre-application package. Entities
wishing to apply for assistance should contact the Rural Development State
Office to receive further information, the State allocation of funds, and copies
of the pre-application package. Unless otherwise noted, applicants wishing to
apply for assistance must make its statement of activities available to the
public for comment. The applicant(s) must announce the availability of its
statement of activities for review in a newspaper of general circulation in the
project area and allow at least 15 days for public comment. The start of this
15-day period must occur no later than 16 days prior to the last day for
acceptance of pre-applications by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)-
Rural Development. Federally recognized Indian tribes, pursuant to 7 CFR
1944.674, are exempt from the requirement to consult with local leaders
including announcing the availability of its statement of activities for review
in a newspaper.



 All applicants will file an original and two copies of Standard Form (SF) 424,
"Application for Federal Assistance," and supporting information with the
appropriate Rural Development State Office. A pre-application package, including
SF-424, is available in any Rural Development State Office. All pre-applications
shall be accompanied by the following information which Rural Development will
use to determine the applicant's eligibility to undertake the HPG program and to
evaluate the pre-application under the project selection criteria of 7 CFR
1944.679.



 (a) A statement of activities proposed by the applicant for its HPG program as
appropriate to the type of assistance the applicant is proposing, including:



 (1) A complete discussion of the type of and conditions for financial
assistance for housing preservation, including whether the request for
assistance is for a homeowner assistance program, a rental property assistance
program, or a cooperative assistance program;



 (2) The process for selecting recipients for HPG assistance, determining
housing preservation needs of the dwelling, performing the necessary work, and
monitoring/inspecting work performed;



 (3) A description of the process for identifying potential environmental
impacts in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.672 and the provisions for compliance with
Stipulation I, A-G of the Programmatic Memorandum of Agreement, also known as
PMOA, (RD Instruction 2000-FF, available in any Rural Development State Office)
in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.673(b);



 (4) The development standard(s) the applicant will use for the housing
preservation work; and, if not the Rural Development standards for existing
dwellings, the evidence of its acceptance by the jurisdiction where the grant
will be implemented;



 (5) The time schedule for completing the program;



 (6) The staffing required to complete the program;



 (7) The estimated number of very low- and low-income minority and nonminority
persons the grantee will assist with HPG funds; and, if a rental property or
cooperative assistance program, the number of units and the term of restrictive
covenants on their use for very low- and low-income;



 (8) The geographical area(s) to be served by the HPG program;



 (9) The annual estimated budget for the program period based on the financial
needs to accomplish the objectives outlined in the proposal. The budget should
include proposed direct and indirect administrative costs, such as personnel,
fringe benefits, travel, equipment, supplies, contracts, and other cost
categories, detailing those costs for which the grantee proposes to use the HPG
grant separately from non-HPG resources, if any. The applicant budget should
also include a schedule (with amounts) of how the applicant proposes to draw HPG
grant funds, i.e., monthly, quarterly, lump sum for program activities, etc.;



 (10) A copy of an indirect cost proposal when the applicant has another source
of Federal funding in addition to the Rural Development HPG program;



 (11) A brief description of the accounting system to be used;



 (12) The method of evaluation to be used by the applicant to determine the
effectiveness of its program which encompasses the requirements for quarterly
reports to Rural Development in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.683(b) and the
monitoring plan for rental properties and cooperatives (when applicable)
according to 7 CFR 1944.689;



 (13) The source and estimated amount of other financial resources to be
obtained and used by the applicant for both HPG activities and housing
development and/or supporting activities;



 (14) The use of program income, if any, and the tracking system used for
monitoring same;



 (15) The applicant's plan for disposition of any security instruments held by
them as a result of its HPG activities in the event of its loss of legal status;




 (16) Any other information necessary to explain the proposed HPG program; and



 (17) The outreach efforts outlined in 7 CFR 1944.671(b).



 (b) Complete information about the applicant's experience and capacity to carry
out the objectives of the proposed HPG program.



 (c) Evidence of the applicant's legal existence, including, in the case of a
private non-profit organization, which may include, but not be limited to,
faith-based and community organizations, a copy of, or an accurate reference to,
the specific provisions of State law under which the applicant is organized; a
certified copy of the applicant's Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws or other
evidence of corporate existence; certificate of incorporation for other than
public bodies; evidence of good standing from the State when the corporation has
been in existence 1 year or more; and the names and addresses of the applicant's
members, directors and officers. If other organizations are members of the
applicant-organization, or the applicant is a consortium, pre-applications
should be accompanied by the names, addresses, and principal purpose of the
other organizations. If the applicant is a consortium, documentation showing
compliance with paragraph (4)(ii) under the definition of "organization" in 7
CFR 1944.656 must also be included.



 (d) For a private non-profit entity, which may include, but not be limited to,
faith-based and community organizations, the most recent audited statement and a
current financial statement dated and signed by an authorized officer of the
entity showing the amounts and specific nature of assets and liabilities
together with information on the repayment schedule and status of any debt(s)
owed by the applicant.



 (e) A brief narrative statement which includes information about the area to be
served and the need for improved housing (including both percentage and the
actual number of both low-income and low-income minority households and
substandard housing), the need for the type of housing preservation assistance
being proposed, the anticipated use of HPG resources for historic properties,
the method of evaluation to be used by the applicant in determining the
effectiveness of its efforts.



 (f) A statement containing the component for alleviating any overcrowding as
defined by 7 CFR 1944.656.



 (g) Applicant must submit an original and one copy of Form RD 1940-20, "Request
for Environmental Information," prepared in accordance with Exhibit F-1 of RD
Instruction 1944-N (available in any Rural Development State Office).



 (h) Applicant must also submit a description of its process for:



 (1) Identifying and rehabilitating properties listed on or eligible for listing
on the National Register of Historic Places;



 (2) Identifying properties that are located in a floodplain or wetland;



 (3) Identifying properties located within the Coastal Barrier Resources System;
and



 (4) Coordinating with other public and private organizations and programs that
provide assistance in the rehabilitation of historic properties (Stipulation I,
D, of the PMOA, RD Instruction 2000-FF, available as an electronic document and
in any Rural Development State Office).



 (i) The applicant must also submit evidence of the State Historic Preservation
Office's, (SHPO), concurrence in the proposal, or in the event of
non-concurrence, a copy of SHPO's comments together with evidence that the
applicant has received the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation's advice as
to how the disagreement might be resolved, and a copy of any advice provided by
the Council.



 (j) The applicant must submit written statements and related correspondence
reflecting compliance with 7 CFR 1944.674(a) and (c) regarding consultation with
local government leaders in the preparation of its program and the consultation
with local and state government pursuant to the provisions of Executive Order
12372.



 (k) The applicant is to make its statement of activities available to the
public for comment prior to submission to Rural Development pursuant to 7 CFR
1944.674(b). The application must contain a description of how the comments (if
any were received) were addressed.



 (1) The applicant must submit an original and one copy of Form RD 400-1, "Equal
Opportunity Agreement," and Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement," in accordance
with 7 CFR 1944.676.



 Applicants should review 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N for a comprehensive list of
all application requirements.



 3. Address unique entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM). As
part of the application, all applicants, except for individuals or agencies
excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(d), must be: (1) Registered in the System for Award
Management (SAM); (2) provide a valid unique entity identifier in its
applications; and (3) maintain an active SAM registration with current
information at all times during which it has an active Federal award or
application. An award may not be made to the applicant until the applicant has
complied with the unique entity identifier and SAM requirements.



 4. Intergovernmental Review Intergovernmental Review. The HPG program is
subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which requires
intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.



 5. Funding Restrictions. There are no limits on proposed direct and indirect
costs. Expenses incurred in developing pre-applications will be at the
applicant's risk.



 6. Other Submission Requirements. To comply with the President's Management
Agenda, the Department of Agriculture is participating as a partner in the
Government-wide Grants.gov site. Housing Preservation Grants [Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance #10.433] is one of the programs included at this Web site.
If you are an applicant under the Housing Preservation Grant program, you may
submit your pre-application to the Agency in either electronic or paper format.
Please be mindful that the pre-application deadline for electronic format
differs from the deadline for paper format. The electronic format deadline will
be based on Eastern Standard Time. The paper format deadline is local time for
each Rural Development State Office.



 Users of Grants.gov will be able to download a copy of the pre- application
package, complete it off line, and then upload and submit the application via
the Grants.gov site. You may not email an electronic copy of a grant
pre-application to USDA Rural Development; however, the Agency encourages your
participation in Grants.gov.



 The following are useful tips and instructions on how to use the Web site:



     When you enter the Grants.gov site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site as well as the hours
of operation. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that you do not wait
until the application deadline date to begin the application process through
Grants.gov. To use Grants.gov, applicants must have a DUNS number.

     You may submit all documents electronically through the Web site, including
all information typically included on the Application for Rural Housing
Preservation Grants, and all necessary assurances and certifications.

     After you electronically submit your application through the Web site, you
will receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a
Grants.gov tracking number.

     RHS may request that you provide original signatures on forms at a later
date.

     If you experience technical difficulties on the closing date and are unable
to meet the 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time) deadline, print out your
application and submit it to your State Office, you must meet the closing date
and local time deadline.

     Please note that you must locate the downloadable application package for
this program by the CFDA Number or FedGrants Funding Opportunity Number, which
can be found at http://www.grants.gov.



 In addition to the electronic pre- application at the http://www.grants.gov Web
site, all applicants must complete and submit the FY 2016 pre-application
package, detailed later in this Notice, for Section 533 HPG. A copy of a
suggested coversheet is included with this Notice. Applicants are encouraged to
submit this pre-application coversheet electronically by accessing the Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Click on
the Forms & Resources tab to access the "FY 2016 Pre-application for Section 533
Housing Preservation Grants (HPG)."



 Applicants are encouraged but not required, to also provide an electronic copy
of all hard copy forms and documents submitted in the
pre-application/application package as requested by this Notice. The forms and
documents must be submitted as read-only Adobe Acrobat PDF files on an
electronic media such as CDs, DVDs or USB drives. For each electronic device
that you submit, you must include a Table of Contents listing all of the
documents and forms on that device. The electronic medium must be submitted to
the local Rural Development State Office where the project will be located.

 Please Note



 If you receive a loan or grant award under this Notice, USDA reserves the right
to post all information that is not protected by the Privacy Act submitted as
part of the pre-application/application package on a public Web site with free
and open access to any member of the public.

 E. Application Review Information



 1. Criteria. All paper applications for Section 533 funds must be filed with
the appropriate Rural Development State Office and all paper or electronic
applications must meet the requirements of this Notice and 7 CFR part 1944,
subpart N. Pre-applications determined not eligible and/or not meeting the
selection criteria will be notified by the Rural Development State Office.



 2. Review and Selection Process. The Rural Development State Offices will
utilize the following threshold project selection criteria for applicants in
accordance with 7 CFR 1944.679:



 (a) Providing a financially feasible program of housing preservation
assistance. "Financially feasible" is defined as proposed assistance which will
be affordable to the intended recipient or result in affordable housing for very
low- and low-income persons.



 (b) Serving eligible rural areas with a concentration of substandard housing
for households with very low- and low-income.



 (c) Being an eligible applicant as defined in 7 CFR 1944.658.



 (d) Meeting the requirements of consultation and public comment in accordance
with 7 CFR 1944.674.



 (e) Submitting a complete pre-application as outlined in 7 CFR 1944.676.



 3. Scoring. For applicants meeting all of the requirements listed above, the
Rural Development State Offices will use weighted criteria in accordance with 7
CFR part 1944, subpart N as selection for the grant recipients. Each
pre-application and its accompanying statement of activities will be evaluated
and, based solely on the information contained in the pre-application, the
applicant's proposal will be numerically rated on each criteria within the range
provided. The highest-ranking applicant(s) will be selected based on allocation
of funds available to the state.



 (a) Points are awarded based on the percentage of very low-income persons that
the applicant proposes to assist, using the following scale:



 (1) More than 80%    20 points.

 (2) 61% to 80%    15 points.

 (3) 41% to 60%    10 points.

 (4) 20% to 40%     5 points.

 (5) Less than 20%    0 points.



 (b) The applicant's proposal may be expected to result in the following
percentage of HPG fund use (excluding administrative costs) to total cost of
unit preservation. This percentage reflects maximum repair or rehabilitation
with the least possible HPG funds due to leveraging, innovative financial
assistance, owner's contribution or other specified approaches. Points are
awarded based on the following percentage of HPG funds (excluding administrative
costs) to total funds:



 (1) 50% or less    20 points.

 (2) 51% to 65%    15 points.

 (3) 66% to 80%    10 points.

 (4) 81% to 95%    5 points.

 (5) 96% to 100%    0 points.



 (c) The applicant has demonstrated its administrative capacity in assisting
very low- and low-income persons to obtain adequate housing based on the
following:



 (1) The organization or a member of its staff has at least one or more years
experience successfully managing and operating a rehabilitation or
weatherization type program: 10 points.



 (2) The organization or a member of its staff has at least one or more years
experience successfully managing and operating a program assisting very low- and
low-income persons obtain housing assistance: 10 points.



 (3) If the organization has administered grant programs, there are no
outstanding or unresolved audit or investigative findings which might impair
carrying out the proposal: 10 points.



 (d) The proposed program will be undertaken entirely in rural areas outside
Metropolitan Statistical Areas, also known as MSAs, identified by Rural
Development as having populations below 10,000 or in remote parts of other rural
areas (i.e., rural areas contained in MSAs with less than 5,000 population) as
defined in 7 CFR 1944.656: 10 points.



 (e) The program will use less than 20 percent of HPG funds for administration
purposes:



 (1) More than 20%    Not eligible.

 (2) 20%    0 points.

 (3) 19%    1 point.

 (4) 18%    2 points.

 (5) 17%    3 points.

 (6) 16%    4 points.

 (7) 15% or less    5 points.



 (f) The proposed program contains a component for alleviating overcrowding as
defined in 7 CFR 1944.656: 5 points.



 In the event more than one pre-application receives the same amount of points,
those pre-applications will then be ranked based on the actual percentage figure
used for determining the points. Further, in the event that pre-applications are
still tied, then those pre-applications still tied will be ranked based on the
percentage for HPG fund use (low to high). Further, for applications where
assistance to rental properties or cooperatives is proposed, those still tied
will be further ranked based on the number of years the units are available for
occupancy under the program (a minimum of 5 years is required). For this part,
ranking will be based from most to least number of years.



 Finally, if there is still a tie, then a lottery system will be used. After the
award selections are made, all applicants will be notified of the status of
their applications by mail.

 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will notify, in writing, applicants whose
pre-applications have been selected for funding. At the time of notification,
the Agency will advise the applicant what further information and documentation
is required along with a timeline for submitting the additional information. If
the Agency determines it is unable to select the application for funding, the
applicant will be so informed in writing. Such notification will include the
reasons the applicant was not selected. The Agency will advise applicants, whose
pre-applications did not meet eligibility and/or selection criteria, of their
review rights or appeal rights in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.682.



 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. Rural Development is
encouraging applications for projects that will support rural areas where,
according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts, at least 20
percent of the population is living in persistent poverty. This emphasis will
support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality of life for Rural
Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who most need them. A
persistent poverty county is a classification for counties in the United States
that have had a relatively high rate of poverty over a long period.



 3. Reporting. Post-award reporting requirements can be found in the Grant
Agreement.

 G. Non-Discrimination Statement



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income
is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information
in employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the
Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or
employment activities.)



 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov



 Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).



 Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

 Dated: December 14, 2015.

 Tony J. Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 Fiscal Year 2016 Pre-Application for Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants
(HPG) Instructions



 Applicants are encouraged, but not required, to submit this pre-application
form electronically by accessing the Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Click on
the Forms & Resources tab to access the "Fiscal Year 2016 Pre-application for
Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants (HPG)." Please note that electronic
submittals are not on a secured Web site. If you do not wish to submit the form
electronically by clicking on the Send Form button, you may still fill out the
form, print it and submit it with your application package to the State Office.
You also have the option to save the form, and submit it on an electronic media
to the State Office.



 Supporting documentation required by this pre-application may be attached to
the email generated when you click the Send Form button to submit the form.
However if the attachments are too numerous or large in size, the email box will
not be able to accept them. In that case, submit the supporting documentation
for this pre-application to the State Office with your complete application
package under item IX.



 Documents Submitted, indicate the supporting documents that you are submitting
either with the pre-application or to the State Office.



 Image #EN29DE15.000



 Image #EN29DE15.001



 Image #EN29DE15.002



 Image #EN29DE15.003



 Image #EN29DE15.004



 Image #EN29DE15.005



 Image #EN29DE15.006



 Image #EN29DE15.007

 [FR Doc. 2015-32784 Filed 12-28-15; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Solicitation of Applications for Housing Preservation Grants for Fiscal Year
2016,

LENGTH: 5266  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 The Rural Housing Service (RHS), an Agency within Rural Development, announces
that it is soliciting competitive applications under its Housing Preservation
Grant (HPG) program. This action is taken to comply with Agency regulations
found in 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N, which requires the Agency to announce the
opening and closing dates for receipt of pre-applications for HPG funds from
eligible applicants.



 Dates



 The closing deadline for receipt of all pre-applications in response to this
Notice is 5:00 p.m., local time for each Rural Development State Office on
February 12, 2016. Rural Development State Office locations can be found at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. The application should be
submitted to the Rural Development State Office where the project will be
located. If submitting the pre-application in electronic format, the closing
deadline for receipt is 5:00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on February 12, 2016.
The application closing deadline is firm as to date and hour. RHS will not
consider any application that is received after the closing deadline. Applicants
intending to mail applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery
on or before the closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States
Postal Service or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX)
and postage due applications will not be accepted.

 For Further Information Contact



 For general information, applicants may contact Jeaneane Shelton, Finance and
Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation and Direct Loan Division, USDA
Rural Development, STOP 0781, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-0781, telephone (202) 720-5443 (voice) (this is not a toll free number) or
(800) 877-8339 (TDD-Federal Information Relay Service) or via email at,
jeaneane.shelton@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Federal Agency Name: USDA Rural Housing Service.



 Funding Opportunity Title: Housing Preservation Grants.



 Announcement Type: Notice.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.433.



 Dates: February 12, 2016.

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 The reporting requirements contained in this Notice have been approved by the
Office of Management and Budget under Control Number 0575-0115.

 A. Program Description



 The HPG program is a grant program, authorized under 42 U.S.C. 1490m and
implemented at 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N, which provides qualified public
agencies, private non-profit organizations including, but not limited to,
faith-based and neighborhood partnerships, and other eligible entities, grant
funds to assist low- and very low-income homeowners in repairing and
rehabilitating their homes in rural areas. In addition, the HPG program assists
rental property owners and cooperative housing complexes in rural areas in
repairing and rehabilitating their units if they agree to make such units
available to low- and very low-income persons.

 B. Federal Award Information



 The funding instrument for the HPG program will be a grant agreement. The term
of the grant can vary from 1 to 2 years, depending on available funds and
demand. No maximum or minimum grant levels have been established at the National
level. In accordance with 7 CFR 1944.652, coordination and leveraging of funding
for repair and rehabilitation activities with housing and community development
organizations or activities operating in the same geographic area are expected,
but not required. You should contact the Rural Development State Office to
determine the allocation. HPG applicants who were previously selected for HPG
funds are eligible to submit new applications to apply for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016
HPG program funds. New HPG applications must be submitted for the renewal or
supplementation of existing HPG repair and/or rehabilitation projects that will
be completed with FY 2016 HPG funds.



 For FY 2016, the amount of funding available for the HPG Program can be found
at the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Priorities
such as Rural Economic Area Partnership Zones and other funds will be
distributed under a formula allocation to states pursuant to 7 CFR part 1940,
subpart L, "Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds." Decisions on funding will be based on pre-application scores. Anyone
interested in submitting an application for funding under this program is
encouraged to consult the Rural Development Web site periodically for updated
information regarding the status of funding authorized for this program.



 The commitment of program dollars will be made to selected applicants that have
fulfilled the necessary requirements for obligation.

 C. Eligibility Information



 1. Eligible Applicants. Eligible entities for these competitively awarded
grants include state and local governments, non-profit corporations, which may
include, but not be limited to faith-based and community organizations,
Federally recognized Indian tribes, and consortia of eligible entities. HPG
applicants who were previously selected for HPG funds are eligible to submit new
applications to apply for FY 2016 HPG program funds. More eligibility
requirements can be found at 7 CFR 1944.658, 1944.661, and 1944.662.



 2. Cost Sharing or Matching. Pursuant to 7 CFR 1944.652, grantees are expected
to coordinate and leverage funding for repair and rehabilitation activities, as
well as replacement housing, with housing and community development
organizations or activities operating in the same geographic area. While HPG
funds may be leveraged with other resources, cost sharing or matching is not a
requirement that the HPG applicant do so as the HPG applicant would not be
denied an award of HPG funds if all other project selection criteria have been
met.



 3. Other. Awards made under this Notice are subject to the provisions contained
in the Consolidated and Further Appropriations Act 2015, Pub.L. 113-235,
sections 738 and 739 regarding corporate felony convictions and corporate
Federal tax delinquencies. To comply with these provisions, only selected
applicants that are or propose to be corporations will submit this form as part
of their pre-application. Form AD-3030 can be found here:
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030.

 D. Application and Submission Information



 1. Address to Request Application Package: Applicants wishing to submit a paper
application in response to this Notice must contact the Rural Development State
Office serving the State of the proposed HPG housing project in order to receive
further information and copies of the paper application package. You may find
the addresses and contact information for each State Office following this web
link, http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Rural Development will
date and time stamp incoming paper applications to evidence timely receipt and,
upon request, will provide the applicant with a written acknowledgment of
receipt. You may access the electronic grant pre-application for Housing
Preservation Grants at: http://www.grants.gov.



 2. Content and Form of Application: 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N provides details
on what information must be contained in the pre-application package. Entities
wishing to apply for assistance should contact the Rural Development State
Office to receive further information, the State allocation of funds, and copies
of the pre-application package. Unless otherwise noted, applicants wishing to
apply for assistance must make its statement of activities available to the
public for comment. The applicant(s) must announce the availability of its
statement of activities for review in a newspaper of general circulation in the
project area and allow at least 15 days for public comment. The start of this
15-day period must occur no later than 16 days prior to the last day for
acceptance of pre-applications by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)-
Rural Development. Federally recognized Indian tribes, pursuant to 7 CFR
1944.674, are exempt from the requirement to consult with local leaders
including announcing the availability of its statement of activities for review
in a newspaper.



 All applicants will file an original and two copies of Standard Form (SF) 424,
"Application for Federal Assistance," and supporting information with the
appropriate Rural Development State Office. A pre-application package, including
SF-424, is available in any Rural Development State Office. All pre-applications
shall be accompanied by the following information which Rural Development will
use to determine the applicant's eligibility to undertake the HPG program and to
evaluate the pre-application under the project selection criteria of 7 CFR
1944.679.



 (a) A statement of activities proposed by the applicant for its HPG program as
appropriate to the type of assistance the applicant is proposing, including:



 (1) A complete discussion of the type of and conditions for financial
assistance for housing preservation, including whether the request for
assistance is for a homeowner assistance program, a rental property assistance
program, or a cooperative assistance program;



 (2) The process for selecting recipients for HPG assistance, determining
housing preservation needs of the dwelling, performing the necessary work, and
monitoring/inspecting work performed;



 (3) A description of the process for identifying potential environmental
impacts in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.672 and the provisions for compliance with
Stipulation I, A-G of the Programmatic Memorandum of Agreement, also known as
PMOA, (RD Instruction 2000-FF, available in any Rural Development State Office)
in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.673(b);



 (4) The development standard(s) the applicant will use for the housing
preservation work; and, if not the Rural Development standards for existing
dwellings, the evidence of its acceptance by the jurisdiction where the grant
will be implemented;



 (5) The time schedule for completing the program;



 (6) The staffing required to complete the program;



 (7) The estimated number of very low- and low-income minority and nonminority
persons the grantee will assist with HPG funds; and, if a rental property or
cooperative assistance program, the number of units and the term of restrictive
covenants on their use for very low- and low-income;



 (8) The geographical area(s) to be served by the HPG program;



 (9) The annual estimated budget for the program period based on the financial
needs to accomplish the objectives outlined in the proposal. The budget should
include proposed direct and indirect administrative costs, such as personnel,
fringe benefits, travel, equipment, supplies, contracts, and other cost
categories, detailing those costs for which the grantee proposes to use the HPG
grant separately from non-HPG resources, if any. The applicant budget should
also include a schedule (with amounts) of how the applicant proposes to draw HPG
grant funds, i.e., monthly, quarterly, lump sum for program activities, etc.;



 (10) A copy of an indirect cost proposal when the applicant has another source
of Federal funding in addition to the Rural Development HPG program;



 (11) A brief description of the accounting system to be used;



 (12) The method of evaluation to be used by the applicant to determine the
effectiveness of its program which encompasses the requirements for quarterly
reports to Rural Development in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.683(b) and the
monitoring plan for rental properties and cooperatives (when applicable)
according to 7 CFR 1944.689;



 (13) The source and estimated amount of other financial resources to be
obtained and used by the applicant for both HPG activities and housing
development and/or supporting activities;



 (14) The use of program income, if any, and the tracking system used for
monitoring same;



 (15) The applicant's plan for disposition of any security instruments held by
them as a result of its HPG activities in the event of its loss of legal status;




 (16) Any other information necessary to explain the proposed HPG program; and



 (17) The outreach efforts outlined in 7 CFR 1944.671(b).



 (b) Complete information about the applicant's experience and capacity to carry
out the objectives of the proposed HPG program.



 (c) Evidence of the applicant's legal existence, including, in the case of a
private non-profit organization, which may include, but not be limited to,
faith-based and community organizations, a copy of, or an accurate reference to,
the specific provisions of State law under which the applicant is organized; a
certified copy of the applicant's Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws or other
evidence of corporate existence; certificate of incorporation for other than
public bodies; evidence of good standing from the State when the corporation has
been in existence 1 year or more; and the names and addresses of the applicant's
members, directors and officers. If other organizations are members of the
applicant-organization, or the applicant is a consortium, pre-applications
should be accompanied by the names, addresses, and principal purpose of the
other organizations. If the applicant is a consortium, documentation showing
compliance with paragraph (4)(ii) under the definition of "organization" in 7
CFR 1944.656 must also be included.



 (d) For a private non-profit entity, which may include, but not be limited to,
faith-based and community organizations, the most recent audited statement and a
current financial statement dated and signed by an authorized officer of the
entity showing the amounts and specific nature of assets and liabilities
together with information on the repayment schedule and status of any debt(s)
owed by the applicant.



 (e) A brief narrative statement which includes information about the area to be
served and the need for improved housing (including both percentage and the
actual number of both low-income and low-income minority households and
substandard housing), the need for the type of housing preservation assistance
being proposed, the anticipated use of HPG resources for historic properties,
the method of evaluation to be used by the applicant in determining the
effectiveness of its efforts.



 (f) A statement containing the component for alleviating any overcrowding as
defined by 7 CFR 1944.656.



 (g) Applicant must submit an original and one copy of Form RD 1940-20, "Request
for Environmental Information," prepared in accordance with Exhibit F-1 of RD
Instruction 1944-N (available in any Rural Development State Office).



 (h) Applicant must also submit a description of its process for:



 (1) Identifying and rehabilitating properties listed on or eligible for listing
on the National Register of Historic Places;



 (2) Identifying properties that are located in a floodplain or wetland;



 (3) Identifying properties located within the Coastal Barrier Resources System;
and



 (4) Coordinating with other public and private organizations and programs that
provide assistance in the rehabilitation of historic properties (Stipulation I,
D, of the PMOA, RD Instruction 2000-FF, available as an electronic document and
in any Rural Development State Office).



 (i) The applicant must also submit evidence of the State Historic Preservation
Office's, (SHPO), concurrence in the proposal, or in the event of
non-concurrence, a copy of SHPO's comments together with evidence that the
applicant has received the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation's advice as
to how the disagreement might be resolved, and a copy of any advice provided by
the Council.



 (j) The applicant must submit written statements and related correspondence
reflecting compliance with 7 CFR 1944.674(a) and (c) regarding consultation with
local government leaders in the preparation of its program and the consultation
with local and state government pursuant to the provisions of Executive Order
12372.



 (k) The applicant is to make its statement of activities available to the
public for comment prior to submission to Rural Development pursuant to 7 CFR
1944.674(b). The application must contain a description of how the comments (if
any were received) were addressed.



 (1) The applicant must submit an original and one copy of Form RD 400-1, "Equal
Opportunity Agreement," and Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement," in accordance
with 7 CFR 1944.676.



 Applicants should review 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N for a comprehensive list of
all application requirements.



 3. Address unique entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM). As
part of the application, all applicants, except for individuals or agencies
excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(d), must be: (1) Registered in the System for Award
Management (SAM); (2) provide a valid unique entity identifier in its
applications; and (3) maintain an active SAM registration with current
information at all times during which it has an active Federal award or
application. An award may not be made to the applicant until the applicant has
complied with the unique entity identifier and SAM requirements.



 4. Intergovernmental Review Intergovernmental Review. The HPG program is
subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which requires
intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.



 5. Funding Restrictions. There are no limits on proposed direct and indirect
costs. Expenses incurred in developing pre-applications will be at the
applicant's risk.



 6. Other Submission Requirements. To comply with the President's Management
Agenda, the Department of Agriculture is participating as a partner in the
Government-wide Grants.gov site. Housing Preservation Grants [Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance #10.433] is one of the programs included at this Web site.
If you are an applicant under the Housing Preservation Grant program, you may
submit your pre-application to the Agency in either electronic or paper format.
Please be mindful that the pre-application deadline for electronic format
differs from the deadline for paper format. The electronic format deadline will
be based on Eastern Standard Time. The paper format deadline is local time for
each Rural Development State Office.



 Users of Grants.gov will be able to download a copy of the pre- application
package, complete it off line, and then upload and submit the application via
the Grants.gov site. You may not email an electronic copy of a grant
pre-application to USDA Rural Development; however, the Agency encourages your
participation in Grants.gov.



 The following are useful tips and instructions on how to use the Web site:



     When you enter the Grants.gov site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site as well as the hours
of operation. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that you do not wait
until the application deadline date to begin the application process through
Grants.gov. To use Grants.gov, applicants must have a DUNS number.

     You may submit all documents electronically through the Web site, including
all information typically included on the Application for Rural Housing
Preservation Grants, and all necessary assurances and certifications.

     After you electronically submit your application through the Web site, you
will receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a
Grants.gov tracking number.

     RHS may request that you provide original signatures on forms at a later
date.

     If you experience technical difficulties on the closing date and are unable
to meet the 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time) deadline, print out your
application and submit it to your State Office, you must meet the closing date
and local time deadline.

     Please note that you must locate the downloadable application package for
this program by the CFDA Number or FedGrants Funding Opportunity Number, which
can be found at http://www.grants.gov.



 In addition to the electronic pre- application at the http://www.grants.gov Web
site, all applicants must complete and submit the FY 2016 pre-application
package, detailed later in this Notice, for Section 533 HPG. A copy of a
suggested coversheet is included with this Notice. Applicants are encouraged to
submit this pre-application coversheet electronically by accessing the Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Click on
the Forms & Resources tab to access the "FY 2016 Pre-application for Section 533
Housing Preservation Grants (HPG)."



 Applicants are encouraged but not required, to also provide an electronic copy
of all hard copy forms and documents submitted in the
pre-application/application package as requested by this Notice. The forms and
documents must be submitted as read-only Adobe Acrobat PDF files on an
electronic media such as CDs, DVDs or USB drives. For each electronic device
that you submit, you must include a Table of Contents listing all of the
documents and forms on that device. The electronic medium must be submitted to
the local Rural Development State Office where the project will be located.

 Please Note



 If you receive a loan or grant award under this Notice, USDA reserves the right
to post all information that is not protected by the Privacy Act submitted as
part of the pre-application/application package on a public Web site with free
and open access to any member of the public.

 E. Application Review Information



 1. Criteria. All paper applications for Section 533 funds must be filed with
the appropriate Rural Development State Office and all paper or electronic
applications must meet the requirements of this Notice and 7 CFR part 1944,
subpart N. Pre-applications determined not eligible and/or not meeting the
selection criteria will be notified by the Rural Development State Office.



 2. Review and Selection Process. The Rural Development State Offices will
utilize the following threshold project selection criteria for applicants in
accordance with 7 CFR 1944.679:



 (a) Providing a financially feasible program of housing preservation
assistance. "Financially feasible" is defined as proposed assistance which will
be affordable to the intended recipient or result in affordable housing for very
low- and low-income persons.



 (b) Serving eligible rural areas with a concentration of substandard housing
for households with very low- and low-income.



 (c) Being an eligible applicant as defined in 7 CFR 1944.658.



 (d) Meeting the requirements of consultation and public comment in accordance
with 7 CFR 1944.674.



 (e) Submitting a complete pre-application as outlined in 7 CFR 1944.676.



 3. Scoring. For applicants meeting all of the requirements listed above, the
Rural Development State Offices will use weighted criteria in accordance with 7
CFR part 1944, subpart N as selection for the grant recipients. Each
pre-application and its accompanying statement of activities will be evaluated
and, based solely on the information contained in the pre-application, the
applicant's proposal will be numerically rated on each criteria within the range
provided. The highest-ranking applicant(s) will be selected based on allocation
of funds available to the state.



 (a) Points are awarded based on the percentage of very low-income persons that
the applicant proposes to assist, using the following scale:



 (1) More than 80%    20 points.

 (2) 61% to 80%    15 points.

 (3) 41% to 60%    10 points.

 (4) 20% to 40%     5 points.

 (5) Less than 20%    0 points.



 (b) The applicant's proposal may be expected to result in the following
percentage of HPG fund use (excluding administrative costs) to total cost of
unit preservation. This percentage reflects maximum repair or rehabilitation
with the least possible HPG funds due to leveraging, innovative financial
assistance, owner's contribution or other specified approaches. Points are
awarded based on the following percentage of HPG funds (excluding administrative
costs) to total funds:



 (1) 50% or less    20 points.

 (2) 51% to 65%    15 points.

 (3) 66% to 80%    10 points.

 (4) 81% to 95%    5 points.

 (5) 96% to 100%    0 points.



 (c) The applicant has demonstrated its administrative capacity in assisting
very low- and low-income persons to obtain adequate housing based on the
following:



 (1) The organization or a member of its staff has at least one or more years
experience successfully managing and operating a rehabilitation or
weatherization type program: 10 points.



 (2) The organization or a member of its staff has at least one or more years
experience successfully managing and operating a program assisting very low- and
low-income persons obtain housing assistance: 10 points.



 (3) If the organization has administered grant programs, there are no
outstanding or unresolved audit or investigative findings which might impair
carrying out the proposal: 10 points.



 (d) The proposed program will be undertaken entirely in rural areas outside
Metropolitan Statistical Areas, also known as MSAs, identified by Rural
Development as having populations below 10,000 or in remote parts of other rural
areas (i.e., rural areas contained in MSAs with less than 5,000 population) as
defined in 7 CFR 1944.656: 10 points.



 (e) The program will use less than 20 percent of HPG funds for administration
purposes:



 (1) More than 20%    Not eligible.

 (2) 20%    0 points.

 (3) 19%    1 point.

 (4) 18%    2 points.

 (5) 17%    3 points.

 (6) 16%    4 points.

 (7) 15% or less    5 points.



 (f) The proposed program contains a component for alleviating overcrowding as
defined in 7 CFR 1944.656: 5 points.



 In the event more than one pre-application receives the same amount of points,
those pre-applications will then be ranked based on the actual percentage figure
used for determining the points. Further, in the event that pre-applications are
still tied, then those pre-applications still tied will be ranked based on the
percentage for HPG fund use (low to high). Further, for applications where
assistance to rental properties or cooperatives is proposed, those still tied
will be further ranked based on the number of years the units are available for
occupancy under the program (a minimum of 5 years is required). For this part,
ranking will be based from most to least number of years.



 Finally, if there is still a tie, then a lottery system will be used. After the
award selections are made, all applicants will be notified of the status of
their applications by mail.

 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will notify, in writing, applicants whose
pre-applications have been selected for funding. At the time of notification,
the Agency will advise the applicant what further information and documentation
is required along with a timeline for submitting the additional information. If
the Agency determines it is unable to select the application for funding, the
applicant will be so informed in writing. Such notification will include the
reasons the applicant was not selected. The Agency will advise applicants, whose
pre-applications did not meet eligibility and/or selection criteria, of their
review rights or appeal rights in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.682.



 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. Rural Development is
encouraging applications for projects that will support rural areas where,
according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts, at least 20
percent of the population is living in persistent poverty. This emphasis will
support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality of life for Rural
Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who most need them. A
persistent poverty county is a classification for counties in the United States
that have had a relatively high rate of poverty over a long period.



 3. Reporting. Post-award reporting requirements can be found in the Grant
Agreement.

 G. Non-Discrimination Statement



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income
is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information
in employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the
Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or
employment activities.)



 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov



 Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).



 Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

 Dated: December 14, 2015.

 Tony J. Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 Fiscal Year 2016 Pre-Application for Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants
(HPG) Instructions



 Applicants are encouraged, but not required, to submit this pre-application
form electronically by accessing the Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Click on
the Forms & Resources tab to access the "Fiscal Year 2016 Pre-application for
Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants (HPG)." Please note that electronic
submittals are not on a secured Web site. If you do not wish to submit the form
electronically by clicking on the Send Form button, you may still fill out the
form, print it and submit it with your application package to the State Office.
You also have the option to save the form, and submit it on an electronic media
to the State Office.



 Supporting documentation required by this pre-application may be attached to
the email generated when you click the Send Form button to submit the form.
However if the attachments are too numerous or large in size, the email box will
not be able to accept them. In that case, submit the supporting documentation
for this pre-application to the State Office with your complete application
package under item IX.



 Documents Submitted, indicate the supporting documents that you are submitting
either with the pre-application or to the State Office.



 Image #EN29DE15.000



 Image #EN29DE15.001



 Image #EN29DE15.002



 Image #EN29DE15.003



 Image #EN29DE15.004



 Image #EN29DE15.005



 Image #EN29DE15.006



 Image #EN29DE15.007

 [FR Doc. 2015-32784 Filed 12-28-15; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                            September 7, 2015 Monday

Solar home grants, energy and transport ventures topbills Aquino end term
projects

BYLINE: Gilbert P. Felongco Correspondent

LENGTH: 536 words


Manila: A grant for households in rural areas to install solar energy systems as
well as major airport and elevated commuter railway projects, complete the list
of projects planned for the remaining months of the Aquino administration.

According to Presidential Communications Secretary Herminio Coloma Jr., the
National Economic Development Authority (NEDA) has approved five major projects
totalling P131.4 billion (Dh10.31 billion) for implementation during the
remainder of President Benigno Aquino III's six year term in office.

NEDA is the Philippines' premier socio-economic planning body and as such maps
out the path the country will take in terms of development.

The P4.8 billion (Dh376 million) grant to light up homes using solar energy will
see the installation of renewable energy systems in residences in rural areas,
especially those in remote places that are far from the energy grid.

Renewable energy resources development is part of the country's low emissions
capacity building strategy outlined under the Philippines' 2008 law governing
Renewable Energy.

The, strategy, which aims to address the challenges of climate change, energy
security and access to electricity, is a big leap from fragmented and halting
Renewable Energy initiatives of previous years. It harmonises various
initiatives and focuses on providing energy that is not dependent on fossil
fuels.

Likewise, the grant will also fund rural power generation facilities and will
provide technical assistance to the National Electrification Administration and
the Energy Regulatory Commission, and electric cooperatives.

According to Coloma, this particular grant package will be partially funded by a
P2.82 billion (Dh221 million) fund provided by the European Union with the
balance to be sourced from the national budget.

"The focal point for capacity building is the development of pro-poor,
disaster-resilient solutions," Coloma said.

Aside from the energy projects, the government also approved the construction of
the passenger terminal building as part of the P15.3 billion (Dh1.2 billion)
Clark International Airport expansion in Central Luzon and the P3.5 billion
(Dh274 million)) Naga airport development project in Camarines Sur.

For Metro Manila, the board also approved the P64.7 billion construction of the
19-kilometre elevated rail facility, the Light Railway Transit (LRT) Line 6.

This particular train facility will extend the current LRT 1 which ends in Pasay
City's Baclaran district, all the way southwards to Imus and Dasmarinas in
Cavite province.

The project, which is expected to drastically cut travel time, is a
public-private partnership (PPP) initiative.

The NEDA also approved the construction of the LRT Line 4 which will connect
with the Ortigas district in Eastern Metro Manila to areas further east to
Taytay City in Rizal province.

Coloma said that with only eight months remaining in Aquino's term, it is not
expected to that these projects would be finished at anytime soon but he said,
the roadmap for development involving these plans had already been laid out for
the succeeding leadership.

The Philippines will elect its next set of national leaders, including the
President and Vice President, by May 2016.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2015 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              915 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           August 27, 2014 Wednesday

BYLINE: JESSICA HOLDMAN Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 806 words


A group of North Dakota farmers want to take their business from the farmers
market to hospitals, schools and grocery stores.

"Local food is ready to take the next step in North Dakota," said Annie Carlson
of Morning Joy Farm in Mercer.

Carlson is one of about 10 family farmers along the U.S. Highway 83 corridor
participating in the formation of a growers cooperative aiming to start a
farmer-owned food hub in the state. She is hoping, by working together, smaller
farmers will be able to market a steady supply of produce on a larger scale.

"I'm just one of many," Carlson said. "I think there is a pool of talent waiting
to be released."

Common Enterprises Development Corp. and Foundation for Agricultural and Rural
Resources Management and Sustainability began work in January studying the
sustainability of a food hub. Now CEDC is coordinating organization efforts to
create the hub.

"The end result is an actual organization," said Tyler Demars of CEDC. "We can
do this feasability study but if there's no one to take and run with it, it just
sits there."

CEDC will develop a business plan for the farmers involved to help them scale up
their businesses.

The group received a $60,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development
grant to conduct the necessary research to establish the hub.

Carlson said the only option community farmers have now is direct marketing,
either through Community Supported Agriculture or a farmers market.

Carlson said some producers have managed to tap into restaurants or grocery
stores. A local farmer provides the basil used by Fireflour Pizza in Antler for
example.

Carlson herself has been asked to provide pork shoulders to an area restaurant.
She's held back because the business only wants shoulders. She can't raise
enough pigs and she doesn't have an outlet to sell the rest of the meat.

To break into a market like the Bismarck Public School District, Carlson said it
would take farmers producing enough food for 8,000 meals per day. Purchasers
also don't want to have to deal with multiple farmers. They want to be able to
buy what they need from one entity.

"We have to work together to make this work," she said.

Pooling resources would give farmers the selling power they need. Carlson said
it also would give them buying power.

"The idea here is rather than continuing to talk about same critical challenges,
let's get together a co-op that can solve them," Demars said.

For small fruit production, like strawberries, a farmer needs a transplanter. If
they choose to plant three acres of carrots to meet demand, they would need a
carrot lifter to gather them all. Carlson said the cooperative could purchase
these things and multiple members could use it while splitting the cost.

Demars is also involved with the formation of the Bisman Community Food
Cooperative. He said a community-owned retail grocery outlet is not dependent on
local growers for stocking the shelves but members do want a strong local
presence also in the store. He said, if it's formed, the growers cooperative
could begin marketing to the food co-op and get accustomed to selling food
wholesale rather than retail.

Demars said the cooperative model will allow those farmers who want to scale up
production and rely on farming as their sole source of income to increase
production without losing the profit margin of selling wholesale rather than
retail.

Membership would require equity investment. Farmers would sell to the
cooperative, which would process and sell the produce. The profit margin would
then go back to the farmer based on how much they sold. The margin would be
higher because expenses would be shared rather than fronted by one person.

Demars said the first step is to incorporate the group. CEDC's feasibility study
for FARRMS will be complete by the end of the year. On the growers cooperative
initiative, CEDC has already started surveying potential customers to determine
demand and will finish by the end of the month. A survey of producers will take
place next. Cooperative member meetings will start this fall.

"It's ambitious so we have a big challenge in front of us," Demars said.

Developing the business plan and starting the cooperative will take two to three
years.

"This is really just a very first step in process," he said.

From the member survey, CEDC will be able to determine what is being grown and
what producers would be willing to grow. The survey of potential customers
determines what products there is demand for and how it would need to be
processed.

"If there's not a market for a product, it's not going to be successful," Demars
said.

For example, would a school prefer carrots sliced in coins or in sticks? What
produce would need to be dried or frozen?

"There's just a lot of unknowns," Carlson said.

(Reach Jessica Holdman at 701-250-8261 or jessica.holdman@bismarcktribune.com)

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           August 27, 2014 Wednesday

BYLINE: JESSICA HOLDMAN Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 806 words


A group of North Dakota farmers want to take their business from the farmers
market to hospitals, schools and grocery stores.

"Local food is ready to take the next step in North Dakota," said Annie Carlson
of Morning Joy Farm in Mercer.

Carlson is one of about 10 family farmers along the U.S. Highway 83 corridor
participating in the formation of a growers cooperative aiming to start a
farmer-owned food hub in the state. She is hoping, by working together, smaller
farmers will be able to market a steady supply of produce on a larger scale.

"I'm just one of many," Carlson said. "I think there is a pool of talent waiting
to be released."

Common Enterprises Development Corp. and Foundation for Agricultural and Rural
Resources Management and Sustainability began work in January studying the
sustainability of a food hub. Now CEDC is coordinating organization efforts to
create the hub.

"The end result is an actual organization," said Tyler Demars of CEDC. "We can
do this feasability study but if there's no one to take and run with it, it just
sits there."

CEDC will develop a business plan for the farmers involved to help them scale up
their businesses.

The group received a $60,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development
grant to conduct the necessary research to establish the hub.

Carlson said the only option community farmers have now is direct marketing,
either through Community Supported Agriculture or a farmers market.

Carlson said some producers have managed to tap into restaurants or grocery
stores. A local farmer provides the basil used by Fireflour Pizza in Antler for
example.

Carlson herself has been asked to provide pork shoulders to an area restaurant.
She's held back because the business only wants shoulders. She can't raise
enough pigs and she doesn't have an outlet to sell the rest of the meat.

To break into a market like the Bismarck Public School District, Carlson said it
would take farmers producing enough food for 8,000 meals per day. Purchasers
also don't want to have to deal with multiple farmers. They want to be able to
buy what they need from one entity.

"We have to work together to make this work," she said.

Pooling resources would give farmers the selling power they need. Carlson said
it also would give them buying power.

"The idea here is rather than continuing to talk about same critical challenges,
let's get together a co-op that can solve them," Demars said.

For small fruit production, like strawberries, a farmer needs a transplanter. If
they choose to plant three acres of carrots to meet demand, they would need a
carrot lifter to gather them all. Carlson said the cooperative could purchase
these things and multiple members could use it while splitting the cost.

Demars is also involved with the formation of the Bisman Community Food
Cooperative. He said a community-owned retail grocery outlet is not dependent on
local growers for stocking the shelves but members do want a strong local
presence also in the store. He said, if it's formed, the growers cooperative
could begin marketing to the food co-op and get accustomed to selling food
wholesale rather than retail.

Demars said the cooperative model will allow those farmers who want to scale up
production and rely on farming as their sole source of income to increase
production without losing the profit margin of selling wholesale rather than
retail.

Membership would require equity investment. Farmers would sell to the
cooperative, which would process and sell the produce. The profit margin would
then go back to the farmer based on how much they sold. The margin would be
higher because expenses would be shared rather than fronted by one person.

Demars said the first step is to incorporate the group. CEDC's feasibility study
for FARRMS will be complete by the end of the year. On the growers cooperative
initiative, CEDC has already started surveying potential customers to determine
demand and will finish by the end of the month. A survey of producers will take
place next. Cooperative member meetings will start this fall.

"It's ambitious so we have a big challenge in front of us," Demars said.

Developing the business plan and starting the cooperative will take two to three
years.

"This is really just a very first step in process," he said.

From the member survey, CEDC will be able to determine what is being grown and
what producers would be willing to grow. The survey of potential customers
determines what products there is demand for and how it would need to be
processed.

"If there's not a market for a product, it's not going to be successful," Demars
said.

For example, would a school prefer carrots sliced in coins or in sticks? What
produce would need to be dried or frozen?

"There's just a lot of unknowns," Carlson said.

(Reach Jessica Holdman at 701-250-8261 or jessica.holdman@bismarcktribune.com)

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2014 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Oct 31, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Oct 31, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Oct 31, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 13, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 11, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              925 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 31, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 22, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 19, 2013 Monday

Utah: Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP)

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service
Deadlines  Sep 13, 2013
Contact

For general questions contact your USDA Rural Development State Office.
Purpose

The RMAP program provides direct loans and grants to Microenterprise Development
Organizations (MDOs) to offer technical assistance, training, and microloans to
rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises.

RMAP funding may be used to provide fixed interest rate microloans to rural
microentrepreneurs for startup and growing microenterprises. Eligible MDOs will
be automatically eligible to receive microlender technical assistance grants to
provide technical assistance and training to microentrepreneurs that have
received or are seeking a microloan under RMAP.

Technical assistance-only grants (for technical assistance and training) may be
made to MDOs that have sources of funding other than RMAP funds for making or
facilitating microloans.
Eligibility

Nonprofit entities, Indian tribes, and public institutions of higher education
that, for the benefit of rural microentrepreneurs and microenterprises, provides
training and technical assistance, makes microloans or facilitates access to
capital or another related service, and/or has demonstrated record of
delivering, or an effective plan to develop a program to deliver such services.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding: $12,224,613.35
Technical Assistance (TA) Only Grants: $300,000
Microlender TA Grants: $1,209,696.97
Loans: $10,714,916.38

The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent of the total
amount of the grant in the form of matching funds, indirect costs, or in-kind
goods or services.
Application
process

Applications will be accepted on a quarterly basis using Federal fiscal
quarters; however the June 30, 2013, quarterly deadline is extended to September
13, 2013.

Completed applications must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) Rural Development State Offices no later than the deadline of September
13, 2013, to be considered for funds available in FY 2013. Applications received
after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be reviewed and evaluated for
funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.

Applications and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office.
However, applicants are encouraged to submit grant-only applications through
grants.gov.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Regulatory update: Public Service Commission of Wisconsin; Public Service
Commission of Wisconsin , has issued (5-FE-102) Organic Valley / CROPP
Cooperative request to intervene

LENGTH: 536  words

DATELINE: New York



 Madison: Public Service Commission of Wisconsin has issued the following
document (Request for Intervenor / Party Status):



 CROPP Cooperative One Organic Way La Farge WI 54639 ph 608 625 2602 fx 608 625
2600 www.organicvalley.coop



 Honorable Michael E. Newmark

 Administrative Law Judge

 Public Service Commission of Wisconsin

 P.O. Box 7854

 Madison, WI 53707-7854

 Re: Investigation into Improving Access to the Statewide Energy Efficiency and
Renewable Resource Programs

 in Rural Wisconsin that Are Underserved by Broadband Service Providers

 Docket No. 5-FE-102

 Dear Judge Newmark:



 Enclosed please find a request for Full/Interested Party Intervention on behalf
of Organic Valley / CROPP

 Cooperative in the above-titled matter. Please include Organic Valley / CROPP
Cooperative on the service list for

 this docket and see that all documents and transcripts are sent to Organic
Valley / CROPP Cooperative.

 An agricultural cooperative headquartered in La Farge, Organic Valley / CROPP
Cooperative promotes renewable

 energy and energy efficiency to its 500+ farmer-members in Wisconsin.

 Organic Valley / CROPP Cooperative has been an advocate for clean, renewable
electricity since its inception in

 1988. Organic Valley and its members, who live and work in areas served by the
Focus on Energy program, have a

 substantial interest in and will be affected by decisions that are made by the
Commission in this docket.

 Therefore, Organic Valley / CROPP Cooperative requests that the Commission
grant its request to intervene as a

 full party in the above-captioned docket in order to advocate on behalf of its
members.

 Sincerely,

 Jonathan Reinbold

 Sustainability, Research & Grant Manager

 PSC REF#:291574

 Public Service Commission of Wisconsin

 RECEIVED: 09/14/16, 2:28:08 PM

 CROPP Cooperative One Organic Way La Farge WI 54639 ph 608 625 2602 fx 608 625
2600 www.organicvalley.coop

 BEFORE THE

 PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION OF WISCONSIN

 Re: Investigation into Improving Access to the Statewide Energy Efficiency and
Renewable Resource Programs

 in Rural Wisconsin that Are Underserved by Broadband Service Providers

 Docket No. 5-FE-102

 NOTICE OF FULL/INTERESTED PARTY INTERVENTION

 Please take notice that pursuant to PSC 2.21(2). Wisconsin Administrative Code,
Organic Valley / CROPP

 Cooperative submits in writing this request to appear in the above-titled
matter as a full-party

 intervener so as to assert its interest in this matter. Copies of all
transcripts, exhibits, pleadings,

 correspondence, petitions for rehearing and review and all other documents
including pre-filed

 testimony submitted by the parties or issued by the Commission shall be served
on Organic Valley /

 CROPP Cooperative at the address listed below. Certification of full parties
for the purpose of receiving

 service of any petitions for rehearing or review should include Organic Valley
/ CROPP Cooperative.



 Submitted by:

 _______________________________

 Jonathan Reinbold

 Sustainability, Research & Grant Manager

 Organic Valley / CROPP Cooperative

 One Organic Way

 La Farge, WI 54639

 (608) 625-3622

 Jonathan.reinbold@organicvalley.coop



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

Minnesota:DEED Awards Broadband Grants Totaling $19.4 Million

LENGTH: 3318  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Department of Employment and Economic Development has issued the following news
release:

The Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development (DEED) today
announced grants totaling $19.4 million to help 17 entities in Minnesota develop
broadband infrastructure in their communities. The awards will help serve 6,095
households, 83 community institutions and 150 businesses in unserved or
underserved regions of the state.

DEED awarded the funding from its Border-to-Border Broadband Development Grant
Program, which Gov. Mark Dayton signed into law in May of 2014. The grants will
provide up to 50 percent of the cost of developing broadband for improved
high-speed Internet in communities across the state.

"Minnesotans have a proud history of innovation," said Lt. Governor Tina Smith.
"Ensuring that all Minnesotans have access to high-speed broadband Internet is
critical to unleashing the next generation of dreamers and innovators. These new
infrastructure investments will help Greater Minnesota communities compete in
the global economy."

This week, Smith will travel to Chisholm, Brainerd, Fergus Falls and Luverne for
broadband roundtable discussions with grant awardees and key stakeholders.

DEED's Office of Broadband Development, which directs broadband planning and
policy statewide, managed the grant program and application process for
projects. Projects were selected by a DEED team based on several criteria:
percentage and number of unserved or underserved households and businesses in
the project area, amount of funding requested, project readiness, project
sustainability, community support and partnerships, the economy of the area, and
technical assistance and other support available in each project area.

Altogether, DEED received funding requests for $44.2 million and 40 projects
around the state.

"When we launched the state's first Broadband Grant Program, we sought to meet
the needs of the 450,000 Minnesota homes and businesses that lack high-speed
broadband access," said DEED Commissioner Katie Clark Sieben. "This is an
economic development and quality of life issue that is essential to Minnesota's
ability to compete, and will move us closer to our goal of ensuring all state
residents, schools and businesses have access to high-speed Internet."

The Legislature originally approved $20 million for the program. The $19.4
million that DEED awarded represents 100 percent of the total amount that was
available to the Office of Broadband Development. Three percent of the
legislative funding is being used to cover administrative costs for the grant
review and oversight process.

A map at www.tinyurl.com/DEEDBroadbandMap shows the location of each project and
the amount awarded. More details about the broadband program are at
www.tinyurl.com/DEEDBroadbandProgram . The following list provides more details
on each project:

Arvig (Mainstreet Communications LLC), Sauk Lake area. Awarded $536,702 to build
broadband infrastructure to serve 217 unserved premises in the Sauk Lake area,
which is located primarily in Todd County (with some project area in rural
Stearns County) just north of Sauk Centre. This is an unserved area where no
wired broadband infrastructure is available. The full project cost is $1.07
million; the remaining $536,703 (50 percent) will be supplied by a private
investment made by Arvig.

Community and Economic Development Impact: It is estimated that 20 percent of
the premises to be served are either a business or running a home-based
business. In addition, students will gain household Internet connectivity,
enabling online homework and other distance learning applications in local
school districts.

CenturyLink Foley, Benton County-Balkan Township.  Awarded $382,883 to build
broadband infrastructure to serve 162 unserved households in Foley, Benton
County and Balkan Township (near Chisholm in St. Louis County). The full project
cost is $995,977. The remaining 62 percent match is to be provided by the Iron
Range Resources and Rehabilitation Board (IRRRB) ($230,211 for the Balkan
project) and CenturyLink ($382,883).

Community and Economic Development Impact: Rural areas benefit from high- speed
broadband connecting home-based businesses. Ten businesses in the project area
will have access to increased broadband service. Community institutions
including a fire department, community center and town hall, will be connected,
as well as connectivity for lifelong learning opportunities.

Consolidated Telephone Cooperative (CTC), Region 5 Virtual Highway Project.
Awarded $2 million to bring high-speed Internet to 247 unserved and 90
underserved premises in Cass, Crow Wing and Morrison counties. This is a
shovel-ready first phase in a regional broadband development effort. The full
project cost is $4.22 million. The remaining $2.22 million (53 percent) in
matching funds will be supplied by a private investment made by CTC.

Community and Economic Development Impact: This project builds on a
multi-sector, multi-year and multi-community strategic planning and
implementation process for sustainable community and economic development led by
the Region 5 Development Commission. Region 5 is the only region in the state
where all five counties are classified as economically distressed.

Dunnell Telephone Co., City of Dunnell, Martin County. Awarded $625,000 as a 42
percent match for a $1.49 million project to build connections at state speed
goals for 174 unserved households in Dunnell in Martin County. The remaining
$867,650 (58 percent match) will be provided by Dunnell Telephone Co.

Community and Economic Development Impact: In addition to connecting local
home-based businesses and providing local online learning opportunities, this
project also increases access to health care services, as there are no local
health care facilities in the area.

Federated Telephone Cooperative, Big Stone County. Awarded $3.92 million to
construct broadband infrastructure that will make service available to 1,072
unserved premises. The full project cost is $7.92 million; the remaining $4
million (51 percent) in matching funds will be raised through tax abatement
bonds, with the county loaning the bond proceeds to Federated. This project will
cover the north half of Big Stone County, as well as the western tract that runs
from south to north surrounding the city of Ortonville. The area will include
the communities of Barry, Beardsley and Johnson along with the rural parts of
western and northern Big Stone County.

Community and Economic Development Impact: In addition to connecting local
businesses and providing local online learning opportunities, 45 percent of the
new service drops are farming operations that now can make use of high-tech
agricultural and agribusiness applications.

Halstad Telephone Co., Halstad Tract MN 11902500 FTTH. Awarded $1.65 million to
provide broadband service to 249 unserved locations in Polk County. The full
project cost is $3.3 million; the remaining $1.65 million (50 percent) match
will be provided by a private investment made by Halstad Telephone. This project
surrounds the outskirts of Crookston on all sides except the west side.
Halstad's existing service area will help provide middle mile redundancy to the
proposed project area.

Community and Economic Development Impact: The project area is highly
agricultural. U.S. Department of Agriculture research shows employment grows
faster in counties that have greater broadband Internet access than in similarly
situated rural counties without broadband access. The research also states the
farm sector is more likely to embed broadband Internet access into productivity,
as its basic inputs are more fixed than other sectors of the economy.

Ultimately, broadband technology will ensure farmers and ranchers can stay on
top of the market and diversify their industry offerings.

Interstate Telecommunications Cooperative (ITC), Hendricks Town FTTP. Awarded
$700,000 to bring the town of Hendricks in Lincoln County service that surpasses
state speed goals. Underserved customers that would benefit include 377
households and farms, 57 businesses, three home-based businesses and eight
community anchor institutions. The full project cost is $1.87 million; the
remaining $1.17 million (63 percent) match will be provided by a private
investment made by ITC.

Community and Economic Development Impact: The Hendricks Town FTTP Project will
promote rural economic development by providing access to state-of-the-art
broadband services to 100 percent of the households and businesses in the funded
service area. It will expand the educational, economic and health care
opportunities for the community. It will also address public safety concerns in
the area by delivering highly desirable broadband services to community anchor
institutions and wireless towers in the area. The proposed network has the
ability to provide broadband data speeds of 1 Gbps or more in the future. ITC
and city leaders believe that sustainable broadband adoption will transform this
underserved, low- income area into a highly productive community.

Mediacom, Pintar Road. Awarded $137,848 to provide broadband services to 122
unserved homes and businesses on the southwest edge of the city limits of
Hibbing. The full cost of this project is $275,697; the remaining $137,849 in
matching funds (50 percent) will be provided by a private investment made by
Mediacom.

Community and Economic Development Impact: Residents will be able to access the
latest telemedicine innovations and will be able to telecommute. Existing
commercial accounts that currently contract with Mediacom will be able to expand
their telecommuting employee bases by leveraging the broadband services made
available to their employees' homes.

Entry costs for advanced services will be lowered for all businesses as a result
of this project's extension of service. It will also provide for future
public-private partnerships with St. Louis County by leveraging the expanded
fiber optic network.

Northeast Service Cooperative (NESC) - Frontier Communications Corp., Border to
Border Phase I. Awarded $1.96 million for their Phase I project that extends
fiber from NESC's middle mile network to 877 unserved end users and to serving
nodes. The total project costs are $4.35 million; the remaining $2.39 million
(55 percent local match) will be provided by IRRRB ($1.5 million), Frontier
($750,000) and NESC ($135,000).The proposed project is in scattered locations in
St. Louis County, including areas in and around Crane Lake, Alborn, Meadowlands,
Brookston, Forbes, Kelsey, Soudan, Kabetogama, Ely and Tower.

Community and Economic Development Impact: This project will provide single
office/home office businesses with greater speeds to improve operational
capacity and bring reliable, steady connections to the Internet. It will also
provide access to remote health care solutions that require higher capacity
connections and will link citizens to educational resources and local school
districts from their households.

Otter Tail Telcom, Swan Lake West. Awarded $438,937 to expand existing
infrastructure and bring fiber-to-the-home services to 110 unserved locations,
including permanent residences with work-from-home employees near Swan Lake, on
the outskirts of Fergus Falls, along the I-94 corridor. The total project costs
are $877,874; the remaining $438,937 (50 percent local match) will be provided
by Otter Tail Telcom.

Community and Economic Development Impact: Fergus Falls calls itself the
"telework capital of Minnesota." This project will continue the build-out in and
around Fergus Falls to make that goal a reality for a growing number of people
living, working, and operating or starting businesses in the Fergus Falls
region.

Otter Tail Telcom, Stuart Lake. Awarded $105,364 to expand existing
infrastructure to bring fiber-to-the-home service to 47 unserved locations,
including 46 homes and one business near Stuart Lake, just north of State
Highway 210 and east of Fergus Falls (between Clitherall and Vining). Total
project costs are $210,729; the remaining $105,365 (50 percent local match) will
be provided by Otter Tail Telcom.

Community and Economic Development Impact: Fergus Falls calls itself the
"telework capital of Minnesota." This project will continue the build-out in and
around Fergus Falls to make that goal a reality for a growing number of people
living, working, and operating and/or starting businesses in the Fergus Falls
region.

Otter Tail Telcom, 245th. Awarded $108,553 to serve the northeastern outskirts
of Fergus Falls near 245th Street. The project will expand existing
infrastructure to bring fiber-to-the-home service to 39 unserved locations,
including permanent residences and work-from-home employees. The total project
costs are $217,105; the remaining $108,553 (50 percent local match) will be
provided by Otter Tail Telcom.

Community and Economic Development Impact: Fergus Falls calls itself the
"telework capital of Minnesota." This project will continue the build-out in and
around Fergus Falls to make that goal a reality for a growing number of people
living, working, and operating and/or starting businesses in the Fergus Falls
region.

Palmer Wireless, Becker Industrial Park . Awarded $151,934 to deploy 3.4 miles
of fiber passing 21 underserved businesses in the Becker Industrial Park (city
of Becker) as well as to 12 vacant city-owned lots covering 70 acres. In
addition, one of the vacant lots is the future site of the Northstar station.
The total project costs are $303,870; the remaining $151,936 (50 percent local
match) will be provided by Palmer Wireless via a line of credit.

Community and Economic Development Impact: Superfast broadband improves the
performance of existing firms, enables new businesses to emerge and encourages
flexible working patterns - all positives for business and workforce needs now
and into the future. Improving broadband service to the industrial park was the
No. 1 priority for Becker based on a local broadband survey of residents and
business owners.

Rock County Broadband Alliance (RCBA), FTTP project . Awarded $5 million to
deploy fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) service for approximately 1,085 underserved
and 265 unserved locations in Rock County. The total project costs are $12.85
million; the remaining $7.85 million (61 percent local match) will be provided
by Alliance Communications Cooperative as an equity infusion to RCBA, which is a
wholly owned subsidiary of Alliance. Locations include 1,261 households and
farms, approximately 68 businesses and 21 anchor institutions in the Jasper,
Beaver Creek and Hardwick town and rural areas surrounding Luverne.

Community and Economic Development Impact:   The project will bring FTTP service
to all remaining unserved and underserved locations in Rock County, bringing to
93 percent coverage all businesses and households in the county. Education,
energy efficiency, public safety and health care will improve, stimulating new
jobs and economic growth. In particular in Rock County, access to health care is
becoming more reliant on broadband infrastructure for both patients and health
care professionals. For example, in remote rural locations, physicians who are
on-call from their homes would be able to log into a patient's chart and respond
to a nurse's request or see follow-up testing. Home monitoring capabilities help
patients of all ages remain in their homes with high quality care, reducing
health care costs and ensuring stronger community quality of life. Full county
broadband coverage will provide significantly more reliable and faster
communications for first responders and public safety officials.

R-S Fiber Cooperative, FTTH Project. Awarded $1 million to bring fiber-to-the
-home (FTTH) service to 62 unserved and 536 underserved locations in Sibley and
Renville counties. Total project costs are $3.32 million; the remaining $2.32
million (70 percent local match) will be provided by a line of credit that R-S
Fiber Telcom has committed and partner equity. This project is part of a larger
cooperative project estimated at $38.46 million that will upgrade broadband
services to several thousand locations in the region. Hiawatha Broadband
Communications will provide operational capacity.

Community and Economic Development Impact:   In 2013, Sibley County was added to
the Metropolitan Statistical Area of the Twin Cities. Twin Cities metro regional
economic development strategy indicates that access to high-speed fiber networks
is a critical component that companies consider when deciding whether to
relocate to an area.

The project's affiliation with US Ignite will spur the development of incubator
technology start-up businesses, bringing gigabit applications to life. US Ignite
is a national consortium of 26 technology companies started through
collaboration between the White House Office of Technology and the National
Science Foundation. Because Hiawatha Broadband Communications is one of US
Ignite's initial 26 technology partners, the R-S Fiber project is eligible to be
a US Ignite community.

When the network is operational, US Ignite will help member communities develop
incubator technology start-up businesses whose mission will be to develop
applications specifically for the R-S Fiber Cooperative network in the areas of
education, health care, senior citizens and agricultural production. In
addition, the project will have access to applications already developed through
US Ignite partnerships.

Sjoberg Cable, Broadband Grant Proposal . Awarded $261,575 to provide broadband
services to 107 unserved and 49 underserved locations using fiber-to-
the-premise technology, predominantly in extremely rural and agricultural areas.
The project would build-out in five areas in Roseau County near Roseau, Warroad
and Salol. The total project costs are $523,150; the remaining $261,575 (50
percent local match) will be provided by Sjoberg's Inc.

Community and Economic Development Impact: The project will connect several
pockets of businesses, homes and farms to fiber, leveraging a recent middle mile
build-out that was part of the USDA Rural Utilities Service's Broadband
Initiatives Program. Access to high-speed broadband services will enhance the
overall quality of life, spur economic development, and improve services
delivered by critical community and public safety entities.

High-speed broadband is critical to major businesses in the area, such as Marvin
Windows and Polaris Industries that have local world headquarters here along
with a worldwide footprint. High-speed connections for small businesses located
in the grant project area will enhance their ability to be subcontractors to
these larger businesses.

Wikstrom Telephone, Kittson, Marshall, Roseau Broadband Extension. Awarded
$425,000 to bring fiber-to-the-home service to 73 unserved and 43 underserved
locations in Kittson (15 premises), Marshall (50 premises) and Roseau (51
premises) counties. The total project costs are $943,827; the remaining $518,827
(55 percent local match) will be provided by Wikstrom.

Community and Economic Development Impact:   The project leverages Wikstrom's
nearly 1,200 mile middle-mile and distribution fiber facilities to serve the
grant project areas. Among other improvements in community and economic
development capacity, broadband connectivity in these remote areas of
northwestern Minnesota will enable more effective teleworking, which creates
more and new employment opportunities for households. It also opens up
additional labor force capacity for employers regardless of location.

DEED is the state's principal economic development agency, promoting business
recruitment, expansion and retention, workforce development, international trade
and community development.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

Minnesota:DEED Awards Broadband Grants Totaling $19.4 Million

LENGTH: 3318  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Department of Employment and Economic Development has issued the following news
release:

The Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development (DEED) today
announced grants totaling $19.4 million to help 17 entities in Minnesota develop
broadband infrastructure in their communities. The awards will help serve 6,095
households, 83 community institutions and 150 businesses in unserved or
underserved regions of the state.

DEED awarded the funding from its Border-to-Border Broadband Development Grant
Program, which Gov. Mark Dayton signed into law in May of 2014. The grants will
provide up to 50 percent of the cost of developing broadband for improved
high-speed Internet in communities across the state.

"Minnesotans have a proud history of innovation," said Lt. Governor Tina Smith.
"Ensuring that all Minnesotans have access to high-speed broadband Internet is
critical to unleashing the next generation of dreamers and innovators. These new
infrastructure investments will help Greater Minnesota communities compete in
the global economy."

This week, Smith will travel to Chisholm, Brainerd, Fergus Falls and Luverne for
broadband roundtable discussions with grant awardees and key stakeholders.

DEED's Office of Broadband Development, which directs broadband planning and
policy statewide, managed the grant program and application process for
projects. Projects were selected by a DEED team based on several criteria:
percentage and number of unserved or underserved households and businesses in
the project area, amount of funding requested, project readiness, project
sustainability, community support and partnerships, the economy of the area, and
technical assistance and other support available in each project area.

Altogether, DEED received funding requests for $44.2 million and 40 projects
around the state.

"When we launched the state's first Broadband Grant Program, we sought to meet
the needs of the 450,000 Minnesota homes and businesses that lack high-speed
broadband access," said DEED Commissioner Katie Clark Sieben. "This is an
economic development and quality of life issue that is essential to Minnesota's
ability to compete, and will move us closer to our goal of ensuring all state
residents, schools and businesses have access to high-speed Internet."

The Legislature originally approved $20 million for the program. The $19.4
million that DEED awarded represents 100 percent of the total amount that was
available to the Office of Broadband Development. Three percent of the
legislative funding is being used to cover administrative costs for the grant
review and oversight process.

A map at www.tinyurl.com/DEEDBroadbandMap shows the location of each project and
the amount awarded. More details about the broadband program are at
www.tinyurl.com/DEEDBroadbandProgram . The following list provides more details
on each project:

Arvig (Mainstreet Communications LLC), Sauk Lake area. Awarded $536,702 to build
broadband infrastructure to serve 217 unserved premises in the Sauk Lake area,
which is located primarily in Todd County (with some project area in rural
Stearns County) just north of Sauk Centre. This is an unserved area where no
wired broadband infrastructure is available. The full project cost is $1.07
million; the remaining $536,703 (50 percent) will be supplied by a private
investment made by Arvig.

Community and Economic Development Impact: It is estimated that 20 percent of
the premises to be served are either a business or running a home-based
business. In addition, students will gain household Internet connectivity,
enabling online homework and other distance learning applications in local
school districts.

CenturyLink Foley, Benton County-Balkan Township.  Awarded $382,883 to build
broadband infrastructure to serve 162 unserved households in Foley, Benton
County and Balkan Township (near Chisholm in St. Louis County). The full project
cost is $995,977. The remaining 62 percent match is to be provided by the Iron
Range Resources and Rehabilitation Board (IRRRB) ($230,211 for the Balkan
project) and CenturyLink ($382,883).

Community and Economic Development Impact: Rural areas benefit from high- speed
broadband connecting home-based businesses. Ten businesses in the project area
will have access to increased broadband service. Community institutions
including a fire department, community center and town hall, will be connected,
as well as connectivity for lifelong learning opportunities.

Consolidated Telephone Cooperative (CTC), Region 5 Virtual Highway Project.
Awarded $2 million to bring high-speed Internet to 247 unserved and 90
underserved premises in Cass, Crow Wing and Morrison counties. This is a
shovel-ready first phase in a regional broadband development effort. The full
project cost is $4.22 million. The remaining $2.22 million (53 percent) in
matching funds will be supplied by a private investment made by CTC.

Community and Economic Development Impact: This project builds on a
multi-sector, multi-year and multi-community strategic planning and
implementation process for sustainable community and economic development led by
the Region 5 Development Commission. Region 5 is the only region in the state
where all five counties are classified as economically distressed.

Dunnell Telephone Co., City of Dunnell, Martin County. Awarded $625,000 as a 42
percent match for a $1.49 million project to build connections at state speed
goals for 174 unserved households in Dunnell in Martin County. The remaining
$867,650 (58 percent match) will be provided by Dunnell Telephone Co.

Community and Economic Development Impact: In addition to connecting local
home-based businesses and providing local online learning opportunities, this
project also increases access to health care services, as there are no local
health care facilities in the area.

Federated Telephone Cooperative, Big Stone County. Awarded $3.92 million to
construct broadband infrastructure that will make service available to 1,072
unserved premises. The full project cost is $7.92 million; the remaining $4
million (51 percent) in matching funds will be raised through tax abatement
bonds, with the county loaning the bond proceeds to Federated. This project will
cover the north half of Big Stone County, as well as the western tract that runs
from south to north surrounding the city of Ortonville. The area will include
the communities of Barry, Beardsley and Johnson along with the rural parts of
western and northern Big Stone County.

Community and Economic Development Impact: In addition to connecting local
businesses and providing local online learning opportunities, 45 percent of the
new service drops are farming operations that now can make use of high-tech
agricultural and agribusiness applications.

Halstad Telephone Co., Halstad Tract MN 11902500 FTTH. Awarded $1.65 million to
provide broadband service to 249 unserved locations in Polk County. The full
project cost is $3.3 million; the remaining $1.65 million (50 percent) match
will be provided by a private investment made by Halstad Telephone. This project
surrounds the outskirts of Crookston on all sides except the west side.
Halstad's existing service area will help provide middle mile redundancy to the
proposed project area.

Community and Economic Development Impact: The project area is highly
agricultural. U.S. Department of Agriculture research shows employment grows
faster in counties that have greater broadband Internet access than in similarly
situated rural counties without broadband access. The research also states the
farm sector is more likely to embed broadband Internet access into productivity,
as its basic inputs are more fixed than other sectors of the economy.

Ultimately, broadband technology will ensure farmers and ranchers can stay on
top of the market and diversify their industry offerings.

Interstate Telecommunications Cooperative (ITC), Hendricks Town FTTP. Awarded
$700,000 to bring the town of Hendricks in Lincoln County service that surpasses
state speed goals. Underserved customers that would benefit include 377
households and farms, 57 businesses, three home-based businesses and eight
community anchor institutions. The full project cost is $1.87 million; the
remaining $1.17 million (63 percent) match will be provided by a private
investment made by ITC.

Community and Economic Development Impact: The Hendricks Town FTTP Project will
promote rural economic development by providing access to state-of-the-art
broadband services to 100 percent of the households and businesses in the funded
service area. It will expand the educational, economic and health care
opportunities for the community. It will also address public safety concerns in
the area by delivering highly desirable broadband services to community anchor
institutions and wireless towers in the area. The proposed network has the
ability to provide broadband data speeds of 1 Gbps or more in the future. ITC
and city leaders believe that sustainable broadband adoption will transform this
underserved, low- income area into a highly productive community.

Mediacom, Pintar Road. Awarded $137,848 to provide broadband services to 122
unserved homes and businesses on the southwest edge of the city limits of
Hibbing. The full cost of this project is $275,697; the remaining $137,849 in
matching funds (50 percent) will be provided by a private investment made by
Mediacom.

Community and Economic Development Impact: Residents will be able to access the
latest telemedicine innovations and will be able to telecommute. Existing
commercial accounts that currently contract with Mediacom will be able to expand
their telecommuting employee bases by leveraging the broadband services made
available to their employees' homes.

Entry costs for advanced services will be lowered for all businesses as a result
of this project's extension of service. It will also provide for future
public-private partnerships with St. Louis County by leveraging the expanded
fiber optic network.

Northeast Service Cooperative (NESC) - Frontier Communications Corp., Border to
Border Phase I. Awarded $1.96 million for their Phase I project that extends
fiber from NESC's middle mile network to 877 unserved end users and to serving
nodes. The total project costs are $4.35 million; the remaining $2.39 million
(55 percent local match) will be provided by IRRRB ($1.5 million), Frontier
($750,000) and NESC ($135,000).The proposed project is in scattered locations in
St. Louis County, including areas in and around Crane Lake, Alborn, Meadowlands,
Brookston, Forbes, Kelsey, Soudan, Kabetogama, Ely and Tower.

Community and Economic Development Impact: This project will provide single
office/home office businesses with greater speeds to improve operational
capacity and bring reliable, steady connections to the Internet. It will also
provide access to remote health care solutions that require higher capacity
connections and will link citizens to educational resources and local school
districts from their households.

Otter Tail Telcom, Swan Lake West. Awarded $438,937 to expand existing
infrastructure and bring fiber-to-the-home services to 110 unserved locations,
including permanent residences with work-from-home employees near Swan Lake, on
the outskirts of Fergus Falls, along the I-94 corridor. The total project costs
are $877,874; the remaining $438,937 (50 percent local match) will be provided
by Otter Tail Telcom.

Community and Economic Development Impact: Fergus Falls calls itself the
"telework capital of Minnesota." This project will continue the build-out in and
around Fergus Falls to make that goal a reality for a growing number of people
living, working, and operating or starting businesses in the Fergus Falls
region.

Otter Tail Telcom, Stuart Lake. Awarded $105,364 to expand existing
infrastructure to bring fiber-to-the-home service to 47 unserved locations,
including 46 homes and one business near Stuart Lake, just north of State
Highway 210 and east of Fergus Falls (between Clitherall and Vining). Total
project costs are $210,729; the remaining $105,365 (50 percent local match) will
be provided by Otter Tail Telcom.

Community and Economic Development Impact: Fergus Falls calls itself the
"telework capital of Minnesota." This project will continue the build-out in and
around Fergus Falls to make that goal a reality for a growing number of people
living, working, and operating and/or starting businesses in the Fergus Falls
region.

Otter Tail Telcom, 245th. Awarded $108,553 to serve the northeastern outskirts
of Fergus Falls near 245th Street. The project will expand existing
infrastructure to bring fiber-to-the-home service to 39 unserved locations,
including permanent residences and work-from-home employees. The total project
costs are $217,105; the remaining $108,553 (50 percent local match) will be
provided by Otter Tail Telcom.

Community and Economic Development Impact: Fergus Falls calls itself the
"telework capital of Minnesota." This project will continue the build-out in and
around Fergus Falls to make that goal a reality for a growing number of people
living, working, and operating and/or starting businesses in the Fergus Falls
region.

Palmer Wireless, Becker Industrial Park . Awarded $151,934 to deploy 3.4 miles
of fiber passing 21 underserved businesses in the Becker Industrial Park (city
of Becker) as well as to 12 vacant city-owned lots covering 70 acres. In
addition, one of the vacant lots is the future site of the Northstar station.
The total project costs are $303,870; the remaining $151,936 (50 percent local
match) will be provided by Palmer Wireless via a line of credit.

Community and Economic Development Impact: Superfast broadband improves the
performance of existing firms, enables new businesses to emerge and encourages
flexible working patterns - all positives for business and workforce needs now
and into the future. Improving broadband service to the industrial park was the
No. 1 priority for Becker based on a local broadband survey of residents and
business owners.

Rock County Broadband Alliance (RCBA), FTTP project . Awarded $5 million to
deploy fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) service for approximately 1,085 underserved
and 265 unserved locations in Rock County. The total project costs are $12.85
million; the remaining $7.85 million (61 percent local match) will be provided
by Alliance Communications Cooperative as an equity infusion to RCBA, which is a
wholly owned subsidiary of Alliance. Locations include 1,261 households and
farms, approximately 68 businesses and 21 anchor institutions in the Jasper,
Beaver Creek and Hardwick town and rural areas surrounding Luverne.

Community and Economic Development Impact:   The project will bring FTTP service
to all remaining unserved and underserved locations in Rock County, bringing to
93 percent coverage all businesses and households in the county. Education,
energy efficiency, public safety and health care will improve, stimulating new
jobs and economic growth. In particular in Rock County, access to health care is
becoming more reliant on broadband infrastructure for both patients and health
care professionals. For example, in remote rural locations, physicians who are
on-call from their homes would be able to log into a patient's chart and respond
to a nurse's request or see follow-up testing. Home monitoring capabilities help
patients of all ages remain in their homes with high quality care, reducing
health care costs and ensuring stronger community quality of life. Full county
broadband coverage will provide significantly more reliable and faster
communications for first responders and public safety officials.

R-S Fiber Cooperative, FTTH Project. Awarded $1 million to bring fiber-to-the
-home (FTTH) service to 62 unserved and 536 underserved locations in Sibley and
Renville counties. Total project costs are $3.32 million; the remaining $2.32
million (70 percent local match) will be provided by a line of credit that R-S
Fiber Telcom has committed and partner equity. This project is part of a larger
cooperative project estimated at $38.46 million that will upgrade broadband
services to several thousand locations in the region. Hiawatha Broadband
Communications will provide operational capacity.

Community and Economic Development Impact:   In 2013, Sibley County was added to
the Metropolitan Statistical Area of the Twin Cities. Twin Cities metro regional
economic development strategy indicates that access to high-speed fiber networks
is a critical component that companies consider when deciding whether to
relocate to an area.

The project's affiliation with US Ignite will spur the development of incubator
technology start-up businesses, bringing gigabit applications to life. US Ignite
is a national consortium of 26 technology companies started through
collaboration between the White House Office of Technology and the National
Science Foundation. Because Hiawatha Broadband Communications is one of US
Ignite's initial 26 technology partners, the R-S Fiber project is eligible to be
a US Ignite community.

When the network is operational, US Ignite will help member communities develop
incubator technology start-up businesses whose mission will be to develop
applications specifically for the R-S Fiber Cooperative network in the areas of
education, health care, senior citizens and agricultural production. In
addition, the project will have access to applications already developed through
US Ignite partnerships.

Sjoberg Cable, Broadband Grant Proposal . Awarded $261,575 to provide broadband
services to 107 unserved and 49 underserved locations using fiber-to-
the-premise technology, predominantly in extremely rural and agricultural areas.
The project would build-out in five areas in Roseau County near Roseau, Warroad
and Salol. The total project costs are $523,150; the remaining $261,575 (50
percent local match) will be provided by Sjoberg's Inc.

Community and Economic Development Impact: The project will connect several
pockets of businesses, homes and farms to fiber, leveraging a recent middle mile
build-out that was part of the USDA Rural Utilities Service's Broadband
Initiatives Program. Access to high-speed broadband services will enhance the
overall quality of life, spur economic development, and improve services
delivered by critical community and public safety entities.

High-speed broadband is critical to major businesses in the area, such as Marvin
Windows and Polaris Industries that have local world headquarters here along
with a worldwide footprint. High-speed connections for small businesses located
in the grant project area will enhance their ability to be subcontractors to
these larger businesses.

Wikstrom Telephone, Kittson, Marshall, Roseau Broadband Extension. Awarded
$425,000 to bring fiber-to-the-home service to 73 unserved and 43 underserved
locations in Kittson (15 premises), Marshall (50 premises) and Roseau (51
premises) counties. The total project costs are $943,827; the remaining $518,827
(55 percent local match) will be provided by Wikstrom.

Community and Economic Development Impact:   The project leverages Wikstrom's
nearly 1,200 mile middle-mile and distribution fiber facilities to serve the
grant project areas. Among other improvements in community and economic
development capacity, broadband connectivity in these remote areas of
northwestern Minnesota will enable more effective teleworking, which creates
more and new employment opportunities for households. It also opens up
additional labor force capacity for employers regardless of location.

DEED is the state's principal economic development agency, promoting business
recruitment, expansion and retention, workforce development, international trade
and community development.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Glasgow Daily Times (Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Finance committee previews audit

BYLINE: Melinda J. Overstreet, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 865 words


March 07--The Glasgow City Council Finance Committee got a preview Thursday of
an auditor's report that will be presented to the full council Monday evening.

Belinda Coulter, a certified public accountant with Taylor, Polson and Co.,
could not attend the meeting because of road conditions after the overnight
snow, according to Mayor Dick Doty, so Coulter walked committee members through
the 95-page draft version of the report by telephone.

Although there were some issues she was required to note, Coulter said, the
overall report was good. The financial statements for the fiscal year ending
June 30  "presented fairly, in all material respects, the respective financial
position" of the city's accounts, the report said.

"That's a clean opinion, a good opinion," Coulter told the group.

The overall net position of the funds for primary governmental activities
increased by nearly $1 million -- from $49,334,095 to $50,302,450, she said.

She also recapped the final revenue and spending figures for the general fund
and pointed out the ones for the other funds as well.

For FY '14, general fund revenues were $956,983 more than what was budgeted, and
expenses were $872,688 less than budgeted; overall, the city came out of that
fiscal year roughly $2 million better than was projected by the budget.

It had called for a dependence on $1.4 million from what is called the fund
balance -- money carried over from the prior years -- to balance the anticipated
expenses. When the year was done, instead of taking from the fund balance,
$610,464 was actually added to it.

One "material weakness" was found during the audit process, Coulter noted. A
material weakness is "a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies, in internal
control, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of the entity's financial statements will not be prevented or
detected and corrected on a timely basis."

The city is required to list all federal awards on one form, and there was a
misinterpretation of the rules relating to that list so that city officials
thought only grants, and not loans, had to be listed in that particular format,
said Stephanie Garrett, city treasurer.

The city received a $1 million no-interest loan from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Program, funneled
through Farmers Rural Electric Cooperative Corp., to construct a methane
collection system at the Glasgow Regional Landfill. That system will deliver the
gas that is produced naturally by the decomposition process to a generating
plant to be constructed at the landfill that will turn that gas into
electricity.

That loan, which is being repaid, was not included in the listing as required.

With the loan added in, the total expenditures of federal awards was $1,149,884.

A big part of the concern, Coulter said, was that if that amount of federal
awards goes over a certain threshold amount -- currently $500,000 -- a separate
audit and report have to be completed, so if she hadn't asked questions about
the loan, she would not have known to take those additional steps.

She recommended that everyone involved in the process have additional training
on those rules.

The city's official response, included in the written report, was: "Corrective
action will be taken by applying proper training, reporting, communication and
procedures to all those involved in Grant Accounting and Requirements. As a part
of the corrective action, the City will revisit the procedures and requirements
pertaining to all grants."

Councilwoman Chasity Lowery asked whether, other than the notations in the
report and the expected corrective actions, there were any other consequences
for the error, and city staff members and Coulter said there were not.

The audit also found three "material misstatements," which were essentially
errors of misclassification and system issues, city officials said. All were
related to landfill funds. The capitalized amount on the methane system loan,
for example, was put in under the wrong account number, so it would not have
been included in depreciation calculations, said Joe Lascala, city finance
officer.

In another case, an invoice had been put in the system in the last few days of
the fiscal year, but an error was discovered, and when the attempt was made to
redo it, the accounting system kicked it into the next fiscal year, Garrett
said. The third issue was also a case of an amount going in the system in the
wrong time period.

All three of those issues that were considered material misstatements were
corrected during the audit process, which was wrapped up last week, Doty said.

Councilman Brad Groce, the chairman of the committee, asked, "So all were just
human error, not intentional?"

"Correct," Garrett said.

With Councilwoman Sheila Oliver absent, the committee members present -- Groce,
Lowery, Jake Dickinson and Joe Trigg -- voted unanimously to accept the report.

Coulter is on the agenda for Monday's regular 7 p.m. council meeting to present
the final report.

___ (c)2015 the Glasgow Daily Times (Glasgow, Ky.) Visit the Glasgow Daily Times
(Glasgow, Ky.) at www.glasgowdailytimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150307-GK-Finance-committee-previews-audit-0307-20150307

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GK


                       Copyright 2015 Glasgow Daily Times


                              947 of 998 DOCUMENTS



               South Burnett Times and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                               September 17, 2010

Call goes out for industry's leading women

SECTION: Pg. 54

LENGTH: 555  words


Women with ideas, enthusiasm and commitment have the chance to be recognised for
their contribution to Queensland's primary industries sector.

Applications for the annual Rural Industries Research and Development
Corporation's (RIRDC) Rural Women's Award are now open.

Department of Employment, Economic Development and Innovation (DEEDI) award
coordinator Natalie Schultz encourages women from all rural industries to apply.

"The award process provides women with an important leadership and
capacity-building opportunity," she said.

"There will be four finalists, from which the State winner will be chosen.

"Finalists have the opportunity to participate in a range of skill-building
workshops, and meet the Minister for Primary Industries, Fisheries and Rural and
Regional Queensland, Tim Mulherin, as well as senior DEEDI leaders."

The winner will receive a $10,000 bursary to assist them to develop their
skills, and contribute to profitable and sustainable primary industries in
Queensland.

The bursary can be used for various purposes, including international study
tours, training and website development.

Past winners and finalists have been proactive in the feedlot industry,
conservation, horticulture, sheep and cattle producing, wool growing, sugar
industry and kangaroo industry.

This year's winner, partner in a macropod harvesting enterprise in south west
Queensland, Sharyn Garrett, is using her bursary to develop a business strategy
for the Maranoa Kangaroo Harvesters and Growers Cooperative.

"Sharyn's project will review current operations and provide recommendations to
help the cooperative become an even more efficient and sustainable operation,"
Ms Shultz said.

"The success of the cooperative will enable more effective kangaroo management
at a cross-property level, ensuring that production objectives are met and total
grazing pressure is alleviated."

The Queensland runner-up for 2010, Jane Milburn, said the award process was a
useful way to refine how to present yourself and your ideas.

She said her project aimed to create a fresh image for agriculture through
writing about sustainable food production in Australia and the development of a
web platform linking existing food and industry information.

"Shows such as MasterChef demonstrate the need to extend the customer interest
to knowing more about the master producers who grow the fresh, safe and
sustainable food that we eat every day and take for granted," she said.

"The award also comes with an Australian Institute of Company Directors training
week in Canberra, which is a fabulous learning opportunity.

"I gained so much from networking at a national level with clever and generous
women from many different regions and industries.

"Highlights of the week included seeing how others operate, and interacting with
active, positive, high-achieving women in agriculture. I encourage women to
enter the program this year because it is a wonderful way to develop yourself
and your work."

Applications for the 2011 Rural Women's Award, sponsored by DEEDI, close on
October 15 - World Rural Women's Day.

For more information about the award, contact Ms Schultz on 3239 3515, email
wiriu@deedi.qld.gov.au or visit www.ruralwomensaward.gov.au.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KSB


                    Copyright 2010 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                            February 1, 2015 Sunday

Minister lays foundation stone for dairy farm in Bara

BYLINE: THT ONLINE

LENGTH: 163  words


KATHMANDU: Minister for Youth and Sports, Purushottam Paudel, on Saturday laid
foundation stone for a milk collection centre in Bhodaha of Bara.

Bhodaha is within Paudel's electoral constituency.

Local Small Farmers Cooperative is establishing the centre with grant assistance
from Project for Agriculture Commercialisation and Trade (PACT) being run by the
Ministry of Agricultural Development (MoAD).

Local farmers are excited with preparation of the dairy farm in their locality.
"My hope that members of the Cooperative will get better price for milk has
increased," one Puran Bed Prasad Rauniyar said at the function.

According to Saraswati Devi, a member of the Cooperative, the group has as many
as 700 members including more than 450 women.

PACT has provided them Rs 2.6 million grant whereas the Cooperative has invested
Rs 1.8 million for the milk collection centre.

Speaking on the occasion, Minister Paudel said commercialisation of agriculture
helps boost Nepali economy.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                              May 17, 2016 Tuesday

IFAD: Benue farmers, Olam sign MoU to boost rice production in Nigeria

BYLINE: Philip Nwosu

LENGTH: 347 words


Benue rice farmers and Olam Nigeria Limited have signed a Memorandum of
Understanding (MoU) to boost rice production in Nigeria.
Addressing farmers in Agasha rice cluster at the ceremony, Vice President, Olam
Nigeria Limited, Mr Regi George said his company will be transparent in dealing
with them just as he assured them of purchasing all rice paddy produced by the
farmers.


"The Farmers will be provided with training, necessary inputs with guaranteed
buy back at prevailing market price at the end of the season. This no doubt will
improve yield, production and income for the farmers," he said.
"Olam is happy for being the preferred off-taker by the farmers. We have the
capacity and experience in out-grower schemes. We are willing to extend 25%
credit to the farmers to support their counterpart contribution to be able to
access IFAD matching grant to farmers," he added.
Chairman of Hemtel Multipurpose Cooperative, Mr Bidi Teizungwae expressed the
readiness to work with Olam and thanked the IFAD funded VCDP for linking them to
Olam. Hemtel Multipurpose Cooperative is one of the beneficiary groups.
The partnership will avail the two parties the opportunity to work together in a
collaborative manner that will improve yield, production and income for the
farmers. As Olam is engaged in rice processing, the partnership will enable it
have steady access to rice paddy for its rice mills.
The programme aims to reach more than 7,500 farmer households in five local
government areas of the state, which include Guma, Gwer, Okpokwu, Logo and
Ogbadigbo. The International Fund facilitated the alliance building and
partnership between Olam and the Benue farmers for Agricultural Development
(IFAD) funded Value Chain Development Programme (VCDP).
The VCDP is a Federal Government of Nigeria and IFAD initiative that focuses on
improving incomes and food security of poor rural households engaged in
production, processing and marketing of rice and cassava in six states: Benue,
Anambra, Ebonyi, Niger, Ogun and Taraba, while also addressing the constraints
along the value chains.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2016 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              950 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            November 25, 2011 Friday

NEA releases P794 million in loans

BYLINE: Emilia Narni J. David

SECTION: Pg. S1/3

LENGTH: 348 words


THE NATIONAL Electrification Administration (NEA) has released P794 million in
loans to electric cooperatives with majority being used for rural
electrification in the 10-month period ending October, the agency said in a
statement yesterday.

NEA grants loans to electric cooperatives through its Enhanced Lending Program.

Four electric cooperatives, namely Kalinga-Apayao Electric Cooperative, Inc.;
Cagayan Electric II Cooperative, Inc.; Isabela II Electric Cooperative, Inc.;
and Aurora Electric Cooperative Inc. availed of calamity loans from NEA.

The loans were to fund recovery from Typhoons "Juan," "Pedring" and "Quiel"
earlier this year.

To reduce systems loss and improve systems reliability, 15 electric cooperatives
borrowed from NEA.

"The electric cooperative activities for the reduction of system loss are
purchase and replacement of power transformer, meter pole clustering,
rehabilitation of defective lines and replacement of defective kilowatt hour
meters, and installation of grounding transformers, gas circuit breakers, system
power protectors and/or meters," the agency said in its statement.

Eleven electric cooperatives also availed loans totaling P194.8 million as
working capital for their operations including payment of power accounts to the
National Grid Corporation of the Philippines, the Philippine Electricity Market
Corp. and the National Power Corp. - Small Power Utilities Group.

Another 21 cooperatives were granted P412.7 million worth of loans for rural
electrification.

"[The] loans are to finance their rural electrification projects such as
rehabilitation of distribution lines, upgrading of system, purchase and
acquisition of logistics support and construction of office building and
facilities," the NEA said.

The agency could not be reached for comparative figures for loans given out last
year.

NEA is the agency tasked to technically and financially help electric
cooperatives and to push for rural and household electrification.

NEA's loans to electric cooperatives are offered at a 9% per annum interest rate
that will be repaid in more than two years.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            November 25, 2011 Friday

NEA releases P794 million in loans

BYLINE: Emilia Narni J. David

SECTION: Pg. S1/3

LENGTH: 348 words


THE NATIONAL Electrification Administration (NEA) has released P794 million in
loans to electric cooperatives with majority being used for rural
electrification in the 10-month period ending October, the agency said in a
statement yesterday.

NEA grants loans to electric cooperatives through its Enhanced Lending Program.

Four electric cooperatives, namely Kalinga-Apayao Electric Cooperative, Inc.;
Cagayan Electric II Cooperative, Inc.; Isabela II Electric Cooperative, Inc.;
and Aurora Electric Cooperative Inc. availed of calamity loans from NEA.

The loans were to fund recovery from Typhoons "Juan," "Pedring" and "Quiel"
earlier this year.

To reduce systems loss and improve systems reliability, 15 electric cooperatives
borrowed from NEA.

"The electric cooperative activities for the reduction of system loss are
purchase and replacement of power transformer, meter pole clustering,
rehabilitation of defective lines and replacement of defective kilowatt hour
meters, and installation of grounding transformers, gas circuit breakers, system
power protectors and/or meters," the agency said in its statement.

Eleven electric cooperatives also availed loans totaling P194.8 million as
working capital for their operations including payment of power accounts to the
National Grid Corporation of the Philippines, the Philippine Electricity Market
Corp. and the National Power Corp. - Small Power Utilities Group.

Another 21 cooperatives were granted P412.7 million worth of loans for rural
electrification.

"[The] loans are to finance their rural electrification projects such as
rehabilitation of distribution lines, upgrading of system, purchase and
acquisition of logistics support and construction of office building and
facilities," the NEA said.

The agency could not be reached for comparative figures for loans given out last
year.

NEA is the agency tasked to technically and financially help electric
cooperatives and to push for rural and household electrification.

NEA's loans to electric cooperatives are offered at a 9% per annum interest rate
that will be repaid in more than two years.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              July 2, 1993 Friday

BYLINE: Peter Salter

LENGTH: 481 words


Hazen's former bowling alley Ä reclaimed by the city for back taxes Ä sits quiet
now, but because of a loan package from the Lewis and Clark Regional Development
Council, the empty building may soon house nearly 220 data entry workers. Hazen
recently became the first city to receive a $50,000 loan from the council's
newly created CAPITAL fund, known simply as its revolving loan fund. The city
borrowed another $50,000 from the Community Development Loan Fund, also
administered by the council.

But it was the revolving loan fund in the spotlight Thursday as economic
development leaders from the council's 10 counties gathered in Mandan for the
unveiling of the new money pool. The fund's $668,000 Ä most of it from a federal
grant Ä should be enough to make between 15 and 25 loans each year, said Paul
Bakkum, president of the council's CAPITAL fund board. Loan amounts can range
from $5,000 to $100,000, but he said he expected the average loan to span
between $10,000 to $50,000. The loans are intended to fill financing gaps caused
by inadequacy in a business's cash flow, collateral and equity, he said. The
council's new revolving loan fund is being touted as a more flexible funding
source than some other state programs. ""We were able to design our program the
way we saw fit (and) allow the types of financing that other programs don't
allow. Local people will be more aware of and responsive to the needs in their
area,'' said Paul Rechlin, council executive director. Often, rural businesses
seeking loans discover they don't have enough collateral because of the low
resale value of their buildings. And new businesses are considered risky. With
its low interest rates, Bakkum said the council's new loan fund should alleviate
those problems. ""It's an excellent tool to try to expand and create new
businesses,'' Bakkum said. The council's efforts in creating the fund began more
than a year ago when the council preapplied to the federal Economic Development
Administration for a revolving loan fund grant. More than 50 private and public
contributors Ä local cooperatives, investment centers and economic development
corporations Ä put together the $168,000 needed to match the $500,000 federal
grant. The initial $668,000 should turn into a permanent source for funding,
Bakkum said. ""When all $668,000 has been advanced, as those loans are repaid,
it will replenish the loan fund,'' Bakkum said. Money earned from interest will
be turned around to fund new loans and pay administrative costs, he said. The
board will act on four to five more requests later this month, Rechlin said.
Hazen's money will be used to renovating the recreation building, city planner
Steve Frovarp said, so a data entry firm can move in. Image Inc. with its
promised 219 full-time jobs Ä is waiting to be awarded a contract from the U.S.
Postal Service before its deal with Hazen is sealed.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Telegram (Superior, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 5, 2010 Thursday

ARRA provides high speed Internet in northern Wisconsin

BYLINE: Shelley Nelson, Superior Telegram, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 561 words


Aug. 05--Customers of Chequam-egon Communications Cooperative Inc. could benefit
from the latest round of American Recovery and Reinvestment Act funding.

The telecommunications cooperative that serves northern Wisconsin will receive
almost $31.1 million to expand broadband service to its customers. It's the
largest of 13 projects statewide that will receive $65.2 million in funding.

It is among the 126 new Recovery Act broadband infrastructure projects in 38
states and Native American tribal areas announced Wednesday by Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack.

Broadband access plays a critical role in expanding economic, health care,
educational and public safety services in underserved rural communities, he
said.

All told, $1.2 billion in broadband projects are funded by the U.S. Department
of Agriculture in the second round.

"The broadband projects ... will give rural Americans access to the tools they
need to attract new businesses, jobs, health care and educational
opportunities," Vilsack said. "The Obama Administration understands that
bringing broadband to rural America provides a gateway for businesses and key
anchor institutions -- such as libraries, schools, public safety and community
centers -- to provide services to thousands of Americans. These projects will
create jobs building these networks, and the completed systems will provide a
platform for rural economic growth for years to come."

An additional $117 million in private investment will be leveraged, bringing the
total funds invested to $1.31 billion.

By leveraging Recovery Act funding authorized by congress, USDA has been able to
provide loans and grants of $2.65 billion to construct 231 broadband projects in
45 states and one territory. The remaining authorized funds will allow an
additional $1 billion in loans and grants by Sept. 30. The Recovery Act provided
USDA with a total of $2.5 billion to invest in expanding broadband access to
rural America.

The funding is expected to improve service for 30,480 individuals and 1,335
businesses throughout rural Wisconsin, said U.S. Sen. Herb Kohl, D-Wis.

"This substantial investment will expand the broadband network to places that
are currently underserved, linking people to resources that have been out of
reach," Kohl said.

Chequamegon Communications Cooperative Inc. -- better known as Cheqtel
Communications -- provides telecommunications services communities in Ashland,
Bayfield, Douglas, Iron, Price, Sawyer and Washburn counties.

The company plans to deploy Fiber-to-the-Home, providing high-speed Internet
access to communities it serves. More than 10,400 people, 959 local businesses
and 35 community institutions stand to benefit from this improved service,
according to the White House Web site.

"Investments like these are important because they will immediately bring jobs,
and set up infrastructure for long-term economic growth," said U.S. Rep. Dave
Obey, D-Wausau.

To see more of the Superior Telegram, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.superiortelegram.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Superior Telegram, Wis.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100805-DG-ARRA-provides-high-speed-Internet-in-northern-Wisconsin-20100805

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DG


                       Copyright 2010 The Daily Telegram


                              954 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            August 3, 1996 Saturday

LENGTH: 664 words


BISMARCK Motorcycle accident injures rider A Bismarck man is in fair condition
at Medcenter One following a motorcycle accident on Airport Road Thursday.
George Gordon Fischer, 39, of 614 W. Sweet Ave. No. 47, was southbound at 6:50
p.m. when he lost control of his cycle south of Perimeter Road and spilled. He
is being treated for a fractured foot and several lacerations to the head, a
hospital spokeswoman said Friday. Fischer was cited for driving under the
influence.

Free breast-feeding class planned St. Alexius Medical Center of Bismarck will
offer a free breast-feeding class for women who plan tobreast-feed or are
deciding between breast- and bottle-feeding. The class will meet from 7 p.m. to
9 p.m. Aug. 13 in the St. Alexius auditorium off the 10th Street entrance. To
register, call the St. Alexius education center at 224-7070.

Basin Electric head re-elected The general manager of the Basin Electric Power
Cooperative has been re-elected president of the Western Fuels Association, a
national fuel supply cooperative. Bob McPhail has been general manager of Basin
Electric since 1985. The fuels association, headquartered in Washington, D.C.,
held its annual meeting in Bismarck last week.

-- Associated Press

Lawmakers tout water bill A safe drinking water bill that passed Congress on
Friday will help rural water systems in North Dakota, the state's congressional
delegation says. The bill will reduce federal regulations on small municipal and
rural water systems, said Sen. Kent Conrad and Rep. Earl Pomeroy. ""This bill
will be particularly helpful for rural communities,'' Pomeroy said. ""Under
current law, they've had to spend far too much money complying with regulations
from Washington, many of which don't even relate to water quality issues in
North Dakota.'' The bill makes federal money available to states, which will
make grants and loans to rural drinking water systems, Conrad said. The money
can be used to upgrade treatment facilities, develop alternative water sources
and comply with drinking water regulations. President Clinton is expected to
sign the legislation. -- Associated Press

MINOT Wheat protesters called minority Farmers who are protesting policies of
the Canadian Wheat Board are in the minority, Canada's minister of agriculture
says. Ralph Goodale said he is concerned the minority is hurting his country's
image and its relationship with the United States. ""There are those who would
like to circumvent the Canadian Wheat Board,'' he said. ""There are others ...
the largest percentage of farmers, who believe that in fact working through the
Canadian Wheat Board, not around the Canadian Wheat Board, is the most
financially advantageous.'' Goodale said discord among some Canadian farmers in
no way signals the beginning of the end for the wheat board. ""I would expect it
to have a very important and successful role to play for a good long time,'' he
said. Ralph Goodale was among those attending an international conference in
Minot sponsored by the Central North American Trade Corridor this week. Despite
the controversy over wheat coming across the border, Goodale said he still
believes in the Canadian Wheat Board. He also said he hopes the Minot conference
can help the two countries work out their differences. -- Associated Press

FARGO Abortion activist's request denied A judge has denied a Fargo man's
request to rummage through the Cass County state's attorney's files. Martin
Wishnatsky wants to look for possible discrimination in sentencings. Wishnatsky,
an anti-abortion activist, has been charged with disobeying a judicial order to
stay away from North Dakota's only abortion clinic. His attorney, Peter Crary,
said he wants to look at the files to see if defendants like Wishnatsky are
being treated differently. ""All we're trying to do is get a fair shake,'' Crary
said. But East Central District Judge Ralph Erickson said the request is
irrelevant and goes beyond the scope of the law. -- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1996 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Washington: Heitkamp Encourages Communities to Invest in Rural High Speed
Internet

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp encouraged eligible applicants to apply for nearly
$12 million in competitive federal funds to invest in high speed Internet.





 "In our increasingly connected world, everyone should have access to high-speed
and reliable Internet service, but unfortunately that isn't always the case,"
said Heitkamp. "High-speed Internet supports educational opportunities, small
businesses, and health care services, and it supports economic growth in
communities across our state. This federal funding can provide more of our
communities with the needed resources to support Internet access to underserved,
disadvantaged, and rural areas and encourage those who qualify to apply for this
critical funding."



 This federal funding is made available from the Rural Utility Service's (RUS)
Community Connect Grant Program through the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The
Community Connect Grant Program provides grants to Internet providers, tribal,
state, and local governments, as well as cooperatives that will provide them
with the financial support needed to invest in areas where it may not yet be
economically feasible to provide quality internet service. Those interested in
applying should visit the RUS website and have their applications submitted by
June 17, 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                February 1, 2017

                   San Luis Valley Rural Electric Cooperative

                     3625 US Highway 160 West, PO Box 3625
                               Monte Vista 81144
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Tri-State Generation To Consider Alternative Transmission Project In Southern
Colorado

   Jan 15, 2013

   Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (Tri-State
Generation) will consider an alternative route for a transmission project to
increase electric system reliability in Colorado's San Luis Valley.Growth in
residential and agricultural loads throughout the San Luis Valley caused the
existing transmission infrastructure to reach its capacity. Tri-State Generation
studied several options to meet the electric reliability needs in the San Luis
Valley, including generation and demand management options, before identifying
new transmission infrastructure as the most cost-effective and highest benefit
to electric consumers.Tri-State Generation previously proposed a joint
transmission project with Xcel Energy Inc. that would have extended from the San
Luis Valley east to Walsenburg, Colorado and then north to the Comanche power
plant. That project was approved by the Colorado Public Utilities Commission
(PUC) in September 2011. Xcel Energy previously indicated to the PUC that it is
likely that it will withdraw from further participation in the joint project due
to changes in its generation resources needs. Such a significant change in the
scope of the previously approved project would likely require a new application
to the PUC for an alternative project. Recognizing this possibility, Tri-State
Generation considered various alternatives to the previously proposed project
and plans to study further an alternative transmission project with a
north-south alignment between Alamosa, Colorado and Tri-State Generation's
existing transmission system in northern New Mexico. The alternative project
will meet Tri-State Generation's goal of bolstering reliability of the electric
grid, with the added benefit of supporting potential renewable energy
development. The project will help ensure reliable power to San Luis Valley
Rural Electric Cooperative.


Colorado PUC Recommends CPCN For San Luis Valley-Calumet-Comanche Transmission
Project In US

   Nov 23, 2010

   The Colorado Public Utilities Commission (Colorado PUC) has recommended the
granting of a certificate of public convenience and necessity (CPCN) for the San
Luis Valley-Calumet-Comanche transmission project. A Colorado PUC's
administrative law judge recommended the granting on November 19, 2010. The
transmission project is a proposed joint partnership between Tri-State
Generation and Transmission Association, Inc. (Tri-State Generation) and Xcel
Energy Inc. (Xcel Energy).The administrative law judge's recommended decision
will now be analyzed by two of the Colorado PUC's commissioners, who will
subsequently issue an initial decision and then a final decision, on whether to
grant the utilities' CPCN application. The CPCN affirms there is a purpose and
need for the project, but does not identify the specific route the line would
take.Terry Bote, spokesman of Colorado PUC, said: "The decision essentially
grants Xcel Energy and Tri-State Generation the authority to build the project
and states they have met their burden of proof that it is in the public
interest." Tri-State Generation and Xcel Energy will now have to collaborate
with local authorities and landowners to work out route details for the project.
Tri-State Generation must also gain environmental approvals from the Rural
Utilities Service (RUS), from which funds will be used for the project. Joel
Bladow, senior vice president of transmission of Tri-State Generation, said:
"Tri-State Generation is pleased with the decision and confident the proposed
project best serves the residents, businesses, farmers and ranchers of southern
Colorado by providing access to a reliable supply of electricity, while
facilitating the development of renewable energy." The project builds on
Tri-State Generation's previously proposed San Luis Valley electric system
improvement project. In 2007, Tri-State Generation was planning lines from San
Luis Valley to Walsenburg to strengthen the region's electric system, increase
reliability for its two electric cooperatives in the region â[#x20ac]" San Luis
Valley Rural Electric Cooperative (Monte Vista, Colorado) and San Isabel
Electric Association (Pueblo West, Colorado) â[#x20ac]" and support renewable
energy development. That same year, Xcel Energy began planning for transmission
projects to better serve renewable energy zones established by Senate Bill 100.
The new joint project addresses both utilities' goals and provides additional
transmission system improvements in southern Colorado. The applications to the
Colorado PUC follow the two power suppliers' agreement in October 2008 to
jointly pursue transmission in the Colorado Coordinated Planning Group, a
consortium of utilities and other stakeholders that jointly explore the
development of a coordinated transmission network.


Astralux Completes 19.74kW Solar Energy System Installation On Organic Farm In
Colorado

   May 21, 2010

   Astralux Power Systems (Astralux) has completed a 19.74kW solar energy system
installation on the Crouse Organic Farm in Alamosa, Colorado. This project was
partially funded through the Colorado Government Energy Office's (GEO) New
Energy Economy Development (NEED) grant program.The Crouse solar project was one
of 17 projects to be funded out of over 200 applicants. The NEED grant program
was created with funds from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
(ARRA).This certified organic farm is currently producing 500-600 tons of
alfalfa hay annually. The electricity produced by the solar energy system will
offset an estimated 55% of the 64,000kWh of electricity needed to irrigate the
farm's crops. The system will also prevent around 24,000 pounds of coal from
being burned annually. Located in Alamosa, the Crouse farm will provide Southern
Colorado with a model for a sustainable and energy efficient farm. This project
will also showcase solar energy in an area of Colorado lacking in renewable
energy installations, as this will only be the second grid-tied solar energy
system in the San Luis Valley Rural Electric Cooperative service area. Ken
Crouse, owner and operator, said: "We strongly believe transitioning our farm to
renewable energy, in this case solar power, is a win-win scenario for both the
farmer and the environment. This project, along with our current transition into
certified organic crops, will significantly reduce our carbon footprint.
Furthermore, we believe this transition will ultimately provide Southern
Colorado with a GREEN model farm of the future. We intend to arrange field trips
with local schools to our farm, thus enriching the minds of our youth and
helping to create a sustainable road map for the future farmers of America."
Jesse Malcomb, vice president of business development for Astralux, said: "We
believe projects like this are at the essence of the Recharge Colorado
initiative. This solar energy system helps increase our state's energy
independence while allowing this farm to continue producing an important crop
for the local economy."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Key Operational Employees
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017


                              957 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Milne Bay fishermen get funding

BYLINE: NEVILLE TOGAREWA

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 523 words


THE National Fisheries Authority has come to the aid of 51 cooperative groups in
Milne Bay Province to further develop their village-based fisheries projects and
put money in their people's pockets.

Senior NFA officer Leka Pitoi and Milne Bay acting provincial administrator
Michael Kape presented cheques worth K10-50,000 to the 51 community fisheries
business groups at Alotau International hotel last week.

The cheques were presented at a ceremony for NFA to deliver a second vehichle to
the provincial administration to strengthen the development of fisheries
projects and programs in PNG's largest maritime province and transfer the
balance of the 2013 NFA grant of K2 million to the provincial government and
administration.

Mr Kape acknowledged and thanked NFA for its commitment in supporting a MOA
signed earlier for strengthening working relationship between NFA and MBPG,
consistent with the national government policy objectives of promoting and
developing PNG's rich marine resources and ensuring that maximum benefits go to
the disadvantaged rural people who own the resources.

Significant project and program assistance under the MoA to date include Losuia
and Alotau provincial fisheries office buildings, inshore patrol craft, dinghy
and motor for provincial fisheries exstension work, overseas technical training
for officers, project development funding for community and village-based
fisheries projects and programs, and office equipment and supplies.

"The NFA delegated functions are important and aimed at promoting and ensuring
sustainable fisheries development and management now and into the future," Mr
Kape told the recipients and national and provincial fisheries officers.

"It is important that minimum infrastructure is put in place to strengthen the
capacity of provincial fisheries to effectively implement its delegated
functions and national government policy objectives and directives.

"NFA has demonstrated its commitment in Milne Bay through the funding assistance
it has given to date."

One of the grant recipients and chairman of Habu Fisheries Cooperative on
Basilaki Island, Dennis Damian, has welcomed the NGA financial assistance.

"Most of us small fishermen in Milne Bay have struggled using our own savings to
set up, run and manage our fisheries projects and we acknowledge and welcome the
financial assistance from NFA through the Milne Bay Provincial Government as a
dream-come-true for all of us," Mr Damian told CS1 Media.

"Fishing business is good for us because we own the resource. It is also good
money for our cooperatives and an alternative revenue-earner to run our small
businesses and put money in our people's pockets for their livelihoods and other
expenses like education and health costs for their children and families.

"The challenge for us is to ensure sustainable development of our resource
through discipline, commitment and strong management of our projects to help our
people now and in the medium to long-term," Mr Damian said.

The NFA has allocated K2 million to Milne Bay for 2013 under its special
fisheries grant suport to the province, to be increased to K3 million in 2014.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                              June 15, 2012 Friday

Saccos Rwf 2.6 Billion Budget Allocation to Boost Savings

BYLINE: Dias Nyesiga

LENGTH: 460 words


The government has in the 2012/2013 budget allocated Rwf 2.6 billion to savings
and Credit Cooperatives- SACCOs as one way of increasing savings needed to boost
economic and social transformation.

The allocations will fund technical assistance activities meant to strengthen
SACCOs and improve their performance to accelerate savings and financial
inclusion and access to credit, especially for the rural poor.

"The government is of the view that SACCOs can become an important instrument of
economic and social transformation, especially in rural areas," John Rwangombwa,
Finance Minister said in his Budget speech on Thursday.

It has also allocated Rwf 5 billion to increase the capital of Umwalimu Sacco
(Teachers' Cooperative).

The Minister notes that emphasis in 2012 will be put on actions aimed at
completing the licensing of SACCOs established in line with UMURENGE SACCO
Program as well as their monitoring and supervision.

"335 out of 416 Imirenge SACCO have full operating license. All Imirenge SACCOs
have the authorization to grant loans," the Minister said.

Moreover, as of end March 2012, all 416 SACCOs are authorised to grant loans
including the 273 fully licensed which are authorised to loan up to 40 percent
of their deposits, while 143 not fully licensed can loan up to 20 percent of
their deposits.

This, considering the great performance of SACCOs in increasing savings, credit
access among the rural poor where net deposits by these SACCOs grew to over Rwf
26 billion by April this year will help in increasing financial inclusion for
all.

Damien Mugabo, Director General Rwanda Cooperative Agency, welcomes the
allocations, adding that the agencies main activities this fiscal year will be
on networking all SACCOs in the country to a one platform, sensitising and
mobilising people to join SACCOS among other things.

"This fiscal year we will continue to build the capacity of SACCOs in loan
granting, book keeping, administration for all SACCO managers," he said, adding
that this will solve the issue of lack of skills that have been hindering growth
in SACCOs.

Mugabo noted that the allocations will also help in linking Non- financial
cooperatives which are under the crop intensification program to SACCOS to
access credit as one way of enhancing their production.

Rita Ngarambe, Executive Secretary of Association of Microfinance Institutions
in Rwanda-AMIR, notes that the government's move to support Sacco's growth will
spearhead financial inclusion and access to credit for rural areas, thus
creating a base for Microfinance operations.

"When more people are saving, this means there is enough liquidity for
Microfinance Institutions to give out as loans, it will also enable them to go
down in rural areas to bank the unbanked," she said.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mercury (South Africa)

                            June 06, 2007 Wednesday
                                   e1 Edition

KZN economy debate shows 2010 is a catalyst

BYLINE: Greg Arde

SECTION: NETWORK; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1213 words


Where is the economy of KZN going and what do we need to grow it, especially in
the province's rural areas and small towns?

This was the nub of a debate hosted by The Mercury and Standard Bank in Durban
recently, moderated by economist and town planner Jeff McCarthy.

Participants included business representatives, government planners, academics
and economists who considered what municipalities were doing, and not doing, to
foster growth and align their Integrated Development Plans (IDPs).

Mike Newton from the Ilembe District Municipality based in Stanger said KZN was
challenged by its "mixed bag" economy of rich coastal strip and poor hinterland.

"It takes a project like the Dube Trade Port (alongside the planned King Shaka
International Airport at La Mercy) to hi ghlight how to effectively assist all
communities.

"We benefit from the funds made available by Gijima (European Union funding for
local economic development) and we talk among ourselves to find different
solutions that different circumstances present - from agri-processing plants in
iSithebe to the big residential estates," he said.

Gareth Coleman from Gijima said: "Economic development can't get going without
sustainable resources . . . we are trying to mobilise people around more
demand-led projects (mostly tourism and agriculture)."

Most of KZN's economic growth is around Pietermaritzburg, Durban and Richards
Bay.

Performance

Ranveer Persad, from the provincial Department of Economic Development, said the
overall performance of funds for small businesses, black economic empowerment
and co-operatives, all with preferential lending rates, was not good.

This had sparked debate about whether grant funding was better than loan
funding.

He said the best performing small enterprises were those that had sprung up
around stable, well co-ordinated sectors with predictable markets, like sugar.

"Projects that prosper are those with a good understanding of their market,
where people know how to run a balance sheet. They have the basics right, they
know their competition and they know how to relate to suppliers."

Standard Bank's Raquel Cipriano said there was no shortage of applications for
soft loans, but what mattered was the quality of these.

Anesh Maharaj from the University of KZN Graduate School of Business said he was
working with Business Partners to assist small enterprises with business plans.

Pearl Sithole from the Human Sciences Research Council questioned whose
responsibility it was to get goods to markets. She suggested that companies with
corporate social responsibility initiatives do more to help market the produce
of co-operatives they helped fund.

"The market is given too much freedom to do what it likes, when it likes . . .
There is a need to challenge structures to own up to change. Corporates could
adopt municipalities."

The Durban Chamber of Commerce and Industry's Bonke Dumisa took issue with this,
saying businesses were often eager to assist in development, but sometimes heard
about municipal IDPs the day before they were workshopped.

"If you want my money, don't expect me to run after you. Government has to
engage business as equal partners and that is not really happening," he said.

Durban Investment Promotions Agency's Russell Curtis said the dynamics of
business and government were different and business regarded government
boundaries and municipal demarcations as 'artificial'.

He said economic development could be enhanced if there were better linkages
between municipalities to exploit opportunities and overcome problems of land
scarcity and skills shortages.

Consultant Colin Mitchell said in other southern African countries,
co-operatives looked for secure markets, whereas here they looked for bail outs.

Sithole said: "People must work hard, but they need analysis of their projects:
they are asked to bear the cost of connecting to markets (that they hadn't
necessarily chosen)."

Dumisa said the many soft loans available to co-operatives and small businesses
were often commandeered by people who knew how to access funds, not by people
who had a passion for particular business projects in rural areas.

Development specialist Clive Forster said residential golf estates were big
drivers of the KZN economy and questioned what the second generation drivers
would be and how these property developments could be optimised to benefit poor
people and to sustain the province's coastline.

Redistribution

He also said land redistribution had to support the economy, which was not
always happening, and developers had to know how to work with the government to
respond to this challenge.

Curtis said the shortage of industrial land was the single biggest comparative
disadvantage to doing business in KZN.

Sithole said there was a "political dilemma" between government, business and
communities as to whose problems were more urgent.

"Business says its problem is land. People say they have been workshopped to
death and that local economic development is trapped because of a lack of skills
and money, but investment is a process over time."

Ithala economist Dana Moore said the more integrated role players were in
determining IDPs, the more successful these blueprints for economic growth would
be.

UKZN economist Glen Robbins said municipalities had to think carefully about
where they put their money and would do well to consult business about
commercial spaces: "It's easier for municipalities to upgrade streets than to
run chicken co-operatives, because they have expertise in roads, not chicken
farms."

Moore said sectors of the KZN economy blossomed at different times. At the
moment the property market was bullish and infrastructure development had been
prioritised in the run up to the Fifa World Cup in 2010, which was a useful
focus.

"The benefit of the soccer World Cup is that it has exposed our weaknesses, such
as inadequate public transport, which we would have had to invest in anyway."

The department of Economic Development's, Zelda Roberts said there was a keen
awareness in the government that development had to be sustainable beyond 2010.

Dumisa agreed: "There is nothing we are forsaking because of our focus on 2010.
The event has become a catalyst for action."

McCarthy said the development debate was raging, especially in light of 2010
spending allocations.

Moore said this was critical and would hopefully ensure wise decisions were made
around 2010. The German economy was lifted out of mediocrity by the 2006 soccer
World Cup because economic choices had been vigorously debated.

Coleman said development planning often left too much to chance, a mistake to be
avoided generally, and specifically around 2010.

"Rural people don't just find markets . . . and we shouldn't expect chance and
circumstances to take us beyond 2010."

In concluding, McCarthy said: "There are a host of issues relating to economic
development: the relationship between the public and private sectors, access to
markets, skills and appropriate planning. The 2010 theme comes up repeatedly and
can be a prism through which to reflect on our challenges, rather than a
kaleidoscope that blinds us to the future.

"We shouldn't be fearful of the truth that many countries have suffered through
hosting big events like 2010. Discussion should be something that adds value."

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NM


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                             March 27, 2012 Tuesday

Gov't, WB Sign $130 Million Financing Agreement

BYLINE: Gertrude Majyambere

LENGTH: 567 words


The government and the World Bank yesterday signed an agreement worth $130
million as part of the bank's budget support which will be allocated to three
sectors.

The three projects to benefit from the grant include Statistics for Results
Facility Project, the third Rural Sector Support Project and the Support to
Social Protection project under Vision Umurenge Programme (VUP).

The agreement is composed of $80 million credit agreement to help increase
incomes and reduce poverty in rural areas of the country, a grant of $10 million
for the project that aims at strengthening and building statistics in the
country while the remaining $40 million grant will be allocated to social
protection.

"There is a robust system in identifying the beneficiaries through Ubudehe
programme and we are focusing on real poor sectors," said Finance Minister John
Rwangombwa during the signing ceremony at the ministry's headquarters.

He said that the selection of beneficiaries is done at the village level where
the community identifies those in extreme poverty and puts them in two
categories.

Rwangombwa said that government through VUP has been enrolling 30 new Sectors
every year on the programme that mainly targets to employ the poor on
infrastructural development projects.

An EDPRSI report indicates that by the end of last year, 120 out of 416 Sectors
were covered with 19,583 beneficiaries.

There is optimism that the funds for RSSP3 will increase agricultural
productivity in marshlands and hillsides in the sub-watersheds targeted for
development.

The project will see 6,000 more hectares of irrigated marshlands developed and
at least 17,000 additional hectares of hillside surrounding rehabilitated areas.

"It's a participatory programme. We prepare beneficiaries, equip them with
technical skills and group them in cooperatives," stated Ernest Ruzindaza,
Permanent Secretary in the Ministry of Agriculture.

He added that the last two phases of RSSP recorded a significant impact among
the beneficiaries where poverty reduced to 39 per cent from 65 per cent.

A report produced by the project (RSSP) indicates that 12 per cent of the
beneficiaries were also connected to electricity.

World Bank country manager, Mimi Ladipo, was impressed by the performance of
both VUP and RSSP programmes.

"I must say Rwanda is among the countries performing well in terms of aid
efficiency, the results really are outstanding."

She added that strengthening, improving, and availing quality data is among the
bank's mandate.

The cash is the last instalment of the Bank's support towards the Rural Sector
Support Project (RSSP3), now going into its third five-year phase.

The funds for the statistics project will go towards implementation of the five
year National Strategy for the Development of Statistics (NSDS) programme.

This will, in turn, facilitate statistical activities that will also entail 2012
Population and Housing Census whose activities are already underway.

"Statistics have been critical in informing our policymaking and therefore the
support towards statistics for results is not only timely but will also inform
our plans," Rwangombwa observed.

He added that the funds come at a time when the government was drafting the
second generation of EDPRS that will certainly require evidence-based policy
formulation by ensuring quality and timeliness of statistical information, as
well as making it accessible to users.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  May 1, 2000, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

(MADISON COUNTY BRIEFS)

SECTION: MADISON COUNTY POST, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 575 words



EDWARDSVILLE

Former principal Harris gets job in St. Louis County

Ed Harris, who resigned last week as principal at Edwardsville High School,
accepted a job at a school district in south St. Louis County.

The Mehlville School Board voted unanimously to hire Harris as the next
principal of Oakville Senior High School.

The board followed the recommendation from a 16-member selection committee, who
recommended Harris from among five final candidates. He had been principal in
Edwardsville since 1995. Harris signed a one-year contract with the Mehlville
School District with a salary of $ 94,070; his starting date is July 1.

Prior to his position in Edwardsville, he served as principal of Quincy High
School in Quincy, Ill., assistant principal at Ladue Horton Watkins High School
in the Ladue School District and at Parkway Central High School in the Parkway
School District.

GREENVILLE

Federal loan lets electric company serve rural areas

The federal Rural Utilities Service has lent Southwestern Electric Cooperative
Inc. more than $ 10 million to serve 1,125 new customers in southwestern
Illinois.

The cooperative will use the $ 10,168,000 from the RUS, which is part of the
U.S. Department of Agriculture, to construct 72 miles of distribution line and
one mile of transmission line. Additional improvements also will be made.

"These funds will help improve everyday life for the new customers being
served," said U.S. Rep. John Shimkus, R-Collinsville. "This is a perfect
opportunity for the federal government to assist in a situation where the
private sector has not stepped in to service rural customers."

The loan will be paid back over 35 years at 5 percent interest.

Southwestern Electric serves residents of Madison, St. Clair, Bond, Clinton,
Macoupin, Montgomery, Fayette, Marion, Effingham and Shelby counties.

EDWARDSVILLE

Route 66 tour will start June 9 with festivities

The 11th annual motor tour by the Route 66 Association of Illinois will kick off
June 9 with pre-tour festivities in Edwardsville.

The tour will feature stops in Hamel, Staunton, Litchfield, Farmersville,
Elkhart, Lincoln, McLean, Lexington, Odell, Gardner and Godley, and it will
finish June 11 in Joliet.

Local activities will include a walk or drive across the Chain of Rocks Bridge
and a tour of the Shell Oil Museum in Wood River.

Hotels along the route have rooms blocked off for those on the tour. For more
information or to register, call Ollie Schwallenstecker at 585-3081, Thressia
Usherwood at 217-732-8687 or John Weiss at 815-469-5219.

METRO EAST

Area communities will receive water, sewer grants

Several area communities are among 87 cities, villages and counties that will
receive grants to improve or maintain their water and sewer systems. Gov. George
Ryan recently announced more than $ 23 million in grants to be distributed by
the Illinois Department of Commerce and Community Affairs. Communities to
receive grants include Bartelso, $ 90,000 to build sewer lines and a pump
station; Bunker Hill, $ 110,000 for replacement of a section of sewer
transmission system; Calhoun County, $ 400,000 to install rural water lines and
build an elevated tank; Eagerville, $ 180,000 to build an elevated tank;
Mulberry Grove, $ 300,000 to replace water lines and build an elevated tank; and
Trenton, $ 350,000 to replace water lines in the north part of the city.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Madison County Briefs Column

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              962 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           November 18, 1993 Thursday

LENGTH: 339 words


WASHINGTON (AP) Ä Two Agriculture Department nominees from North Dakota and
South Dakota sailed through their Senate confirmation hearing Wednesday. Wally
Beyer, longtime manager of a electric cooperative in North Dakota, is President
Clinton's nominee to administer the Rural Electrification Administration. Grant
Buntrock, who is already administrator of the Agricultural Stabilization and
Conservation Service, needs Senate approval to serve on the board of the
Commodity Credit Corp.

The CCC is the financial institution that operates the government's crop
price-support programs. Much of the brief hearing was taken up with praise from
Senate Agriculture Committee members. Beyer, in a statement prepared for the
committee, said the government should help improve communications systems in
rural areas. ""I believe that we ... can provide the tools and assistance that
rural areas need in order to move in a new direction,'' he said. ""We can do
that by building the telecommunications infrastructure necessary to support the
high technology rural areas need to compete in a global economy.'' Sen. Pat
Leahy, a Vermont Democrat who is the committee chairman, asked Beyer to find out
how REA could assist rural electric cooperatives that had invested in failed
nuclear projects. Beyer was general manager of the Verendrye Electric
Cooperative at Velva for 30 years before his nomination. Indiana Sen. Richard
Lugar, the committee's ranking Republican, called Beyer an ""admirable
nominee.'' Buntrock, in his statement, pledged to use his ""best judgment in
protecting the economic viability'' of farmers as the Agriculture Department
moves to reorganize and trim its bureaucracy. ""The focus of our efforts will be
on efficiency and good management,'' he said. Buntrock has been working for USDA
off and on since 1959, when he got a job as a compliance clerk at the ASCS
county office in Aberdeen, S.D. He was Washington office director for the
National Farmers Organization since 1987 before becoming ASCS administrator this
year.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Utah: Tribal Self-Governance Program Negotiation Cooperative Agreement

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Indian Health Service
Deadlines  Aug 29, 2014
Contact

For questions on programmatic issues:
Jeremy Marshall
Program Official
Phone: 301.443.7821
Email: jeremy.marshall@ihs.gov

For questions on grants management and fiscal matters:
John Hoffman
Grants Management Specialist
Phone: 301.443.5204
Email: john.hoffman@ihs.gov
Purpose

The Tribal Self-Governance Program (TSGP) Negotiation Cooperative Agreement will
award grants to help defray the costs of negotiating to participate in the
Tribal Self-Governance Program. The TSGP gives tribes the authority to manage
and tailor healthcare programs in a manner that best fits the needs of their
communities.

Funding can be used for:

Tribes not participating in the TSGP to start negotiations to enter the TSGP
    Tribes that have previously received a Negotiation Cooperative Agreement to
continue negotiations to enter the TSGP
    Tribes that have previously received a Negotiation Cooperative Agreement and
entered the TSGP to assume new and expanded programs, services, functions, and
activities

Eligibility

To be eligible for the Tribal Self-Governance Program (TSGP) limited competition
Negotiation Cooperative Agreement under this announcement, an applicant must:

Be any federally-recognized Indian Tribe that has not previously received a
Negotiation Cooperative Agreement
    Be any federally-recognized Indian Tribe that has previously received a
Negotiation Cooperative Agreement but chose not to enter the TSGP
    Be any federally-recognized Indian Tribe that received a Negotiation
Cooperative Agreement, entered the TSGP, and would like to negotiate the
assumption of new and expanded programs
    Be an Indian Tribe as defined in 25 U.S.C. 450b(e). However, Alaska Native
Villages or Alaska Native Village Corporations are not eligible if they are
located within the area served by an Alaska Native regional health entity
already participating in the Alaska Tribal Health Compact in 1998
    Demonstrate, for three fiscal years, financial stability and financial
management capability

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Estimated Total Program Funding: $144,000
Award Ceiling: $48,000
Expected Number of Awards: 3
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov.
Tagged as  American Indians, Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians, Health
services

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Western Daily Press

                                 June 24, 2000

Region to receive moderate slices of small grant cakes

BYLINE: Giles Horton

SECTION: News

LENGTH: 384 words


THE South-west has done relatively well out of the allocation of funds for two
new grant schemes - one to encourage diversification, the other marketing and
processing - which are due to come on-stream next year, but its share still only
amounts to a moderate slice of a very small cake.

Some 25.5 million has been earmarked for the region out of total funding of 152
million from 2001 to 2007 for the so-called Rural Enterprise Scheme.

That is by some way the largest regional share, and it will only have to be
spread over five counties, as Cornwall has its own pot of money, thanks to its
Objective 1 status.

The scheme will offer grants ranging from 15 to 100 per cent for projects which
"benefit the rural economy, rural communities or the environment".

These could range from setting-up a farm relief service (to allow farmers and
their families to take the occasional holiday), to building craft workshops or
establishing farmers' markets.

The Government this week issued a consultation paper on the scheme, although
priorities have already been set for each region, with diversification in its
many forms at the top of the pile.

It will operate from April 1 next year, with funding increasing from 1.5 million
in year one, to 6 million by 2004/5.

Given the range of projects which could qualify, the available funding is likely
to be heavily over-subscribed.

Much the same goes for the marketing and processing grants, for which even less
money is available. The Southwest's share of the national kitty of 44 million is
7.4 million, or 17.4 per cent.

But that will have to be spread over six years, and when you consider that the
dairy co-operative, United Milk, is planning to invest 43 million in one hit in
a new processing plant in Wiltshire, the amount available looks hopelessly
inadequate.

Industry leaders are already warning that, if the Government is serious about
helping farmers to diversify and add value to their output, funding for both
schemes will have to be dramatically increased.

Another serious drawback is the amount of red-tape involved.

Experience with the Objective 5 (b) scheme in Devon and Cornwall has
demonstrated that, unless this can be reduced, it will simply not be worthwhile
a small enterprise applying for a grant.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2000 Bristol United Press


                              965 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: USDA Announces $8.4 Million to Support Minority and Veteran Farmers
and Ranchers

LENGTH: 970  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $8.4 million in grants that
will be used by organizations in 24 states to provide training, outreach and
technical assistance for socially disadvantaged, tribal and veteran farmers and
ranchers.





 "USDA was created to be 'The People's Department,' and in the past eight years
we have made tremendous progress in correcting past mistakes and creating a more
inclusive culture within our organization. Part of that legacy includes
supporting farmers and ranchers with diverse backgrounds and experience levels,"
said Vilsack. "The grants announced today will be leveraged by local partners
and help bring traditionally underserved people into farming, as well as
veterans who want to return home to rural areas."



     Tuskegee University, Alabama, $200,000

     Alaska Tribal Conservation Alliance, Alaska $187,316

     Little Colorado River Plateau Resource Conservation and Development,
Arizona, $200,000

     Developing Innovation in Navajo Education Inc., Arizona; also serving New
Mexico $200,000

     Painted Desert Demonstration Projects, Inc., Arizona; also serving New
Mexico and Utah, $199,599

     Arkansas Land & Community Development Corp., Arkansas, $199,583

     East Arkansas Enterprise Community, Arkansas, $199,165

     National Audubon Society, Inc., Arkansas, $142,182

     University Of Arkansas System, Arkansas, $200,000

     First Nations Development Institute, Colorado; also serving Tribal
Communities throughout U.S., $200,000

     Florida A & M University, Florida, $148,368

     North South Institute, Inc., Florida, $199,507

     Global Growers Network Inc., Georgia, $196,698

     Lei Ho'olaha, Hawaii, $100,000

     The Kohala Center, Hawaii, $200,000

     Southern University Agricultural and Mechanical College, Louisiana; also
serving Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia, $199,999

     Cultivating Community, Maine, $187,706

     Michigan Integrated Food & Farming Systems, Michigan, $199,998

     Red Lake Band Of Chippewa Indians, Minnesota, $104,342

     Fond Du Lac Tribal & Community College, Minnesota; also serving Michigan
and Wisconsin, $179,381

     Tougaloo College, Mississippi, $200,000

     Mississippi Minority Farmers Alliance Inc., Mississippi, $200,000

     Mississippi Asso. of Cooperatives, Mississippi, $200,000

     Winston County Self Help, Mississippi, $200,000

     Tri-County Agricultural Cooperative, Mississippi, $200,000

     Rural Development Leadership Network, Mississippi; also serving New Mexico,
$200,000

     Lincoln University, Missouri, $200,000

     University of Missouri System, Missouri, $179,614

     Fort Peck Community College, Montana, $198,506

     University Of Nevada, Reno, Nevada; also serving Idaho, Montana, Oregon,
South Dakota, and Washington, $199,385

     Desert Forge Foundation, New Mexico, $200,000

     New Mexico Acequia Association, New Mexico, $116,339

     Canetoe Family Life Center, North Carolina, $199,738

     Whitaker Small Farm Group Inc., North Carolina, $199,955

     Asian Service Action Inc., Ohio, $199,722

     Oklahoma Women in Agriculture Association, Oklahoma, $200,000

     Langston University, Oklahoma, $187,890

     Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, Oklahoma, $165,823

     Common Market Philadelphia Inc., Pennsylvania, $200,000

     Center For Heirs Property Preservation, South Carolina, $200,000

     Hunkpati Investments, Inc., South Dakota, $169,502

     Texas State University, Texas, $200,000

     National Immigrant Farming Initiative, Inc., Texas; also serving Florida,
$197,588

     University of Texas Rio Grande Valley, Texas; also serving New Mexico
$199,977

     West Virginia State University, West Virginia, $199,973



 Additionally, Alcorn State University will continue to administer the Socially
Disadvantaged Policy Research Center with a $400,000 grant, providing analysis
and development of policy recommendations to engage socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers.



 These grants are provided through USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially
Disadvantaged and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the 2501
Program and administered by USDA's Office of Advocacy and Outreach (OAO). Since
2010, more than $83.8 million has been invested through the 2501 Program to
leverage the work of local partners. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program
and expanded the program mandate to include military Veterans.



 OAO works across USDA agencies to improve the viability and profitability of
small and beginning farmers and ranchers; improve access to USDA programs for
historically underserved communities; increase agricultural opportunities for
farm workers; and close the professional achievement gap by providing
opportunities for diverse, talented young people to support the agricultural
industry in the 21st century.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
has reached historic settlement agreements with African-American and Native
American farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA
established the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to
USDA programs and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning,
and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. USDA also created a streamlined
claims process for Hispanic and women farmers and ranchers in 2011 to address
past claims of discrimination.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: USDA Announces $8.4 Million to Support Minority and Veteran Farmers
and Ranchers

LENGTH: 970  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $8.4 million in grants that
will be used by organizations in 24 states to provide training, outreach and
technical assistance for socially disadvantaged, tribal and veteran farmers and
ranchers.





 "USDA was created to be 'The People's Department,' and in the past eight years
we have made tremendous progress in correcting past mistakes and creating a more
inclusive culture within our organization. Part of that legacy includes
supporting farmers and ranchers with diverse backgrounds and experience levels,"
said Vilsack. "The grants announced today will be leveraged by local partners
and help bring traditionally underserved people into farming, as well as
veterans who want to return home to rural areas."



     Tuskegee University, Alabama, $200,000

     Alaska Tribal Conservation Alliance, Alaska $187,316

     Little Colorado River Plateau Resource Conservation and Development,
Arizona, $200,000

     Developing Innovation in Navajo Education Inc., Arizona; also serving New
Mexico $200,000

     Painted Desert Demonstration Projects, Inc., Arizona; also serving New
Mexico and Utah, $199,599

     Arkansas Land & Community Development Corp., Arkansas, $199,583

     East Arkansas Enterprise Community, Arkansas, $199,165

     National Audubon Society, Inc., Arkansas, $142,182

     University Of Arkansas System, Arkansas, $200,000

     First Nations Development Institute, Colorado; also serving Tribal
Communities throughout U.S., $200,000

     Florida A & M University, Florida, $148,368

     North South Institute, Inc., Florida, $199,507

     Global Growers Network Inc., Georgia, $196,698

     Lei Ho'olaha, Hawaii, $100,000

     The Kohala Center, Hawaii, $200,000

     Southern University Agricultural and Mechanical College, Louisiana; also
serving Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia, $199,999

     Cultivating Community, Maine, $187,706

     Michigan Integrated Food & Farming Systems, Michigan, $199,998

     Red Lake Band Of Chippewa Indians, Minnesota, $104,342

     Fond Du Lac Tribal & Community College, Minnesota; also serving Michigan
and Wisconsin, $179,381

     Tougaloo College, Mississippi, $200,000

     Mississippi Minority Farmers Alliance Inc., Mississippi, $200,000

     Mississippi Asso. of Cooperatives, Mississippi, $200,000

     Winston County Self Help, Mississippi, $200,000

     Tri-County Agricultural Cooperative, Mississippi, $200,000

     Rural Development Leadership Network, Mississippi; also serving New Mexico,
$200,000

     Lincoln University, Missouri, $200,000

     University of Missouri System, Missouri, $179,614

     Fort Peck Community College, Montana, $198,506

     University Of Nevada, Reno, Nevada; also serving Idaho, Montana, Oregon,
South Dakota, and Washington, $199,385

     Desert Forge Foundation, New Mexico, $200,000

     New Mexico Acequia Association, New Mexico, $116,339

     Canetoe Family Life Center, North Carolina, $199,738

     Whitaker Small Farm Group Inc., North Carolina, $199,955

     Asian Service Action Inc., Ohio, $199,722

     Oklahoma Women in Agriculture Association, Oklahoma, $200,000

     Langston University, Oklahoma, $187,890

     Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, Oklahoma, $165,823

     Common Market Philadelphia Inc., Pennsylvania, $200,000

     Center For Heirs Property Preservation, South Carolina, $200,000

     Hunkpati Investments, Inc., South Dakota, $169,502

     Texas State University, Texas, $200,000

     National Immigrant Farming Initiative, Inc., Texas; also serving Florida,
$197,588

     University of Texas Rio Grande Valley, Texas; also serving New Mexico
$199,977

     West Virginia State University, West Virginia, $199,973



 Additionally, Alcorn State University will continue to administer the Socially
Disadvantaged Policy Research Center with a $400,000 grant, providing analysis
and development of policy recommendations to engage socially disadvantaged
farmers and ranchers.



 These grants are provided through USDA's Outreach and Assistance for Socially
Disadvantaged and Veteran Farmers and Ranchers Program, also known as the 2501
Program and administered by USDA's Office of Advocacy and Outreach (OAO). Since
2010, more than $83.8 million has been invested through the 2501 Program to
leverage the work of local partners. The 2014 Farm Bill reauthorized the program
and expanded the program mandate to include military Veterans.



 OAO works across USDA agencies to improve the viability and profitability of
small and beginning farmers and ranchers; improve access to USDA programs for
historically underserved communities; increase agricultural opportunities for
farm workers; and close the professional achievement gap by providing
opportunities for diverse, talented young people to support the agricultural
industry in the 21st century.



 Secretary Vilsack has made it a priority to build a new era for civil rights at
USDA and ensure that all customers and employees are treated fairly, and all
Americans are treated with dignity and respect. Under Vilsack's leadership, USDA
has reached historic settlement agreements with African-American and Native
American farmers who have faced discrimination by USDA in past decades. USDA
established the Office of Advocacy and Outreach in 2010 to improve access to
USDA programs and enhance the viability and profitability of small, beginning,
and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers. USDA also created a streamlined
claims process for Hispanic and women farmers and ranchers in 2011 to address
past claims of discrimination.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              967 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA) Inviting
Applications for the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Programs for
Fiscal Year 2017 Pages 83196 - 83201 [FR DOC # 2016-27977]

LENGTH: 4997  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of
Solicitation of Applications (NOSA) Inviting Applications for the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Programs for Fiscal Year 2017 AGENCY: Rural Business-
Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This Notice is to invite applications for loans and grants under the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) Programs pursuant to 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A for fiscal year (FY) 2017, subject to the availability of
funding. This Notice is being issued in order to allow applicants sufficient
time to leverage financing, prepare and submit their applications, and give the
Agency time to process applications within FY 2017. Successful applications will
be selected by the Agency for funding and subsequently awarded to the extent
that funding may ultimately be made available through appropriations. An
announcement on the Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas will
[[Page 83197]] identify the amount received, if any, in the appropriations.

All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in developing their
applications. DATES: The deadlines for completed applications to be received in
the USDA Rural Development State Offices no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time)
are: Second Quarter, December 31, 2016; Third Quarter, March 31, 2017; and
Fourth Quarter, June 30, 2017. ADDRESSES: Submit applications in paper format to
the USDA Rural Development State Office for the State where the Project is
located. A list of the USDA Rural Development State Office contacts can be found
at: http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Specialty Programs Division, Business Programs, Rural Business-
Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue
SW., MS 3226, Room 4204-South, Washington, DC 20250-3226, or call 202-720-1400.
For further information on this Notice, please contact the USDA Rural
Development State Office in the State in which the applicant's headquarters is
located. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview Solicitation Opportunity Type:
Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants. Announcement Type: Initial
Solicitation Announcement. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number:
10.854. Dates: The deadline for completed applications to be received in the
USDA Rural Development State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) are:
Second Quarter, December 31, 2016; Third Quarter, March 31, 2017; and Fourth
Quarter, June 30, 2017. A. Program Description 1. Purpose of the Program. The
purpose of the program is to promote rural economic development and job creation
projects. 2. Statutory Authority. These Programs are authorized under 7 U.S.C.
940c and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Assistance provided to rural areas, as
defined, under this program may include business startup costs, business
expansion, business incubators, Technical assistance feasibility studies,
Advanced telecommunications services and computer networks for medical,
educational, and job training services, and community facilities projects for
economic development. Awards under the REDLG Programs will be made on a
competitive basis using specific selection criteria contained in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A. Information required to be in the application package includes
Standard Form (SF) 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance;'' a Resolution of
the Board of Directors; AD-1047, ``Debarment/Suspension Certification;'' AD-1049
``Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements;'' SF LLL,
Restrictions on Lobbying; RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement;'' RD 400-4,
``Assurance Agreement;'' Assurance Statement for the Uniform Act; Seismic
Certification (if construction); paperwork required in accordance with 7 CFR
part 1970, ``Environmental Policies and Procedures.'' If the proposal involves
new construction; large increases in employment; hazardous waste; a change in
use, size, capacity, purpose, or location from an original facility; or is
publicly controversial, the following is required: environmental documentation
in accordance with 7 CFR part 1970;'' RUS Form 7, ``Financial and Statistical
Report;'' and RUS Form 7a, ``Investments, Loan Guarantees, and Loans,'' or
similar information; and written narrative of Project description. Applications
will be tentatively scored by the State Offices and submitted to the National
Office for review. 3. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this
Notice are published at 7 CFR 4280.3. 4. Application Awards. The Agency will
review, evaluate, and score applications received in response to this Notice
based on the provisions found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A, and as indicated in
this Notice. However, the Agency advises all interested parties that the
applicant bears the burden in preparing and submitting an application in
response to this Notice whether or not funding is appropriated for these
Programs in FY 2017. B. Federal Award Information Type of Awards: Loans and
Grants. Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2017. Available Funds: Anyone interested in
submitting an application for funding under these Programs are encouraged to
consult the Rural Development Web Newsroom Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas for
funding information. Maximum Award: The Agency anticipates the following maximum
amounts per award: Loans--$1,000,000; Grants--$300,000. Award Dates: Second
Quarter, February 28, 2017; Third Quarter, May 31, 2017; and Fourth Quarter,
August 31, 2017. Performance Period: October 1, 2016, through September 30,
2017. Renewal or Supplemental Awards: None. C. Eligibility Information 1.
Eligible Applicants Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is
identified by USDA Rural Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural
Electrification Act of 1936, as amended (Act). In accordance with 7 CFR 4280.13,
applicants that are not delinquent on any Federal debt or otherwise disqualified
from participation in these Programs are eligible to apply. An applicant must be
eligible under 7 U.S.C. 940c. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any
former Rural Utilities Service borrower that has repaid or prepaid an insured,
direct, or guaranteed loan under the Act, or any not-for-profit utility that is
eligible to receive an insured or direct loan under such Act shall be eligible
for assistance under section 313(b)(2)(B) of such Act in the same manner as a
borrower under such Act. All other restrictions in this Notice will apply. The
Agency requires the following information to make an eligibility determination.
These applications must include, but are not limited to, the following: (a) An
original and one copy of SF 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance (For
Non-construction);'' (b) Copies of applicant's organizational documents showing
the applicant's legal existence and authority to perform the activities under
the Grant; (c) A proposed scope of work, including a description of the proposed
Project, details of the proposed activities to be accomplished and timeframes
for completion of each task, the number of months duration of the Project, and
the estimated time it will take from grant approval to beginning of Project
implementation; (d) A written narrative that includes, at a minimum, the
following items: (i) An explanation of why the Project is needed, the benefits
of the proposed Project, and how the Project meets the Grant eligible purposes;
(ii) Area to be served, identifying each governmental unit, i.e., tribe, town,
county, etc., to be affected by the Project; (iii) Description of how the
Project will coordinate Economic Development activities with other Economic
Development activities within the Project area; [[Page 83198]] (iv) Businesses
to be assisted, if appropriate, and Economic Development to be accomplished; (v)
An explanation of how the proposed Project will result in newly created,
increased, or supported jobs in the area and the number of projected new and
supported jobs within the next 3 years; (vi) A description of the applicant's
demonstrated capability and experience in providing the proposed Project
assistance, including experience of key staff members and persons who will be
providing the proposed Project activities and managing the Project; (vii) The
method and rationale used to select the areas and businesses that will receive
the service; (viii) A brief description of how the work will be performed,
including whether organizational staff or consultants or contractors will be
used; and (ix) Other information the Agency may request to assist it in making a
grant award determination. (e) The last 3 years of financial information to show
the applicant's financial capacity to carry out the proposed work. If the
applicant is less than 3 years old, at a minimum, the information should include
all balance sheet(s), income statement(s), and cash flow statement(s). A current
audited report is required if available; (f) Documentation regarding the
availability and amount of other funds to be used in conjunction with the funds
from REDLG; and (g) A budget which includes salaries, fringe benefits,
consultant costs, indirect costs, and other appropriate direct costs for the
Project. 2. Cost Sharing or Matching For loans, either the Ultimate Recipient or
the Intermediary must provide supplemental funds for the Project equal to at
least 20 percent of the loan to the Intermediary. For grants, the Intermediary
must establish a Revolving Loan Fund (or Fund) and contribute an amount equal to
at least 20 percent of the Grant. The supplemental contribution must come from
Intermediary's funds which may not be from other Federal Grants, unless
permitted by law. 3. Other Applications will only be accepted for projects that
promote rural economic development and job creation. There are no
``responsiveness'' or ``threshold'' eligibility criteria for these loans and
grants. There is no limit on the number of applications an applicant may submit
under this announcement. In addition to the forms listed under the program
description, Form AD 3030 ``Representations Regulation Felony Conviction and Tax
Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants,'' must be completed in the
affirmative. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be
used to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative
agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any
corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed,
for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have
lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement
with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the
awarding agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, unless a Federal agency
has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a
determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests
of the Government. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may
be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative
agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any
corporation that was convicted of a felony criminal violation under any Federal
law within the preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the
conviction, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of
the corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not
necessary to protect the interests of the Government. 4. Completeness
Eligibility Applications will not be considered for funding if they do not
provide sufficient information to determine eligibility or are missing required
elements. D. Application and Submission Information 1. Address To Request
Application Package For further information, entities wishing to apply for
assistance should contact the USDA Rural Development State Office provided in
the ADDRESSES section of this Notice to obtain copies of the application
package. Applications must be submitted in paper format. Applications submitted
to a Rural Development State Office must be received by the closing date and
local time deadline. All applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711 or at http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform.
Each applicant (unless the applicant is an individual or Federal awarding agency
that is excepted from the requirements under 2 CFR 25.110(b) or (c) or has an
exception approved by the Federal awarding agency under 2 CFR 25.110(d)) is
required to: (i) Be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) before
submitting its application; (ii) provide a valid unique entity identifier in its
application; and (iii) continue to maintain an active SAM registration with
current information at all times during which it has an active Federal award or
an application or plan under consideration by a Federal awarding agency. The
Federal awarding agency may not make a Federal award to an applicant until the
applicant has complied with all applicable unique entity identifier and SAM
requirements and, if an applicant has not fully complied with the requirements
by the time the Federal awarding agency is ready to make a Federal award, the
Federal awarding agency may determine that the applicant is not qualified to
receive a Federal award and use that determination as a basis for making a
Federal award to another applicant. Please note that applicants must locate the
downloadable application package for this program by the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance Number or FedGrants Funding Opportunity Number, which can be
found at http://www.grants.gov. 2. Content and Form of Application Submission An
application must contain all of the required elements. Each selection priority
criterion outlined in 7 CFR 4280.42(b) must be addressed in the application.
Failure to address any of the criterion will result in a zero-point score for
that criterion and will impact the overall evaluation of the application. Copies
of 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A, will be provided to any interested applicant
making a request to a Rural Development State Office. An original copy of the
application must be filed with the Rural Development State Office for the State
where the Intermediary is located. The applicant documentation and forms needed
for a complete application are located in the PROGRAM DESCRIPTION section of
this Notice, and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. There are no specific formats
required per this Notice, and applicants may request [[Page 83199]] forms and
addresses from the ADDRESSES section of this Notice. (a) There are no specific
limitations on the number of pages or other formatting requirements other than
those described in the PROGRAM DESCRIPTION section. (b) There are no specific
limitations on the number of pages, font size and type face, margins, paper
size, number of copies, and the sequence or assembly requirements. (c) The
component pieces of this application should contain original signatures on the
original application. 3. Submission Dates and Times (a) Application Deadline
Dates: No later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on: Second Quarter, December 31,
2016; Third Quarter, March 31, 2017; and Fourth Quarter, June 30, 2017.
Explanation of Dates: Applications must be in the USDA Rural Development State
Office by the dates and times as indicated above. If the due date falls on a
Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the application is due the next business
day. (b) The deadline date means that the completed application package must be
received in the USDA Rural Development State Office by the deadline date and
time established above. All application documents identified in this Notice are
required. (c) If completed applications are not received by the deadline
established above, the application will neither be reviewed nor considered under
any circumstances. (d) The Agency will determine the application receipt date
based on the actual date postmarked. (e) If the grantee has a previously
approved indirect cost rate, it is permissible, otherwise, the applicant may
elect to charge the 10 percent indirect cost permitted under 2 CFR 200.414(f).
Due to the time required to evaluate Indirect Cost Rates, it is likely that all
funds will be awarded by the time the Indirect Cost Rate is determined. No
foreign travel is permitted. Pre-Federal award costs will only be permitted with
prior written approval by the Agency. (f) Applicants must submit applications in
hard copy format as previously indicated in the APPLICATION AND SUBMISSION
INFORMATION section of this Notice. If the applicant wishes to hand deliver its
application, the addresses for these deliveries can be located in the ADDRESSES
section of this Notice. (g) If you require alternative means of communication
for program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please
contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD). E. Application
Review Information 1. Criteria All eligible and complete applications will be
evaluated and scored based on the selection criteria and weights contained in 7
CFR part 4280, subpart A. Failure to address any one of the criteria by the
application deadline will result in the application being determined ineligible,
and the application will not be considered for funding. 2. Review and Selection
Process The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are
eligible for assistance based on requirements contained in 7 CFR part 4280,
subpart A. If determined eligible, your application will be submitted to the
National Office. Funding of projects is subject to the Intermediary's
satisfactory submission of the additional items required by that subpart and the
USDA Rural Development Letter of Conditions. The Agency reserves the right to
award additional discretionary points under 7 CFR 4280.43. In order to
distribute funds among the greatest number of projects possible, applications
will be reviewed, prioritized, and funded by ranking each State's highest
scoring Project in highest to lowest score order. The highest scoring Project
from each State will be considered that State's Priority One Project. Priority
One projects will be ranked according to score from highest to lowest. The
second highest scoring Project from each State will be considered the State's
Priority Two Project. Priority Two projects will be ranked according to score
from highest to lowest and so forth until all projects have been scored and
ranked in priority order. All Priority One projects will be funded before any
Priority Two projects and so forth until funds are depleted, so as to ensure
broad geographic distribution of funding. F. Federal Award Administration
Information 1. Federal Award Notices Successful applicants will receive
notification for funding from the Rural Development State Office. Applicants
must comply with all applicable statutes and regulations before the loan/grant
award can be approved. Provided the application and eligibility requirements
have not changed, an application not selected will be reconsidered in three
subsequent quarterly funding competitions for a total of four competitions. If
an application is withdrawn, it can be resubmitted and will be evaluated as a
new application. 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements Additional
requirements that apply to intermediaries or grantees selected for these
Programs can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Awards are subject to USDA
grant regulations at 2 CFR Chapter IV which incorporated the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) regulations 2 CFR 200. All successful applicants
will be notified by letter which will include a Letter of Conditions, and a
Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions. This letter is not an authorization to
begin performance. If the applicant wishes to consider beginning performance
prior to the loan or grant being officially closed, all pre-award costs must be
approved in writing and in advance by the Agency. The loan or grant will be
considered officially awarded when all conditions in the Letter of Conditions
have been met and the Agency obligates the funding for the Project. Additional
requirements that apply to intermediaries or grantees selected for these
Programs can be found in 7 CFR 4280, subpart A; the Grants and Agreements
regulations of the U.S. Department of Agriculture codified in 2 CFR parts 400.1
to 400.18, and successor regulations to these parts. In addition, all recipients
of Federal financial assistance are required to report information about
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation (see 2 CFR part 170). You will
be required to have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with
the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Pub. L.
109-282) reporting requirements (see 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless you are exempt
under 2 CFR 170.110(b)). The following additional requirements apply to
intermediaries or grantees selected for these Programs: (a) Form RD 4280-2
``Rural Business-Cooperative Service Financial Assistance Agreement.'' (b)
Letter of Conditions. (c) Form RD 1940-1, ``Request for Obligation of Funds.''
(d) Form RD 1942-46, ``Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions.'' (e) Form AD-1047,
``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other Responsibility
Matters-Primary Covered Transactions.'' (f) Form AD-1048 ``Certification
Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility and voluntary Exclusion-Lower
Tier Covered Transactions.'' [[Page 83200]] (g) Form AD-1049, ``Certification
Regarding a Drug-Free Workplace Requirement (Grants).'' (h) Form AD-3031,
``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate
Applicants.'' Must be signed by corporate applicants who receive an award under
this Notice. (i) Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement.'' Each prospective
recipient must sign Form RD 400-4, Assurance Agreement, which assures USDA that
the recipient is in compliance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 7
CFR part 15 and other Agency regulations. That no person will be discriminated
against based on race, color or national origin, in regard to any program or
activity for which the re-lender receives Federal financial assistance. That
nondiscrimination statements are in advertisements and brochures. Collect and
maintain data provided by ultimate recipients on race, sex, and national origin
and ensure Ultimate Recipients collect and maintain this data. Race and
ethnicity data will be collected in accordance with OMB Federal Register notice,
``Revisions to the Standards for the Classification of Federal Data on Race and
Ethnicity'' (62 FR 58782), October 30, 1997. Sex data will be collected in
accordance with Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. These items should
not be submitted with the application but should be available upon request by
the Agency. The applicant and the ultimate recipient must comply with Title VI
of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972,
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of
1973, Age Discrimination Act of 1975, Executive Order 12250, Executive Order
13166 Limited English Proficiency (LEP), and 7 CFR part 1901, subpart E. (i) SF
LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities,'' if applicable. (j) Use Form SF 270,
``Request for Advance or Reimbursement.'' 3. Reporting (a) A Financial Status
Report and a Project performance activity report will be required of all
grantees on a quarterly basis until initial funds are expended and yearly
thereafter, if applicable, based on the Federal fiscal year. The grantee will
complete the Project within the total time available to it in accordance with
the Scope of Work and any necessary modifications thereof prepared by the
grantee and approved by the Agency. A final Project performance report will be
required with the final Financial Status Report. The final report may serve as
the last quarterly report. The final report must provide complete information
regarding the jobs created and supported as a result of the grant if applicable.
Grantees must continuously monitor performance to ensure that time schedules are
being met, projected work by time periods is being accomplished, and other
performance objectives are being achieved. Grantees must submit an original of
each report to the Agency no later than 30 days after the end of the quarter.
The Project performance reports must include, but not be limited to, the
following: (1) A comparison of actual accomplishments to the objectives
established for that period; (2) Problems, delays, or adverse conditions, if
any, which have affected or will affect attainment of overall Project
objectives, prevent meeting time schedules or objectives, or preclude the
attainment of particular Project work elements doing established time periods.
This disclosure shall be accompanied by a statement of the action taken or
planned to resolve the situation; and (3) Objectives and timetable established
for the next reporting period. (4) Any special reporting requirements, such as
jobs supported and created, businesses assisted, or economic development which
results in improvements in median household incomes, and any other specific
requirements, should be placed in the reporting section of the Letter of
Conditions. (5) Within 90 days after the conclusion of the Project, the grantee
will provide a final Project evaluation report. The last quarterly payment will
be withheld until the final report is received and approved by the Agency. Even
though the grantee may request reimbursement on a monthly basis, the last 3
months of reimbursements will be withheld until a final report, Project
performance, and financial status report are received and approved by the
Agency. In addition to any reports required by 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to
400.18, the Intermediary or grantee must provide reports as required by 7 CFR
part 4280, subpart A. G. Federal Awarding Agency Contact(s) For general
questions about this announcement, please contact your USDA Rural Development
State Office provided in the ADDRESSES section of this Notice. H. Civil Rights
Requirements All grants made under this Notice are subject to Title VI of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964 as required by the USDA (7 CFR part 15, subpart A) and
Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Title VIII of the Civil Rights
Act of 1968, Title IX, Executive Order 13166 (Limited English Proficiency),
Executive Order 11246, and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act of 1974. I. Other
Information Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction
Act of 1995, the information collection requirement contained in this Notice is
approved by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0070. Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR
part 25, must have a DUNS number, which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711 or online at http://fedgov.dnb.com
/webform. Similarly, all applicants must be registered in SAM prior to
submitting an application. Applicants may register for the SAM at
http://www.sam.gov. All recipients of Federal financial grant assistance are
required to report information about first-tier sub-awards and executive total
compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. Nondiscrimination Statement In
accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA Programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident. Persons with
disabilities who require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign Language,
etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202)
720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at
(800) 877-8339. [[Page 83201]] Additionally, program information may be made
available in languages other than English. To file a program discrimination
complaint, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027,
found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any
USDA office or write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of
the information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form,
call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by: (1) Mail:
U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil
Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410; (2) fax: (202)
690-7442; or (3) email: program.intake@usda.gov USDA is an equal opportunity
provider, employer, and lender. Dated: November 15, 2016. Samuel H. Rikkers,
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-27977 Filed
11-18-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA) Inviting
Applications for the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant Programs for
Fiscal Year 2017 Pages 83196 - 83201 [FR DOC # 2016-27977]

LENGTH: 4997  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of
Solicitation of Applications (NOSA) Inviting Applications for the Rural Economic
Development Loan and Grant Programs for Fiscal Year 2017 AGENCY: Rural Business-
Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
This Notice is to invite applications for loans and grants under the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant (REDLG) Programs pursuant to 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A for fiscal year (FY) 2017, subject to the availability of
funding. This Notice is being issued in order to allow applicants sufficient
time to leverage financing, prepare and submit their applications, and give the
Agency time to process applications within FY 2017. Successful applications will
be selected by the Agency for funding and subsequently awarded to the extent
that funding may ultimately be made available through appropriations. An
announcement on the Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas will
[[Page 83197]] identify the amount received, if any, in the appropriations.

All applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in developing their
applications. DATES: The deadlines for completed applications to be received in
the USDA Rural Development State Offices no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time)
are: Second Quarter, December 31, 2016; Third Quarter, March 31, 2017; and
Fourth Quarter, June 30, 2017. ADDRESSES: Submit applications in paper format to
the USDA Rural Development State Office for the State where the Project is
located. A list of the USDA Rural Development State Office contacts can be found
at: http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: Specialty Programs Division, Business Programs, Rural Business-
Cooperative Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue
SW., MS 3226, Room 4204-South, Washington, DC 20250-3226, or call 202-720-1400.
For further information on this Notice, please contact the USDA Rural
Development State Office in the State in which the applicant's headquarters is
located. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview Solicitation Opportunity Type:
Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants. Announcement Type: Initial
Solicitation Announcement. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number:
10.854. Dates: The deadline for completed applications to be received in the
USDA Rural Development State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) are:
Second Quarter, December 31, 2016; Third Quarter, March 31, 2017; and Fourth
Quarter, June 30, 2017. A. Program Description 1. Purpose of the Program. The
purpose of the program is to promote rural economic development and job creation
projects. 2. Statutory Authority. These Programs are authorized under 7 U.S.C.
940c and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Assistance provided to rural areas, as
defined, under this program may include business startup costs, business
expansion, business incubators, Technical assistance feasibility studies,
Advanced telecommunications services and computer networks for medical,
educational, and job training services, and community facilities projects for
economic development. Awards under the REDLG Programs will be made on a
competitive basis using specific selection criteria contained in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart A. Information required to be in the application package includes
Standard Form (SF) 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance;'' a Resolution of
the Board of Directors; AD-1047, ``Debarment/Suspension Certification;'' AD-1049
``Certification Regarding Drug-Free Workplace Requirements;'' SF LLL,
Restrictions on Lobbying; RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement;'' RD 400-4,
``Assurance Agreement;'' Assurance Statement for the Uniform Act; Seismic
Certification (if construction); paperwork required in accordance with 7 CFR
part 1970, ``Environmental Policies and Procedures.'' If the proposal involves
new construction; large increases in employment; hazardous waste; a change in
use, size, capacity, purpose, or location from an original facility; or is
publicly controversial, the following is required: environmental documentation
in accordance with 7 CFR part 1970;'' RUS Form 7, ``Financial and Statistical
Report;'' and RUS Form 7a, ``Investments, Loan Guarantees, and Loans,'' or
similar information; and written narrative of Project description. Applications
will be tentatively scored by the State Offices and submitted to the National
Office for review. 3. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this
Notice are published at 7 CFR 4280.3. 4. Application Awards. The Agency will
review, evaluate, and score applications received in response to this Notice
based on the provisions found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A, and as indicated in
this Notice. However, the Agency advises all interested parties that the
applicant bears the burden in preparing and submitting an application in
response to this Notice whether or not funding is appropriated for these
Programs in FY 2017. B. Federal Award Information Type of Awards: Loans and
Grants. Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2017. Available Funds: Anyone interested in
submitting an application for funding under these Programs are encouraged to
consult the Rural Development Web Newsroom Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas for
funding information. Maximum Award: The Agency anticipates the following maximum
amounts per award: Loans--$1,000,000; Grants--$300,000. Award Dates: Second
Quarter, February 28, 2017; Third Quarter, May 31, 2017; and Fourth Quarter,
August 31, 2017. Performance Period: October 1, 2016, through September 30,
2017. Renewal or Supplemental Awards: None. C. Eligibility Information 1.
Eligible Applicants Loans and grants may be made to any entity that is
identified by USDA Rural Development as an eligible borrower under the Rural
Electrification Act of 1936, as amended (Act). In accordance with 7 CFR 4280.13,
applicants that are not delinquent on any Federal debt or otherwise disqualified
from participation in these Programs are eligible to apply. An applicant must be
eligible under 7 U.S.C. 940c. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any
former Rural Utilities Service borrower that has repaid or prepaid an insured,
direct, or guaranteed loan under the Act, or any not-for-profit utility that is
eligible to receive an insured or direct loan under such Act shall be eligible
for assistance under section 313(b)(2)(B) of such Act in the same manner as a
borrower under such Act. All other restrictions in this Notice will apply. The
Agency requires the following information to make an eligibility determination.
These applications must include, but are not limited to, the following: (a) An
original and one copy of SF 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance (For
Non-construction);'' (b) Copies of applicant's organizational documents showing
the applicant's legal existence and authority to perform the activities under
the Grant; (c) A proposed scope of work, including a description of the proposed
Project, details of the proposed activities to be accomplished and timeframes
for completion of each task, the number of months duration of the Project, and
the estimated time it will take from grant approval to beginning of Project
implementation; (d) A written narrative that includes, at a minimum, the
following items: (i) An explanation of why the Project is needed, the benefits
of the proposed Project, and how the Project meets the Grant eligible purposes;
(ii) Area to be served, identifying each governmental unit, i.e., tribe, town,
county, etc., to be affected by the Project; (iii) Description of how the
Project will coordinate Economic Development activities with other Economic
Development activities within the Project area; [[Page 83198]] (iv) Businesses
to be assisted, if appropriate, and Economic Development to be accomplished; (v)
An explanation of how the proposed Project will result in newly created,
increased, or supported jobs in the area and the number of projected new and
supported jobs within the next 3 years; (vi) A description of the applicant's
demonstrated capability and experience in providing the proposed Project
assistance, including experience of key staff members and persons who will be
providing the proposed Project activities and managing the Project; (vii) The
method and rationale used to select the areas and businesses that will receive
the service; (viii) A brief description of how the work will be performed,
including whether organizational staff or consultants or contractors will be
used; and (ix) Other information the Agency may request to assist it in making a
grant award determination. (e) The last 3 years of financial information to show
the applicant's financial capacity to carry out the proposed work. If the
applicant is less than 3 years old, at a minimum, the information should include
all balance sheet(s), income statement(s), and cash flow statement(s). A current
audited report is required if available; (f) Documentation regarding the
availability and amount of other funds to be used in conjunction with the funds
from REDLG; and (g) A budget which includes salaries, fringe benefits,
consultant costs, indirect costs, and other appropriate direct costs for the
Project. 2. Cost Sharing or Matching For loans, either the Ultimate Recipient or
the Intermediary must provide supplemental funds for the Project equal to at
least 20 percent of the loan to the Intermediary. For grants, the Intermediary
must establish a Revolving Loan Fund (or Fund) and contribute an amount equal to
at least 20 percent of the Grant. The supplemental contribution must come from
Intermediary's funds which may not be from other Federal Grants, unless
permitted by law. 3. Other Applications will only be accepted for projects that
promote rural economic development and job creation. There are no
``responsiveness'' or ``threshold'' eligibility criteria for these loans and
grants. There is no limit on the number of applications an applicant may submit
under this announcement. In addition to the forms listed under the program
description, Form AD 3030 ``Representations Regulation Felony Conviction and Tax
Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants,'' must be completed in the
affirmative. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be
used to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative
agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any
corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed,
for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have
lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement
with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, where the
awarding agency is aware of the unpaid tax liability, unless a Federal agency
has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation and has made a
determination that this further action is not necessary to protect the interests
of the Government. None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may
be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative
agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to, any
corporation that was convicted of a felony criminal violation under any Federal
law within the preceding 24 months, where the awarding agency is aware of the
conviction, unless a Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of
the corporation and has made a determination that this further action is not
necessary to protect the interests of the Government. 4. Completeness
Eligibility Applications will not be considered for funding if they do not
provide sufficient information to determine eligibility or are missing required
elements. D. Application and Submission Information 1. Address To Request
Application Package For further information, entities wishing to apply for
assistance should contact the USDA Rural Development State Office provided in
the ADDRESSES section of this Notice to obtain copies of the application
package. Applications must be submitted in paper format. Applications submitted
to a Rural Development State Office must be received by the closing date and
local time deadline. All applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet Data
Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711 or at http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform.
Each applicant (unless the applicant is an individual or Federal awarding agency
that is excepted from the requirements under 2 CFR 25.110(b) or (c) or has an
exception approved by the Federal awarding agency under 2 CFR 25.110(d)) is
required to: (i) Be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) before
submitting its application; (ii) provide a valid unique entity identifier in its
application; and (iii) continue to maintain an active SAM registration with
current information at all times during which it has an active Federal award or
an application or plan under consideration by a Federal awarding agency. The
Federal awarding agency may not make a Federal award to an applicant until the
applicant has complied with all applicable unique entity identifier and SAM
requirements and, if an applicant has not fully complied with the requirements
by the time the Federal awarding agency is ready to make a Federal award, the
Federal awarding agency may determine that the applicant is not qualified to
receive a Federal award and use that determination as a basis for making a
Federal award to another applicant. Please note that applicants must locate the
downloadable application package for this program by the Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance Number or FedGrants Funding Opportunity Number, which can be
found at http://www.grants.gov. 2. Content and Form of Application Submission An
application must contain all of the required elements. Each selection priority
criterion outlined in 7 CFR 4280.42(b) must be addressed in the application.
Failure to address any of the criterion will result in a zero-point score for
that criterion and will impact the overall evaluation of the application. Copies
of 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A, will be provided to any interested applicant
making a request to a Rural Development State Office. An original copy of the
application must be filed with the Rural Development State Office for the State
where the Intermediary is located. The applicant documentation and forms needed
for a complete application are located in the PROGRAM DESCRIPTION section of
this Notice, and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. There are no specific formats
required per this Notice, and applicants may request [[Page 83199]] forms and
addresses from the ADDRESSES section of this Notice. (a) There are no specific
limitations on the number of pages or other formatting requirements other than
those described in the PROGRAM DESCRIPTION section. (b) There are no specific
limitations on the number of pages, font size and type face, margins, paper
size, number of copies, and the sequence or assembly requirements. (c) The
component pieces of this application should contain original signatures on the
original application. 3. Submission Dates and Times (a) Application Deadline
Dates: No later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on: Second Quarter, December 31,
2016; Third Quarter, March 31, 2017; and Fourth Quarter, June 30, 2017.
Explanation of Dates: Applications must be in the USDA Rural Development State
Office by the dates and times as indicated above. If the due date falls on a
Saturday, Sunday, or Federal holiday, the application is due the next business
day. (b) The deadline date means that the completed application package must be
received in the USDA Rural Development State Office by the deadline date and
time established above. All application documents identified in this Notice are
required. (c) If completed applications are not received by the deadline
established above, the application will neither be reviewed nor considered under
any circumstances. (d) The Agency will determine the application receipt date
based on the actual date postmarked. (e) If the grantee has a previously
approved indirect cost rate, it is permissible, otherwise, the applicant may
elect to charge the 10 percent indirect cost permitted under 2 CFR 200.414(f).
Due to the time required to evaluate Indirect Cost Rates, it is likely that all
funds will be awarded by the time the Indirect Cost Rate is determined. No
foreign travel is permitted. Pre-Federal award costs will only be permitted with
prior written approval by the Agency. (f) Applicants must submit applications in
hard copy format as previously indicated in the APPLICATION AND SUBMISSION
INFORMATION section of this Notice. If the applicant wishes to hand deliver its
application, the addresses for these deliveries can be located in the ADDRESSES
section of this Notice. (g) If you require alternative means of communication
for program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please
contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD). E. Application
Review Information 1. Criteria All eligible and complete applications will be
evaluated and scored based on the selection criteria and weights contained in 7
CFR part 4280, subpart A. Failure to address any one of the criteria by the
application deadline will result in the application being determined ineligible,
and the application will not be considered for funding. 2. Review and Selection
Process The State Offices will review applications to determine if they are
eligible for assistance based on requirements contained in 7 CFR part 4280,
subpart A. If determined eligible, your application will be submitted to the
National Office. Funding of projects is subject to the Intermediary's
satisfactory submission of the additional items required by that subpart and the
USDA Rural Development Letter of Conditions. The Agency reserves the right to
award additional discretionary points under 7 CFR 4280.43. In order to
distribute funds among the greatest number of projects possible, applications
will be reviewed, prioritized, and funded by ranking each State's highest
scoring Project in highest to lowest score order. The highest scoring Project
from each State will be considered that State's Priority One Project. Priority
One projects will be ranked according to score from highest to lowest. The
second highest scoring Project from each State will be considered the State's
Priority Two Project. Priority Two projects will be ranked according to score
from highest to lowest and so forth until all projects have been scored and
ranked in priority order. All Priority One projects will be funded before any
Priority Two projects and so forth until funds are depleted, so as to ensure
broad geographic distribution of funding. F. Federal Award Administration
Information 1. Federal Award Notices Successful applicants will receive
notification for funding from the Rural Development State Office. Applicants
must comply with all applicable statutes and regulations before the loan/grant
award can be approved. Provided the application and eligibility requirements
have not changed, an application not selected will be reconsidered in three
subsequent quarterly funding competitions for a total of four competitions. If
an application is withdrawn, it can be resubmitted and will be evaluated as a
new application. 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements Additional
requirements that apply to intermediaries or grantees selected for these
Programs can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart A. Awards are subject to USDA
grant regulations at 2 CFR Chapter IV which incorporated the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) regulations 2 CFR 200. All successful applicants
will be notified by letter which will include a Letter of Conditions, and a
Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions. This letter is not an authorization to
begin performance. If the applicant wishes to consider beginning performance
prior to the loan or grant being officially closed, all pre-award costs must be
approved in writing and in advance by the Agency. The loan or grant will be
considered officially awarded when all conditions in the Letter of Conditions
have been met and the Agency obligates the funding for the Project. Additional
requirements that apply to intermediaries or grantees selected for these
Programs can be found in 7 CFR 4280, subpart A; the Grants and Agreements
regulations of the U.S. Department of Agriculture codified in 2 CFR parts 400.1
to 400.18, and successor regulations to these parts. In addition, all recipients
of Federal financial assistance are required to report information about
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation (see 2 CFR part 170). You will
be required to have the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with
the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 (Pub. L.
109-282) reporting requirements (see 2 CFR 170.200(b), unless you are exempt
under 2 CFR 170.110(b)). The following additional requirements apply to
intermediaries or grantees selected for these Programs: (a) Form RD 4280-2
``Rural Business-Cooperative Service Financial Assistance Agreement.'' (b)
Letter of Conditions. (c) Form RD 1940-1, ``Request for Obligation of Funds.''
(d) Form RD 1942-46, ``Letter of Intent to Meet Conditions.'' (e) Form AD-1047,
``Certification Regarding Debarment, Suspension, and Other Responsibility
Matters-Primary Covered Transactions.'' (f) Form AD-1048 ``Certification
Regarding Debarment, Suspension, Ineligibility and voluntary Exclusion-Lower
Tier Covered Transactions.'' [[Page 83200]] (g) Form AD-1049, ``Certification
Regarding a Drug-Free Workplace Requirement (Grants).'' (h) Form AD-3031,
``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate
Applicants.'' Must be signed by corporate applicants who receive an award under
this Notice. (i) Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement.'' Each prospective
recipient must sign Form RD 400-4, Assurance Agreement, which assures USDA that
the recipient is in compliance with Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 7
CFR part 15 and other Agency regulations. That no person will be discriminated
against based on race, color or national origin, in regard to any program or
activity for which the re-lender receives Federal financial assistance. That
nondiscrimination statements are in advertisements and brochures. Collect and
maintain data provided by ultimate recipients on race, sex, and national origin
and ensure Ultimate Recipients collect and maintain this data. Race and
ethnicity data will be collected in accordance with OMB Federal Register notice,
``Revisions to the Standards for the Classification of Federal Data on Race and
Ethnicity'' (62 FR 58782), October 30, 1997. Sex data will be collected in
accordance with Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972. These items should
not be submitted with the application but should be available upon request by
the Agency. The applicant and the ultimate recipient must comply with Title VI
of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972,
Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of
1973, Age Discrimination Act of 1975, Executive Order 12250, Executive Order
13166 Limited English Proficiency (LEP), and 7 CFR part 1901, subpart E. (i) SF
LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activities,'' if applicable. (j) Use Form SF 270,
``Request for Advance or Reimbursement.'' 3. Reporting (a) A Financial Status
Report and a Project performance activity report will be required of all
grantees on a quarterly basis until initial funds are expended and yearly
thereafter, if applicable, based on the Federal fiscal year. The grantee will
complete the Project within the total time available to it in accordance with
the Scope of Work and any necessary modifications thereof prepared by the
grantee and approved by the Agency. A final Project performance report will be
required with the final Financial Status Report. The final report may serve as
the last quarterly report. The final report must provide complete information
regarding the jobs created and supported as a result of the grant if applicable.
Grantees must continuously monitor performance to ensure that time schedules are
being met, projected work by time periods is being accomplished, and other
performance objectives are being achieved. Grantees must submit an original of
each report to the Agency no later than 30 days after the end of the quarter.
The Project performance reports must include, but not be limited to, the
following: (1) A comparison of actual accomplishments to the objectives
established for that period; (2) Problems, delays, or adverse conditions, if
any, which have affected or will affect attainment of overall Project
objectives, prevent meeting time schedules or objectives, or preclude the
attainment of particular Project work elements doing established time periods.
This disclosure shall be accompanied by a statement of the action taken or
planned to resolve the situation; and (3) Objectives and timetable established
for the next reporting period. (4) Any special reporting requirements, such as
jobs supported and created, businesses assisted, or economic development which
results in improvements in median household incomes, and any other specific
requirements, should be placed in the reporting section of the Letter of
Conditions. (5) Within 90 days after the conclusion of the Project, the grantee
will provide a final Project evaluation report. The last quarterly payment will
be withheld until the final report is received and approved by the Agency. Even
though the grantee may request reimbursement on a monthly basis, the last 3
months of reimbursements will be withheld until a final report, Project
performance, and financial status report are received and approved by the
Agency. In addition to any reports required by 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to
400.18, the Intermediary or grantee must provide reports as required by 7 CFR
part 4280, subpart A. G. Federal Awarding Agency Contact(s) For general
questions about this announcement, please contact your USDA Rural Development
State Office provided in the ADDRESSES section of this Notice. H. Civil Rights
Requirements All grants made under this Notice are subject to Title VI of the
Civil Rights Act of 1964 as required by the USDA (7 CFR part 15, subpart A) and
Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, Title VIII of the Civil Rights
Act of 1968, Title IX, Executive Order 13166 (Limited English Proficiency),
Executive Order 11246, and the Equal Credit Opportunity Act of 1974. I. Other
Information Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction
Act of 1995, the information collection requirement contained in this Notice is
approved by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0070. Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act All applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR
part 25, must have a DUNS number, which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711 or online at http://fedgov.dnb.com
/webform. Similarly, all applicants must be registered in SAM prior to
submitting an application. Applicants may register for the SAM at
http://www.sam.gov. All recipients of Federal financial grant assistance are
required to report information about first-tier sub-awards and executive total
compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. Nondiscrimination Statement In
accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA Programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident. Persons with
disabilities who require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign Language,
etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202)
720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at
(800) 877-8339. [[Page 83201]] Additionally, program information may be made
available in languages other than English. To file a program discrimination
complaint, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027,
found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any
USDA office or write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of
the information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form,
call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by: (1) Mail:
U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil
Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410; (2) fax: (202)
690-7442; or (3) email: program.intake@usda.gov USDA is an equal opportunity
provider, employer, and lender. Dated: November 15, 2016. Samuel H. Rikkers,
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2016-27977 Filed
11-18-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              969 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 8, 2015 Saturday

Mandal s future Agro-tourism

LENGTH: 248  words


Operational Phase:Phase 5
Grant Amount:US$ 12,580.00
Co-Financing in-Kind:US$ 7,979.00
Description : The project seeks to forge cooperation among civil society
organizations and cooperatives through: 1) helping herders, herder CBOs and
other local residents in rural areas start activities in the tourism sector, 2)
increasing their additional income opportunities by connecting local business
with the tourism sector, 3) helping agricultural businesses connect ith tour
operators through providers of goods and services, and 4) increasing the
contribution of tourism to the sustainable management of natural resources.


Grantee:  Mandakh-Enerelt
Grantee Contact :
Mr Mandakhbayar Unurbayar
Phone: 976-88112404
Address:
Room 3, building 3-18, khoroo 1, Songino khairkhan district Ulaanbaatar
Ulaanbaatar , 976
Project completion date : 2015-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : UNDP Room 605, UN House - 14201,
United Nations Street-14 Sukhbaatar district.
Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, 210646

Country :Mongolia
Email : ganbaatar.bandi@undp.org,narangarav.gankhuyag@undp.org

Url : http://www.sgpmongolia.org

Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),Global Environment Facility Small
Grants Programme (SGP),United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)
One United Nations Plaza
10017
New York, NY
United States
Website : http://www.undp.org /
Telephone: +1 2129065000
Fax: +1 2129065364

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                           August 17, 2000, Thursday

GRANTS HELP LAY GROUND FOR GROWTH

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 260 words


Farmers in the West Midlands are to receive a major slice of a pounds 3 million
Government fund to boost agricultural development.

A total of pounds 300,000 has been earmarked for the region under the drive
which aims to improve the marketing and competitiveness of growers in England.

Those to benefit with grants from the Agricultural Development Scheme are
British Free Range Egg Marketing, Shropshire (pounds 59,289); Meadow Valley
Livestock, Stratford-upon-Avon, which has won three separate awards (pigs pounds
46,000, beef pounds 94,000 and sheep pounds 61,000); Rare Breeds Survival Trust,
Stoneleigh (pounds 27,830) and First Honey Co-operative, Sutton Coldfield
(pounds 15,060).

Countryside Minister Elliot Morley said: 'The Government's action plan for
farming set out our desire for the industry to respond to the demands of
consumers and produce food of the highest quality.

'We promised to kickstart the drive to improve the competitiveness of farmers by
providing funding on a challenge basis.'

He said the quality of the applications had been impressive and very diverse.

Among them were new breeding programmes which could, in the long term,
revolutionise beef quality and consistency.

There would also be an opportunity to look at the relationship between grain
quality and price and developing a benchmarking system to let cereal farmers
evaluate their own performance. English Apples and Pears were working on the
best time to harvest apples and pears to improve storing and eating quality,
said Mr Morley.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2000 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              971 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                      January 10, 2014 Friday 6:45 PM  EST

NABARD INITIATES SLEW OF MEASURES FOR PROMOTING RURAL CREDIT AND RURAL
INFRASTRUCTURE

LENGTH: 566  words


NEW DELHI, Jan. 10 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

NABARD has initiated a slew of measures for improving rural credit and rural
infrastructure particularly warehousing as decided at the 198th Meeting of the
Board of Directors chaired by Dr. Harsh Kumar Bhanwala, Chairman, NABARD, held
here yesterday.

The Board has approved the launch of three crop specific Pilot Projects with
production and post-production interventions to be implemented through Primary
Agriculture Co-operative Society (PACS). The three Pilot Projects include
business models for potato in Hooghly district, West Bengal, tomato in Karnal
district, Haryana, and onion in Nasik district, Maharashtra. The total outlay
for the projects is Rs. 37.20 crore, comprising loan and grant support from
NABARD of Rs 18.43 crore and Rs. 2.43 crore respectively and a subsidy support
of Rs 16.34 crore from the Central/State Governments.

The Pilot Projects envisage crop-specific market surveys, identification of
specific market players and marketing support through establishment of Project
Market Facilitation Centres (PMFCs). The Projects will provide for productivity
enhancing measures and post-harvest interventions. These measures include
support for irrigation particularly micro-irrigation, scientific storage
facility, cold storages and setting-up of agro-service centres. The pilots will
also support promotional interventions including field demonstrations, crop and
activity specific training and capacity building of farmers, exposure visits,
etc. for ensuring technology adoption by them.

NABARD has sanctioned 548 warehousing projects in seven states amounting to Rs
1,046 crore under the NABARD Warehousing Scheme (NWS). These projects on
completion will create an additional storage scientific space of 11.30 lakh MT
for agriculture commodities and also help in better price discovery for farmers.

NABARD Warehousing Scheme 2013-14 has been formulated as per the announcement
made in the Union Budget with a corpus of Rs 5,000 crore. The scheme envisages
financial support for construction of warehouses, godowns, silos, cold storages
and cold chain infrastructure to store agriculture produce, both in public and
private sectors.

As decided by its ALCO, NABARD has revised the rate of interest on refinance
provided to banks for investment credit with effect from January 7, 2014. The
refinance rate has been reduced by 20 basis points, and the revised rate of
interest on refinance for a period of five years for Commercial Banks, State
Cooperative Banks, Regional Rural Banks and Primary Urban Cooperative Banks will
be 9.70%. The revised rate of interest for refinance for a period of three to
five years will be 9.90%.

Further, banks drawing refinance of Rs. 500 crore and more in a single drawal
will be allowed further reduction of 10 basis points, making the effective rate
9.60% and 9.80% respectively. However, for State Cooperative Agriculture and
Rural Development Banks (SCRDBs), 10 basis points reduction is allowed for a
single drawal of Rs. 200 crore and above.

These measures are expected to give a boost to banks for extending investment
credit and creation of much-needed warehousing infrastructure for agricultural
commodities in the country. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            November 26, 2010 Friday

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: THE NEW MEXICAN

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 421 words


In brief

Wildfire educator honored for outstanding work

James Martinez, a fire-prevention officer with the Santa Fe National Forest, was
honored recently with a 2010 Smokey Bear Award certificate by U.S. Forest
Service Chief Thomas Tidwell for his outstanding service to wildfire prevention.

Martinez, 62, of Mora, was recognized for his efforts to educate people about
wildfire dangers in and around the forest. Martinez uses a variety of tools to
teach young people about fire prevention.

"I enjoy working for the Santa Fe National Forest and doing fire prevention
education, especially when I go to schools and talk to students," Martinez said.
"One has to get creative to capture their attention."

Martinez began his career with the Pecos/Las Vegas Ranger District in 1989 as a
seasonal employee. He later served 10 seasons as a firefighter before becoming
the district's fire prevention officer in 2001.

Grant focuses on food delivery in rural N.M.

The nonprofit Farm to Table was awarded a $142,382 grant this week from the USDA
Rural Development Office.

The group will use the money to develop a better strategy for delivering food to
small rural communities in New Mexico through stores and cooperatives. Access to
food in rural villages can be difficult, especially when stores close. People
must drive greater distances to buy food in rural areas and have fewer choices
than in urban areas. Farm to Table will develop guidelines to address three
crucial challenges for food delivery to small rural communities: meat processing
infrastructure, food safety, and food storage.

Thanksgiving holiday closings continue today

Hours of government offices and other institutions will be affected by the
observance of the Thanksgiving holiday, including the following:

u State, city and county government offices remain closed today, except for
emergency services.

u The Santa Fe Public Library, including the main branch on Washington Avenue,
the La Farge branch on Llano Street and the Southside branch on Jaguar Drive,
will remain closed today.

u Fort Marcy Recreation Complex, Genoveva Chavez Community Center and Salvador
Perez Fitness Center will be closed today.

u The city's Solid Waste Division will pick up trash and recycling on the
regular schedule.

u New Mexico Rail Runner Express trains won't operate until Saturday. The Santa
Fe Pick-Up, the city Parking Division's free downtown shuttle, also won't resume
service until Saturday.

u Santa Fe Trails buses will operate today on a Saturday schedule, 8 a.m. to 8
p.m.

The New Mexican

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 The Santa Fe New Mexican
                              All Rights Reserved


                              973 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 1, 1986, Monday, Final Edition

El Salvador Plan Gets Bank Grant

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE F47; INTERNATIONAL LENDING

LENGTH: 333 words


The Inter-American Development Bank has approved a $ 830,000 technical
cooperation grant to finance a program in El Salvador that aims to make better
use of resources in about 200 farming cooperatives. The grant was extended from
the Social Progress Trust Fund.

The project will directly benefit 22,000 cooperative members and 134,000 family
members. A total of 2,160 people will participate in the training program during
two years.

The training program teaches cooperative members new farming methods, and
improved administration and planning techniques. Actual production plans for
each crop will be worked out and instructors will make follow-up visits to the
cooperatives and make changes as needed.

The total cost of the program is estimated at $ 980,000. Local sources will
provide the equivalent of $ 150,000.

Agrarian reform, initiated in 1980 in El Salvador, was applied to properties of
more than 500 hectares. The expropriated area now totals more than 220,000
hectares and is responsible for more than half of the gross domestic product of
the country's agricultural sector. It is is expected that more efficient
cooperatives will be important boost to the economy in El Salvador.

Asian Development Bank

The Asian Development Bank, a Manila-based bank that promotes economic
development in the Asia-Pacific region, approved a $ 26 million loan to
Bangladesh for the Chittagong Urea Fertilizer Project.

The loan comes from the Asian Development Fund, and is repayable over 40 years,
including a grace period of 10 years. It carries a service charge of 1 percent a
year.

The project aims to establish an integrated ammonia/urea fertilizer complex by
using indigenous natural gas from sizable reserves in the Bakhrabad gas field.
When completed in November 1987, the project is expected to produce about
561,000 metric tons of fertilizer annually. The project's goal is to enable
Bangladesh to achieve self-sufficiency in urea fertilizer and to export the
surplus.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              974 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             June 2, 2001 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Tobacco farmers to get $30M for barn upgrades

BYLINE: By GARY D. ROBERTSON Associated Press

SECTION: DURHAM; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 625 words


RALEIGH - Flue-cured tobacco farmers would be further reimbursed for replacing
their curing barns with new technology with a $30 million grant approved Friday
by a state board.

The Tobacco Trust Fund Commission agreed to provide the money to North Carolina
barn owners who replace curing equipment or buy new barns.

Three grants were approved by the commission, which is to distribute $1.1
billion coming from the national tobacco settlement over the next two decades.
The fund, currently with $84 million, is designed to assist tobacco farmers and
industry workers.

"What this has done is protect North Carolina farmers from incurring any
out-of-pocket expenses," said Arnold Hamm of the Flue-Cured Tobacco Cooperative
Stabilization Corp.

Barn owners already are getting help from a $65 million account that helps
replace direct-fire burners inside the barns with heat exchangers.

The industry is prompting the change because it wants only tobacco that is low
in nitrosamines, the carcinogenic compounds that form when tobacco is cured by
burning.

But the industry account won't pay all the expenses associated with retrofitting
the 20,000 tobacco barns in North Carolina.

The average reimbursement from the industry account is slightly more than half
of the average upfit cost of $3,745, Hamm said.

A proposal presented by the North Carolina Farm Bureau asks the cooperative to
administer another plan that would use the $30 million to reimburse farmers for
expenses not covered by the industry plan.

Farmers who complete new barns with heat exchangers before the state board's
July 31 deadline could receive up to $4,000. A new barn can cost at least
$10,000, Hamm told the board.

The cooperative would receive $600,000 of the grant to run the program, with
checks going to barn owners by September.

The board also approved a $168,000 grant to help N.C. State University pay for
similar retrofits at more than 20 tobacco research barns it operates.

The two remaining burley tobacco warehouses in Asheville will benefit from a $2
million grant designed to help attract buyers and growers to government
price-supported auction sites in western North Carolina.

The grant, to be administered by the N.C. Rural Economic Development Center,
will set up pilot marketing projects when the burley sale session opens this
fall at the Planters Tobacco Warehouse and Dixie Big Burley Warehouse.

Burley tobacco sales in western North Carolina have dropped dramatically as
farmers have gone to Tennessee warehouses or entered direct contracts with
tobacco companies. Dixie Big Burley owner Ray Owen said he sold 2.5 million
pounds last year compared with 4.3 million in 1999.

"Let's face it. If this doesn't work, we're going to go out of business," Owen
told the board. With the grant, "we believe it can really work and preserve the
market system."

The warehouses will be turned into "marketing centers," similar to contract
stations where farmers drop off their leaf for direct sale to cigarette
companies. The difference, Owen said, is that buyers will still have to come to
the location to bid for the leaf. The hope is that the centers will help get
leaf sold and money into the hands of farmers more quickly than through
traditional warehouses.

Western North Carolina burley is attractive to foreign cigarette makers.
Domestic growers such as Philip Morris and Lorillard are willing to try buying
from the centers, grant proponents said.

Grant dollars also will be used to reimburse farmers who use the marketing
centers for mandatory marketing fees they must pay, according to the Farm
Bureau.

"We've just given $30 million to these flue-cured farmers. I think we need to
help these farmers as well," William Small, a Columbus County leaf buyer and
commission member, said.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2001 The Durham Herald Co.


                              975 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                McCreary County Record (Whitley City, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 10, 2010 Tuesday

Highland awarded $66 million: Broadband enhancement planned

BYLINE: McCreary County Record, Whitley City, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 534 words


Aug. 10--FRANKFORT --  U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack and Gov. Steve
Beshear announced Wednesday that Kentucky will receive $246 million in broadband
infrastructure grants and loans through eight recently sanctioned projects as
part of the Rural Utility Service Broadband Initiatives Program funded by the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA).

One of the largest awards goes to Highland Telephone Cooperative. HTC will
receive $66,489,162 to enhance broadband communication options in McCreary
County (receiving 29 percent of the funding) as well as Scott and Morgan
counties in Tennessee (71 percent). The project will benefit 52,000 people;
1,800 businesses and 100 community groups.

"Not only will this funding help create jobs, it will also help bring
much-needed infrastructure to our rural communities, helping them to expand
their services, attracting new businesses that will bring economic growth and
jobs by providing affordable access to critical 21st Century technologies," said
Gov. Beshear. "Expanding broadband access in these rural communities will make
it easier for Kentuckians to receive better health care, quality education and
critical small businesses opportunities. This is remarkable news for Kentucky."

Including the projects announced Wednesday, Kentucky has received more than
$325.3 million in grants and loans from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
(USDA) Rural Utility Service (RUS) Broadband Initiatives Programs (BIP).  These
funds are used to create physical infrastructure in communities that are
currently unserved or underserved by broadband providers throughout the
Commonwealth.

"Many rural communities in Kentucky were disadvantaged in the 20th Century
manufacturing economy because of their remote geography," explained Jonathan
Miller, secretary of the Finance and Administration Cabinet, who leads the
Beshear Administration's broadband efforts.  "But in the 21st Century's
information economy, access to affordable broadband makes geography less
important.  This extraordinary infusion of Recovery Act funds will not only help
level the playing field for Kentucky, but we now will have the opportunity to
become national leaders in knowledge and technology expansion."

By leveraging Recovery Act funding authorized by Congress, USDA has been able to
provide loans and grants of $2.65 billion to construct 231 broadband projects in
45 states and one territory. The remaining authorized funds will allow an
additional $1 billion in loans and grants by September 30, 2010. The Recovery
Act provided USDA with a total of $2.5 billion to invest in expanding broadband
access to rural America.

More information about USDA's Recovery Act efforts is available at

www.usda.gov/recovery.

To see more of the McCreary County Record or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://mccrearyrecord.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, McCreary County Record,
Whitley City, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100810-RK-Highland-awarded-66-million-20100810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RK


                     Copyright 2010 McCreary County Record


                              976 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

Public encouraged to attend USDA workshop

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 114 words


USDA Rural Development and the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric
Cooperatives will be hosting a workshop on March 20 about the Rural Energy for
America Program. The workshop will review the loans and grants available to
rural small businesses, farmers and ranchers for renewable energy and efficiency
projects. Attendees will learn about the application process, eligibility
requirements and will have an option to receive individualized assistance.

The meeting is free and open for anyone to attend, but pre-registration is
requested by emailing info@nd.usda.gov It will be held from 9 a.m. to 11:30 a.m.
in the Ulmer Center at the NDaREC headquarters, 3201 Nygren Drive, Mandan.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Public encouraged to attend USDA workshop

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 114 words


USDA Rural Development and the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric
Cooperatives will be hosting a workshop on March 20 about the Rural Energy for
America Program. The workshop will review the loans and grants available to
rural small businesses, farmers and ranchers for renewable energy and efficiency
projects. Attendees will learn about the application process, eligibility
requirements and will have an option to receive individualized assistance.

The meeting is free and open for anyone to attend, but pre-registration is
requested by emailing info@nd.usda.gov It will be held from 9 a.m. to 11:30 a.m.
in the Ulmer Center at the NDaREC headquarters, 3201 Nygren Drive, Mandan.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Public encouraged to attend USDA workshop

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 114 words


USDA Rural Development and the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric
Cooperatives will be hosting a workshop on March 20 about the Rural Energy for
America Program. The workshop will review the loans and grants available to
rural small businesses, farmers and ranchers for renewable energy and efficiency
projects. Attendees will learn about the application process, eligibility
requirements and will have an option to receive individualized assistance.

The meeting is free and open for anyone to attend, but pre-registration is
requested by emailing info@nd.usda.gov It will be held from 9 a.m. to 11:30 a.m.
in the Ulmer Center at the NDaREC headquarters, 3201 Nygren Drive, Mandan.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              979 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Public encouraged to attend USDA workshop

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 114 words


USDA Rural Development and the North Dakota Association of Rural Electric
Cooperatives will be hosting a workshop on March 20 about the Rural Energy for
America Program. The workshop will review the loans and grants available to
rural small businesses, farmers and ranchers for renewable energy and efficiency
projects. Attendees will learn about the application process, eligibility
requirements and will have an option to receive individualized assistance.

The meeting is free and open for anyone to attend, but pre-registration is
requested by emailing info@nd.usda.gov It will be held from 9 a.m. to 11:30 a.m.
in the Ulmer Center at the NDaREC headquarters, 3201 Nygren Drive, Mandan.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                         September 26, 1990, Wednesday

WASHINGTON TRIES TO BOOST GROWTH IN STATE'S LESS DEVELOPED AREAS PUSH UNDER WAY
FOR RURAL EXPORTS

BYLINE: JOHN DAVIES; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FOREIGN TRADE, Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 625 words


At a small testing company in a rural part of eastern Washington, European sales
suddenly are five times the last year's level.

At a log port on the Washington coast, people are working on a way to load empty
grocery trucks with new products ranging from nursery bark to cancer edicine
extracted from yew trees for the backhaul run to the Seattle area.

And at a giant aircraft factory, another team is working out what jetliner parts
aren't being made in Washington state and trying to get outside suppliers to
move into undeveloped sections of the state.

These projects are separated by hundreds of miles and are about as much alike as
a stalk of wheat is to a high-bypass jet engine or a sawlog. Yet all three are
are part of the new Washington state program designed to shift at least a part
of the explosive economic growth of Puget Sound into less developed sections of
Washington state.

Gov. Booth Gardner said Monday that just under $ 500,000 in state grants are
being awarded to a dozen separate ventures, with special emphasis on identifying
new export markets for products from less developed sections of the state.

"We want to demonstrate that rural and urban economies can benefit from sharing
information, expertise and economic opportunities," he said.

Most of the rapid economic growth within Washington state during the past few
years has occurred in five counties surrounding Puget Sound, leaving much of the
rest of the state in comparative economic doldrums.

Some of the projects will look for new exports from the rural areas. Others will
promote economic ties between cities suffering from excessive growth and towns
suffering from lack of economic growth, Gov. Gardner said.

The governor said he believes the Rural-Urban Linkages program could make it
possible to shift some growth away from Puget Sound into other parts of the
state, particularly communities expected to lose jobs as logging is further
restricted.

Ernest Hensley, assistant director of the Grays Harbor Economic Development
Council, in Aberdeen, Wash., said a state grant will allow the three economic
groups in Grays Harbor, Pacific and Wahkiakum counties to set up an
"agri-forestry" cooperative. Such a co-op would identify new products that could
be packaged and marketed through major chain stores.

"We have to do this," he said. "Environmental restrictions are making it harder
and harder for us to harvest timber, but some environmentalists apparently
haven't noticed that the ancient forest domain is already infested by
carbon-based units called people."

In eastern Washington, the emphasis is more on exports. A grant there will allow
the Paloose Economic Development Council of Pomeroy, Wash., to expand a program
that helps match Washington-made products with the needs of international
agricultural buyers.

For example, one Pullman, Wash., manufacturer of electronic moisture detectors
for the food processing industry saw European sales soar fivefold after the
Paloose council put the company in touch with a distributor in France.

In the area immediately north of Seattle, another group is working on lists of
products that are needed in the Puget Sound region, but which currently aren't
available from suppliers in Washington state.

The Economic Development Council of Snohomish County, whose territory includes
the Boeing Co.'s 747 factory in Everett, Wash., is trying to find out-of-state
suppliers and convince them to set up business in Washington, said Jill
Reinmuth, a state specialist on the Rural-Urban Linkages program.

Those suppliers are being encouraged to set up plants in rural areas of
Washington state, outside of the counties in which Tacoma, Seattle and Everett
are located, she said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              981 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                February 7, 2017

                      Western Farmers Electric Cooperative

                              701 N.E. 7th Street
                                 Anadarko 73005
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


WFEC Solar Projects Underway

   Aug 25, 2016

   Row after row of glimmering panels will soon dot portions of Oklahoma, New
Mexico and Texas, as Western Farmers Electric Cooperative (WFEC) is joining
other utilities in the solar energy realm. Both utility-scale projects, as well
as community solar projects, will be a part of this new
venture.&nbspUtility-scale project (25 MW) - power purchase agreement with
developer: &bullCaprock Solar Power Project, located south of Tucumcari, N.M.
This project, which will cover about 200 acres, should be complete by
year&rsquos end and will generate enough solar energy to power about 5,000
homes.&nbspUtility-scale projects (18 MW total) - owned and maintained by WFEC
at five selected sites in Oklahoma &ndasheach is located near an existing WFEC
substation - 7 1/2 to 8 acres are needed for each 1 MW of a utility scale solar
plant. &bullCyril - 5 MW - 20,000 panels &bullTuttle - 4 MW - 16,000 panels
&bullHinton, Marietta and Pine Ridge - 3 MW - 12,000 panels. Community solar
projects are being planned for the service areas of 11 member cooperatives that
have requested projects - each will be from .10 (418 panels) to .25 MW (950
panels) - combined total of 3.55 MW.


Duke Energy Renewables enters New Mexico with a 25-MW solar project

   May 10, 2016

   Duke Energy Renewables announced construction has begun on the 25-megawatt
(MW) Caprock Solar Power Project near Tucumcari in Quay County, New Mexico.The
company acquired the project from Infigen Energy. With completion expected later
this year, the solar installation will generate enough energy to power about
5,000 average homes. Power from the project will be sold to Western Farmers
Electric Cooperative (WFEC) under a 25-year agreement."We are pleased to bring
this solar project to New Mexico and add the state to our growing U.S.
renewables footprint," said Greg Wolf, president, Duke Energy Commercial
Portfolio. "We're also excited to be partnering with a progressive cooperative
like WFEC, which reflects our commitment to provide clean energy solutions for
utilities, cooperatives, municipalities, corporations and other organizations."
Brian Hobbs, WFEC vice president of legal and corporate services, explained that
WFEC has been looking at solar energy for about 10 years. "The costs of
installing solar have dramatically decreased in the past few years and are much
closer to competing with more traditional forms of generation. Coupled with
other benefits, such as no ongoing fuel costs and decreased emissions, we felt
the timing was right to introduce solar into our generation mix. "We believe
diversity of electric generation resources and technology is vital to long-term,
low-cost electric energy," Hobbs added. "That's why we maintain such a diverse
portfolio. WFEC is pleased to work with Duke Energy Renewables to bring solar
energy to rural electric cooperative members in southeast New Mexico." EPC
contractor Swinerton Renewable Energy will build the solar project, which will
consist of more than 103,000 solar panels manufactured by Jinko Solar. In its
commercial business and regulated utilities, Duke Energy owns and operates more
than 2,600 MW of wind and solar energy - enough to power 720,000 average homes
at peak production. The company has invested more than $4 billion in renewable
energy and plans to invest another $3 billion over the next five years.


Akuo Energy USA announces the execution of a Renewable Energy Purchase Agreement
with Western Farmers Electric Cooperative

   Jan 25, 2016

   Akuo Energy USA, Inc. a wholly owned subsidiary of the Paris headquartered,
Akuo Energy SAS announces the signing of a 30-megawatt (MW) renewable energy
purchase agreement (REPA) with Western Farmers Electric Cooperative (WFEC). The
renewable energy will be provided from the Sterling Wind Farm, which will be
located near the city of Tatum, in Lea County New Mexico.Western Farmers
Electric has agreed to purchase the output from the 30 MW project for a span of
15 years."We are pleased to sign this renewable energy purchase agreement with
Western Farmers Electric Cooperative, the largest locally owned power supply
system in the region. The REPA for the Sterling Wind Farm is the second project
for Akuo to reach this milestone in the past twelve months. We look forward to
continuing our collaboration with WFEC, a company with 75 years of experience in
electric power supply including generation and transmission to its 21 member
cooperatives including Lea County Electric Cooperative, and is a leader in the
deployment of renewable energy", said Thomas CotÃ©, CEO of Akuo Energy USA.
"Akuo Energy USA by way of the AEM Wind, LLC is a company that is truly client
focused and passionate in it's pursuit to develop and operate clean, renewable
energy generation facilities and providing customers with value-based energy"
said Brian Hobbs, Vice President, Legal & Corporate Services of Western Farmers
Electric Cooperative.


WFEC Outage Update

   Jan 06, 2016

   Western Farmers Electric Cooperative (WFEC) crews and contractors continue
working day and night to repair damage, they are constantly facing some
extremely tough challenges from this very costly winter storm. The number of
downed transmission poles and structures has more than doubled since last week,
as damage is still being located across the service territory.At the same time,
repair costs are climbing rapidly, as WFEC's preliminary total damage estimate,
to date, is approaching $8.9 million.


WFEC Outage Update

   Jan 04, 2016

   Western Farmers Electric Cooperative (WFEC) suffered a big hit from this
storm system, as over 200 transmission structures were downed across the service
territory. As of Monday, Jan. 4, only two substations remain without service,
down from a total of around 57 sub and switch stations that were without service
at the height of the storm that began Dec. 26.


WFEC, contract crews making headway in repair efforts

   Dec 29, 2015

   Western Farmers Electric Cooperative (WFEC) crews made headway on Sunday and
Monday, with service being restored to some 38 substations that had been
experiencing various problems, off and on, since the beginning of the strong
winter storm on Saturday. Some of these substations were re - energized multiple
times, as additional problems with damaged equipment, breakers and line feeds
would once again cause a loss of service to the site.As of 2 p.m. Tuesday, a
pproximately 20 substations remain without service across WFEC's service
territory. The majority of the outages are being caused by the loss of
transmission structures near the affected substation locations. The
downed/damaged transmission structure count is nearing 100 as of Tuesday
morning, including some single pole, some large H - structures, and a few three
- pole structures, all of which are delaying the return of service to
substations in areas that were highly impacted by the latest winter storm. Some
lines have been able to be sectionalized in order to return service to a few
areas, while others have sustained too much damage to enable this process. Some
areas, including Watonga, have consecutive miles of downed or damaged lines,
while other losses range from one to two structures to as many as 17 or so along
a particular stretch of transmission line. Several days of continuous high
winds, along with muddy conditions have also hampered restoration efforts. WFEC
crews, consisting of over 80 Transmission & Distribution (T&D) employees, have
been working long hours to restore service. As of Tuesday, three contract crews,
consisting of over 60 workers, plus equipment, have also arrived to provide
additional assistance to WFEC. More crews are also available if needed. Partial
service was returned to three substations on Monday, with some load being picked
up at the Geronimo, Essquandale and Grandfield substations in Cotton Electric
Cooperative' s service territory. Full voltage could not be returned to these
sites due to voltage issues on WFEC's transmission system. The distribution
cooperative service territories that continue to have the most WFEC - related
damage include Southwest Rural Electric Association, Cotton Electric
Cooperative, Cimarron Electric Cooperative, Kiwash Electric Cooperative and
Caddo Electric Cooperative. Among the areas still affected by single or multiple
substation outages include Watonga, Calumet, El Reno, Pocasset, Medford, Snyder,
Altus, Frederick, Hollister, Navajo, Tipton, Indiahoma, Cache, Grandfield and
Electra, Texas.


Phoenix Solar to build series of power plants on behalf of the Oklahoma-based
Western Farmers Electric Cooperative

   Dec 08, 2015

   Phoenix Solar, Inc. has been commissioned to build a series of 19
photovoltaic power plants with a total nominal output of 26.6 MWp DC. The
customer is Western Farmers Electric Cooperative (WFEC), based near Oklahoma
City, Oklahoma. The solar systems are to be constructed largely in the state of
Oklahoma, with individual project sizes of up to 5 MWp DC.Phoenix Solar, Inc.,
will carry out all design, engineering and procurement tasks and in addition
will manage the actual construction work for this portfolio. Engineering of some
of the smaller plants has already started and all systems are scheduled to be
completed before the end of 2016.Brian Hobbs, Vice President of Legal and
Corporate Services at WFEC, said: "Our goal is to provide our 22 distribution
cooperative members withreliable, competitively-priced energy, while placing
special emphasis on increasingly harnessing renewable sources of energy, in an
economical manner. Building these projects together with Phoenix Solar is a big
step in this direction." Hobbs noted that WFEC believes that diversity of
resources is key to long-term, low-cost generation. "That's why we use wind,
hydro, solar, coal and natural gas," he said. "Diversity is critical to
long-term reliability and affordability." Tim P. Ryan, CEO of Phoenix Solar AG
added: "With these plants, WFEC is now initiating one of the largest solar
portfolios to be built in the state of Oklahoma. We greatly appreciate the
confidence this large energy cooperative has placed in Phoenix Solar, based on
our track record of safety, quality and on-time, on-budget design and execution
of solar power plants. Western Farmers is clearly creating added value for its
members by supporting their shift to renewable energy. Cooperatives like Western
Farmers throughout the USA are increasingly discovering the benefits of solar
power and we look forward to further opportunities in this new and promising
field."


WFEC Board of Trustees Elects Officers

   Apr 20, 2015

   Officers for the WFEC Board of Trustees were elected during an Organizational
Meeting, hosted recently at the cooperative's Anadarko headquarters. The Board's
Organizational Meeting followed the Annual Meeting of Members.


Western Farmers Electric Cooperative Signs 50 MW Renewable Energy Purchase
Agreement With Apex Clean Energy, Saves Money For Oklahoma Consumers

   Jan 19, 2015

   Apex Clean Energy, through its subsidiary Grant Wind, LLC, has signed a
Renewable Energy Purchase Agreement (REPA) with Western Farmers Electric
Cooperative (WFEC) for 50 megawatts (MW) of wind energy from Apex's Grant Wind
project. With this agreement, Apex has sold the remaining 50 MW of the 150 MW
capacity project, which will produce enough electricity to power more than
56,000 U.S. homes. The project is expected to come online in 2015.This REPA is
the second such transaction between WFEC and Apex Clean Energy. The first 100 MW
REPA was announced in November 2013.Mark Goodwin, Apex Clean Energy president
said, "The Grant Wind project will harness Oklahoma's clean, abundant wind
resources to produce pollution-free power that will lower electric bills for
Oklahoma consumers." "Unlike other energy sources, a tremendous advantage of
wind is it utilizes no water. This is critical to helping Oklahoma conserve its
water resources after several years of extreme drought," said Goodwin. "We could
not be more pleased to be working with Western Farmers Electric Cooperative once
again to bring jobs and new revenue to Grant County. Apex is making these
economic and energy infrastructure investments in Oklahoma because of its robust
wind resource and supportive state policies. Oklahoma has become a leader in
wind energy nationally and this project furthers that status." Over its
lifetime, the Grant Wind project is projected to provide more than $28.7 million
in tax revenue to fund community schools, roads and other local needs.
Approximately $1 million will be paid annually to Oklahoma landowners who hold
leases for the Grant Wind project. Additionally, it is estimated the project
will bring more than $182 million in economic activity to the Grant County area
with approximately 61 jobs for the construction and operation of the wind farm.
"WFEC is pleased to once again be working with Apex Clean Energy. We are also
excited to add this additional economical and environmentally friendly wind
energy resource into our generation mix," explained Brian Hobbs, vice president,
legal and corporate services at WFEC. "With this additional 50 MW, WFEC
continues to take advantage of opportunities to add wind energy resources to our
generation portfolio in a manner that helps manage long-term cost of service to
our rural member consumers in an environmentally responsible manner," Hobbs
pointed out. "Wind energy helps provide valuable diversity to our generation
portfolio."


Graphic highlights bureaucratic maze of EPA's Clean Power Plan

   Oct 14, 2014

   The National Rural Electric Cooperative Association (NRECA) released a
graphic highlighting the complexity of regulating the generation of electricity
under the EPA's proposed Clean Power Plan. "The EPA's proposal implements a
convoluted new maze of government hoops and red tape for consumers, utility
providers, state legislatures and regulators to decipher," said Jo Ann Emerson,
NRECA CEO. "More than any other law on the books, the EPA's proposal will
dictate exactly how American families and businesses use electricity. These new
layers of bureaucratic red tape jeopardize the ability of electric coops to
provide affordable, reliable electricity to our more than 42 million members
across the country."The EPA proposal requires every state to file compliance
plans to achieve specific emissions targets. As illustrated, state compliance
plans will involve many more regulators, legislators, and regulated entities
than any other environmental regulation to date.


REPA signed with new wind farm developer

   Nov 14, 2013

   Western Farmers Electric Cooperative (WFEC) has signed a Renewable Energy
Purchase Agreement (REPA) with Apex Clean Energy, through its subsidiary Balko
Wind, LLC, for 100 megawatts (MW) of wind energy from Apex's Balko Wind
Project.With this agreement, Apex has sold the remaining 100 MW of the 300 MW
capacity project, which will produce enough electricity to power over 110,000
U.S. homes. The project is expected to come online in 2015."Today we can
announce that the Balko Wind project will generate 300 MW of clean, renewable,
homegrown energy in Oklahoma," said Mark Goodwin, President of Apex. "We are
pleased to begin our relationship with WFEC, which will help bring this energy
to Oklahoma homes and businesses." For WFEC, this new site represents the fifth
Oklahoma wind farm development that is a part of a solid, ongoing commitment to
diversify WFEC's portfolio of generation sources. The generation and
transmission cooperative is also participating in the development of wind farms
in New Mexico. The output being purchased from these projects will total a 466
MW nameplate rating, once the Balko Wind Project is completed. These purchases
are made through longterm power purchase agreements. "WFEC continues to support
additional wind resources, but also believes a blend of all fuels (renewable,
coal, natural gas and nuclear) supports stable, affordable electric rates for
consumers," explained WFEC CEO Gary Roulet. This percentage of wind power within
WFEC's annual energy base is also well in line with potential future mandates
that will require a certain percentage of energy be from renewable sources.
"Wind is an important part of WFEC's diverse mix of generation, and plays an
integral part in our overall commitment to renewable energy, as well as enabling
the ability to reduce fossil fuel emissions," commented Roulet. Meeting the
needs of 22 distribution cooperatives and Altus Air Force Base, in addition to
playing an active role in technological advances aimed at reducing carbon, are
essential in meeting future WFEC goals, he added. "WFEC has been a leader in
utility scale wind farms within Oklahoma since signing the state's first power
purchase agreement with a wind farm developer back in 2003," Roulet noted.


Apex Clean Energy And Western Farmers Electric Cooperative Announce 100 MW
Renewable Energy Purchase

   Nov 12, 2013

   Apex Clean Energy, through its subsidiary Balko Wind, LLC, has signed a
Renewable Energy Purchase Agreement (REPA) with Western Farmers Electric
Cooperative (WFEC) for 100 megawatts (MW) of wind energy from Apex's Balko Wind
project. With this agreement, Apex has sold the remaining 100 MW of the 300 MW
capacity project, which will produce enough electricity to power over 110,000
U.S. homes. The project is expected to come online in 2015.The Balko Wind
project will generate 300 MW of clean, renewable, homegrown energy in Oklahoma,
said Mark Goodwin, President of Apex. We are pleased to begin our relationship
with WFEC, which will help bring this energy to Oklahoma homes and
businesses.WFEC continues to support additional wind resources when they support
stable, affordable electric rates for consumers, explained WFEC CEO Gary Roulet.
Wind is an important part of WFEC's diverse mix of generation, and plays an
integral part in our overall commitment to renewable energy, as well as enabling
the ability to reduce fossil fuel emissions, commented Roulet. WFEC has been a
leader in utility scale wind farms within Oklahoma since signing the state's
first power purchase agreement with a wind farm developer back in 2003.


OEC to include 28 MVA Bridge Creek power substation to reduce overloading

   Aug 29, 2013

   Oklahoma Electric Cooperative (OEC) will include a new 28 MVA Bridge Creek
power substation that is under construction by Western Farmer Electric
Cooperative (WFEC) in south of Tuttle, mustangpaper.com reported. Once
completed, the new substation will be able to reduce overloading in the region
and serve 3,000 customers. After completing the substation, WFEC will hand over
it to OEC on lease.The handling work of the project was undertaken by Re-Con
Company. Construction, which was started in July 2013, would be completed by the
end of 2013.OEC electrical engineer Nick Shumaker said, We're not doing this
because of any issues with outages or capacity. This is being done as a
preemptive measure. We have a method where we flag substations that are becoming
close to capacity. This will basically serve our existing customers and can help
us get the lights back on immediately if something happens. Shumaker added.


USDA Announces Funding For Projects To Boost Rural Electric Grid Efficiency And
Reliability

   Jun 12, 2013

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced funding for rural
electric projects in 16 states to provide reliable, affordable electricity for
rural residents, including improved service for native Americans.Tom Vilsack,
secretary of USDA, said, "USDA funding for rural electric utilities not only
improves service to customers, it makes the grid more efficient and reliable and
encourage investment, business development and job creation in rural
communities."USDA's support for rural electric utilities benefits more than 8.5
million rural electric consumers annually. Smart grid technology further
increases the efficiency and reliability of the rural electric system. Since
2011, rural electric cooperatives have used USDA funding to invest nearly $560m
in smart grid improvements. This announcement includes more than $356m in loans
to upgrade rural electric services, including more than $15m in smart grid
funding. The funding will help finance the construction of more than 2,400 miles
of new or improved electric line. One of the utilities that will receive funding
is Western Farmers Electric Cooperative, Inc. It was selected to receive an
$82.4m guaranteed loan to build or improve 78 miles of transmission line, two
substations, and make other system improvements. Additionally, the loan includes
$4.5m for smart grid projects. The funding will benefit customers in Oklahoma,
Kansas, New Mexico and Texas. Projects planned by Beltrami Electric Cooperative
Association in Minnesota, Butte Electric Cooperative, Inc. in South Dakota and
Benton Rural Electric Association in Washington include funding for electric
service improvements in native American communities. The following is a complete
list of rural electric utilities that will receive USDA funding, contingent upon
the recipient meeting the terms of the loan agreement. Arkansas and Louisiana
Ashley-Chicot Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $6.9m: Funds will be used to
serve 569 customers, build 83 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. Florida Sumter Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $30m: Funds
will be used to serve 3,400 customers, build 209 miles of distribution line and
make other system improvements. Georgia Flint Electric Membership Corporation
â[#x20ac]" $48.3m: Funds will be used to serve 4,757 customers, build 438 miles
of distribution line and make other system improvements. Irwin Electric
Membership Corporation â[#x20ac]" $25m: Funds will be used to serve 1,693
customers, build 581 miles of distribution line and make other system
improvements. Indiana Dubois Rural Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]"
$4,000,000: Funds will be used to serve 600 customers, build 100 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan includes $121,800
for smart grid projects. Iowa Butler County Rural Electric Cooperative
â[#x20ac]" $2.5m: Funds will be used to serve 48 customers, build 15 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan includes $20,000
for smart grid projects. Kentucky Fleming-Mason Energy Cooperative, Inc.
â[#x20ac]" $12.38m: Funds will be used to serve 1,100 customers, build 249 miles
of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan includes
$2.33m for smart grid projects. Minnesota Beltrami Electric Cooperative, Inc.
â[#x20ac]" $23.07m: Funds will be used to serve 1,262 customers, build 154 miles
of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan includes
$1,154, 611 for smart grid projects and $5,753,582 for improved service to
native American communities. The Cooperative Light & Power Association of Lake
County â[#x20ac]" $7.72m: Funds will be used to serve 357 customers, build 77
miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan includes
$1,170,750 for smart grid projects. Redwood Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $6m:
Funds will be used to serve 81 customers, build 49 miles of distribution line
and make other system improvements. The loan amount includes $38,000 for smart
grid projects. North Carolina South River Electric Membership Corporation
â[#x20ac]" $30m: Funds will be used to serve 3,754 customers, build 335 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan includes $300,000
for smart grid projects. North Dakota and Minnesota Minnkota Power Cooperative,
Inc. â[#x20ac]" $54.52m: Funds will be used to build 104 miles of transmission
line, a new substation, nine switching stations and make other system
improvements. The loan includes $4.68m for smart grid projects. Oklahoma,
Kansas, New Mexico and Texas Western Farmers Electric Cooperative, Inc.
â[#x20ac]" $82.44m: Funds will be used to build and improve 78 miles of
transmission line, two new substations and make other system improvements. The
loan includes $4.56m for smart grid projects. South Dakota Butte Electric
Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $14.74m: Funds will be used to serve 665 customers, build
82 miles of distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan
includes $879,535 for smart grid projects and $329,000 for service to 118 Native
Americans. Washington Benton Rural Electric Association â[#x20ac]" $9.3m: Funds
will be used to serve 626 customers, build 19 miles of distribution line and
make other system improvements. The loan includes $216,000 for service to 350
native Americans.


Survalent Technology Commissions New SCADA System For WFEC

   Jun 05, 2013

   Survalent Technology Corporation commissioned a new supervisory control and
data acquisition (SCADA) system for Western Farmers Electric Cooperative (WFEC).
The new system features Survalent Technology's open-architecture system based on
Windows Server.It includes several open system applications, including:
WorldView, SCADA Explorer, Command Sequence, Event Data Recording, SCADA Add-In,
IED Wizard and Control Panel, Remote Alarm Annunciation, WebSurv, SCADA
Replicator, Virtual RTU, and NDA API/PI Interface.Mike Roth, Survalent
Technology vice president of sales of Central US, said, Survalent welcomes
Western Farmers Electric Cooperative of Oklahoma as the newest G&T user to our
ever growing family of customers in the electric cooperative world. The
conversion from a process control type of system to a full blown SCADA system,
including high level applications such as Historian and WebSurv, will
substantially contribute to increased operational efficiency, higher reliability
and profit growth for WFEC's business.


ITC Great Plains Energizes Hugo-Valliant Transmission Line And Substation In
Southeastern Oklahoma

   Jul 10, 2012

   ITC Great Plains, LLC, in conjunction with Western Farmers Electric
Cooperative (WFEC), has placed its Hugo-Valliant high-voltage electric
transmission line and substation project into service in southeastern Oklahoma.
The 18-mile, 345kV line and 345kV/138kV substation were implemented to reduce
system congestion, provide more efficient and cost-effective transmission of
energy and increase access to a broader range of generation resources.The
substation, near WFEC's Hugo power plant, provides a link to the WFEC 138kV
transmission system.Terry S. Harvill, vice president of ITC grid development,
said, ITC is proud to complete our first Oklahoma transmission project to
benefit the state and the region. As evidence of our focus on operational
excellence, we recently earned federal certification as a Transmission Operator
in the Southwest Power Pool region. This allows ITC to operate new projects as
they are placed into service. Our ability to develop transmission infrastructure
projects and operate them in a manner that complies with stringent federal
requirements is a critical aspect of our overall development strategy. ITC's
investment in a new high-voltage infrastructure in the Southwest Power Pool
region is founded upon open access to the grid and collaboration with key energy
stakeholders. The partnership with WFEC was crucial to the successful
development of the Hugo-Valliant project. Gary Roulet, CEO of WFEC, said,
Completion of the ITC 345 kV project should reduce transmission congestion,
improve reliability and reinforce long-term economics of the Hugo Plant. Access
to regional generation resources should positively benefit consumer electric
bills.


Enel Green Power Begins Operations At Rocky Ridge Wind Farm In Oklahoma, US

   Jul 02, 2012

   Enel Green Power S.p.A., through its US subsidiary Enel Green Power North
America Inc., started operations at the Rocky Ridge wind farm, located in Kiowa
and Washita counties, Oklahoma. The new wind farm has a total installed capacity
of about 150 MW, and is composed of 93 turbines of 1.6 MW each. The fully
operating plant will generate over 600 million kWh per year, thus avoiding more
than 450 thousand tons of CO2 emissions into the atmosphere annually.The energy
generated by the new wind farm will be purchased by Western Farmers Electric
Cooperative.Francesco Starace, CEO of Enel Green Power, said, With Rocky Ridge,
Enel Green Power continues its solid growth in the United States, which has one
of the most open and competitive markets in the world. Such an achievement
demonstrates our consolidated capacity to execute important investments quickly
and with satisfactory returns. Rocky Ridge spreads over 18,000 acres of land
leased from 75 owners. The wind farm created some 150 jobs during construction,
and now that it is fully operational, about 10 for plant management and
maintenance.


Enel Green Power Starts Construction Of 150 MW Wind Farm In Oklahoma

   Oct 11, 2011

   Enel Green Power North America Inc. (Enel Green Power) and its development
partner TradeWind Energy, LLC started construction activities of the Rocky Ridge
wind project, 51% owned by Enel Green Power, located in Kiowa county and Washita
county, Oklahoma.The new wind farm's installed capacity will total about 150 MW
and consist of 93 wind turbines of 1.6 MW each. Once fully operational, the
plant will generate about 630 million kWh annually, supplying power to about
55,000 US households and avoiding the annual emission of over 470,000 tons of
CO2 into the atmosphere.The wind farm has a power purchase agreement with the
Western Farmers Electric Cooperative. The overall investment in the project
amounts to, about, $250m. This amount, which is fully financed by Enel Green
Power, is part of the 2011-2015 investment program already disclosed to the
market back in March 2011. The plant is expected to become operational in the
summer of 2012. The Rocky Ridge project spreads across 18,000 acres of land,
leased from 75 landowners. The wind farm will generate about 150 jobs during
construction as well as about 10 operation, maintenance and administration jobs
once the plant will be up and running. Francesco Starace, CEO of Enel Green
Power, said, We are thrilled to witness the start of construction of Enel Green
Power's first project in Oklahoma. Over time, our cooperation with TradeWind
Energy proved to be an opportunity to develop renewable energy as well as
creating value among local communities through job and income generation.


USDA Announces Smart Grid, Transmission System Improvements to Create Jobs,
Benefit Consumers in 14 States

   Aug 29, 2011

   The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced that rural electric
cooperative utilities will receive funding for smart grid technologies and
improvements to generation and transmission facilities. These loans will benefit
more than 19,000 rural consumers in 14 states.Tom Vilsack, USDA's secretary,
said, "Rural electric cooperatives provide direct jobs and support economic
growth in our rural communities. By financing electrical system improvements
USDA and the Obama Administration helps ensure sustainable growth and business
job creation. Investments in smart grid technologies will give rural electric
utilities and their consumers one more tool to better manage use of electricity,
increase reliability and lower costs."Among the rural electric cooperative
utilities that will receive funding are Hoosier Energy Rural Electric
Cooperative, Inc., which serves Indiana and parts of Illinois. Hoosier received
a $462.5m loan to fund system projects to improve reliability and comply with
environmental requirements. The loan will also finance smart grid technologies
and transmission line improvements. Northeast Oklahoma Electric Cooperative,
Inc., received a of $23.5m loan to build or improve nearly 250 miles of
distribution line and make other system improvements. The loan includes $1.2m
for automated metering. The $900m in loans announced today are provided by USDA
Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service (RUS) to help electric utilities
upgrade, expand, maintain and replace rural America's electric infrastructure.
RUS funding will help build nearly 1,500 miles of line and improve more than
1,700 miles of existing line in rural areas. More than $19m will finance smart
grid technologies. USDA Rural Development also funds energy conservation and
renewable energy projects. The following is a list of rural utilities that were
selected to receive USDA funding, which is contingent upon the recipient meeting
the terms of the loan agreement. DelawareDelaware Electric Cooperative, Inc.
â[#x20ac]" $28.3m, to build 587 miles of new distribution line, improve 55 miles
of existing distribution line, and make other system improvements.
GeorgiaOcmulgee Electric Membership Corporation â[#x20ac]" $8.96m, to build 238
miles of new distribution line, improve 33 miles of existing distribution line,
and make other system improvements. IowaHarrison County Rural Electric
Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $9m, to build 23 miles of new distribution line, improve
389 miles of existing distribution line, and make other system improvements.
IllinoisIllinois Rural Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $18.2m, to improve 183
miles of existing distribution line, and make other system improvements.
Illinois and IndianaHoosier Energy Rural Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]"
$462.5m, to finance projects for capital additions, upgrades and replacement of
existing generation and transmission facilitiesto build five miles of new
transmission line and improve 71 miles of existing transmission line.
KansasRolling Hills Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $3.72m, to build 17
miles of new distribution lines, and make other system improvements.
MichiganGreat Lakes Energy Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $42.9m, to build 122 miles of
new distribution line, improve 221 miles of existing distribution line, and make
other system improvements. MinnesotaCrow Wing Cooperative Power and Light
Company â[#x20ac]" $22.4m, to build 49 miles of new distribution line, improve
147 miles of existing distribution line, and make other system improvements.
Minnesota and WisconsinEast Central Energy â[#x20ac]" $50m, to build 174 miles
of new distribution line, improve 158 miles of existing distribution line, and
make other system improvements. MissouriConsolidated Electric Cooperative
â[#x20ac]" $15.98m, to build 42 miles of new distribution line, improve 25 miles
of existing distribution line, and make other system improvements. MontanaMcCone
Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $9.36m, to build 13 miles of new
distribution line, improve 61 miles of existing distribution line, and make
other system improvements.Marias River Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]"
$4.26m, to build 21 miles of new distribution line, improve 12 miles of existing
distribution line, and make other system improvements. OklahomaNortheast
Oklahoma Electric Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $23.5m, to build 37 miles of new
distribution line, improve 206 miles of existing distribution line, and make
other system improvements. Oklahoma, Kansas, TexasWestern Farmers Electric
Cooperative â[#x20ac]" $184.1m, to finance generation and transmission system
improvement projects and new constructionto build 16 miles of new transmission
line, and improve 18 miles of existing transmission line. South DakotaUnion
County Electric Cooperative, Inc. â[#x20ac]" $2.7m, to build 16 miles of new
distribution line, make improvements to 26 miles of existing distribution line,
and make other system improvements. TexasNavarro County Electric Cooperative,
Inc. â[#x20ac]" $15.8m, to build 148 miles of new distribution line, improve 253
miles of existing distribution line, and make other system improvements.


Tradewind Energy, WFEC Expand Oklahoma Wind Power Project

   May 03, 2011

   TradeWind Energy, LLC (TradeWind Energy) and Western Farmers Electric
Cooperative (WFEC) have expanded the Rocky Ridge wind project planned for
Oklahoma's Kiowa and Washita counties and announced earlier this year. The
project has expanded by 25 MW to a new total of 150 MW and will include about 93
wind turbines across approximately 28,000 acres of leased land in the two
counties. TradeWind Energy is expected to break ground in the fall of 2011 with
commercial operation anticipated for mid 2012. Approximately 150 workers will be
hired during the construction phase. Upon completion, nine to ten full-time
workers will be employed to monitor and maintain the facility, which will
produce enough electricity to power the equivalent of 45,000 homes.The project
is expected to contribute over $3m annually in direct payments to the local
community via property taxes and rent payments to approximately100 landowners
whose properties will host the turbines or easements. Frank Costanza, TradeWind
Energy executive vice president, corporate development, said, The expansion adds
to the mutually beneficial aspect of the project. Western Farmers will receive
additional low-cost renewable energy andgreater economy of scale, while the
project landowners and the community receive economic benefit via tax and lease
payments. Western Farmers has been tremendous to work with, and TradeWind
appreciates the opportunity to extend our relationship. The Rocky Ridge wind
project will deliver affordable electricity to WFEC member customers in
Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas and New Mexico. Gary Roulet, CEO of WFEC, said, WFEC is
pleased it could reach agreement with TradeWind to increase the size of this
project. The current market conditions for renewable energy, made expanding the
project attractive to WFEC and allows the parties to fully use the
interconnection approved by SPP, thereby gaining economies of scale. The
project, and the increase in size, is good for rural Oklahoma and good for the
member-consumers of the 23 distribution cooperatives served by WFEC. WFEC looks
forward to a long, mutually beneficial relationship with TradeWind.


Tradewind Energy And Western Farmers Electric Cooperative Announce New Oklahoma
Wind Power Project

   Oct 19, 2010

   TradeWind Energy, LLC and Western Farmers Electric Cooperative (WFEC)
announced they have entered into a long-term renewable energy purchase agreement
that will bring economic development and new jobs to Kiowa and Washita counties
in Oklahoma. The Rocky Ridge wind project will deliver clean, low cost
electricity to WFEC member customers in Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas and New
Mexico.The 125 MW Rocky Ridge Wind Project will consist of about 75 wind
turbines to be constructed across 11,000 acres of leased land in the two
counties. Construction is expected to begin within six months, with commercial
operation anticipated for January 2012. Approximately 150 workers will be hired
during the construction phase. Upon completion, nine to ten full-time workers
will be employed to monitor and maintain the facility, which will produce enough
electricity to power the equivalent of 40,000 homes.The project is expected to
contribute over $3m annually in direct payments to the local community via
property taxes and rent payments to approximately100 landowners whose properties
will host the turbines or easements. Frank Costanza, executive vice president of
corporate development at TradeWind Energy, said, Rocky Ridge allows TradeWind to
meet the growing demand for affordable electricity produced from this
inexhaustible Oklahoma resource. Rocky Ridge is one of the most energetic sites
in our portfolio and its location allows us to take advantage of existing
transmission lines to deliver power to WFEC's customers at a reduced cost. Gary
Roulet, CEO of WFEC, said, As a member-owned and operated rural cooperative,
WFEC is committed to providing clean, efficient, reliable and reasonably priced
power to our customers. This purchase agreement with TradeWind provides the
ability to lock-in a very favorable price for the electricity generated by the
Rocky Ridge Wind Project for a long period of time, Roulet explained. Roulet
said, When the Rocky Ridge Wind Project is operational and added to WFEC's three
other wind energy purchase agreements, approximately 15 percent of WFEC's total
annual electricity production will come from power purchase agreements with wind
farm generators in Oklahoma.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Events
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
SWOT Analysis                           Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017


                              982 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 29, 2014 Monday

Washington: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for
America Program for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 6934  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 248 (Monday, December 29, 2014)]
[Notices]
[Pages 78029-78034]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-30184]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Business-Cooperative Service


Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Rural Energy for
America Program for Fiscal Year 2015

AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Business-Cooperative Service (Agency) announces the
acceptance of applications under the Rural Energy for America Program
(REAP) which is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small
businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the
Nation's critical energy needs. REAP has two types of funding
assistance: Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvements
Assistance, and Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development
Assistance Grants.
 The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural
producers and rural small businesses to purchase and install renewable
energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to their
operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy
from: Wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters),
small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these
renewable resources.
 The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant
is available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government;
instrumentality of a State, Tribal, or local government; institution of
higher education; rural electric cooperative; a public power entity; or
a council, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds,
(grantee), will establish a program to assist agricultural producers
and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy efficiency and
the potential to incorporated renewable energy technologies into their
operations.

DATES: Grant applications, guaranteed loan-only applications, and
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for financial
assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any time on an
ongoing basis. Section IV. E., of this Notice establishes the deadline
dates for the applications to be received in order to be considered for
funding provided by Public Law 113-79, commonly referred to as the 2014
Farm Bill Act, for fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015. In summary:
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant
applications and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications.
There will be two application deadline dates to facilitate the use of
fiscal years 2014 and 2015 grant funds. These dates apply to both
fiscal year 2014 and 2015 grant funds.
 (a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have
their application compete for the ``Grants of $20,000 or less set
aside,'' complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on April 30, 2015.
 (b) For applicants requesting grant funds of either $20,000 or
less, or grant funds over $20,000 (unrestricted), complete applications
must be received no later than:
 (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30, 2015, or
 (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on June 30, 2015.
 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and
processed when received with monthly competitions on the first business
day of each month for those applications ready to be funded, however
the first monthly competition will not take place until eight
guaranteed loan only applications are received and ready to be
competed.
 (3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30
p.m. local time on February 12, 2015.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Application Application window opening dates Application window closing dates
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy July 8, 2014........................ April
30, 2015.
 Efficiency Improvement Grants (Over
 $20,000 and Combinations).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy May 1, 2015......................... June
30, 2015.*
 Efficiency Improvement Grants
 ($20,000 or less not competing for
 set aside funds, Over $20,000 and
 Combinations).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy July 8, 2014........................ April
30, 2015.
 Efficiency Improvement Grants
 ($20,000 or less competing for set
 aside funds).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy August 1, 2014......................
Continuous application cycle.
 Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed
 Loans.
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy December 29, 2014................... February
12, 2015.*
 Development Assistance Grants.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
* Applications received after this date will be considered for the next cycle.


ADDRESSES: This solicitation is for agricultural producers and rural
small businesses, as well as units of State, Tribal, or local
government; instrumentalities of a State, Tribal, or local government;
institutions of higher education; rural electric cooperatives; a public
power entities; and Councils, as defined in 16 U.S.C. 3451, who serve
agricultural producers and rural small businesses.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: The applicable USDA Rural Development
Energy Coordinator for your respective State, as identified via the
following link: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.
 For information about this Notice, please contact Mr. Kelley
Oehler, Branch Chief, USDA Rural Development, Energy Division, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250. Telephone: (202) 720-
6819. Email: kelley.oehler@wdc.usda.gov

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

I. Program Description

The REAP is designed to help agricultural producers and rural small
businesses reduce energy costs and consumption and help meet the
Nation's critical energy needs. REAP has two types of funding
assistance: (1) Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency
Improvements Assistance, and (2) Energy Audit and Renewable Energy
Development Assistance Grants.
 A. General. Applications for REAP can be submitted on an ongoing
basis.

[[Page 78030]]

This Notice announces the deadline dates to submit applications for the
REAP funds provided by the Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. 113-79, on
February 7, 2014, (2014 Farm Bill) for fiscal year 2014, and fiscal
year 2015, for: grants, guaranteed loans, and combined grants and
guaranteed loans to purchase and install renewable energy systems, and
make energy efficiency improvements; and for grants to conduct energy
audits, and renewable energy development assistance.
 The Renewable Energy Systems and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Assistance provides grants and guaranteed loans to agricultural
producers and rural small businesses to purchase and install renewable
energy systems and make energy efficiency improvements to their
operations. Eligible renewable energy systems for REAP provide energy
from: wind, solar, renewable biomass (including anaerobic digesters),
small hydro-electric, ocean, geothermal, or hydrogen derived from these
renewable resources.
 The Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grant
is available to a unit of State, Tribal, or local government;
instrumentality of a State, Tribal, or local government; institution of
higher education; rural electric cooperative; a public power entity; or
a council, as define in 16 U.S.C. 3451. The recipient of grant funds,
(grantee), will establish a program to assist agricultural producers
and rural small businesses with evaluating the energy efficiency and
the potential to incorporate renewable energy technologies into their
operations.
 The administrative requirements applicable to each type of funding
available under REAP are described in 7 CFR, part 4280, subpart B. The
provisions specified in 7 CFR 4280.101 through 4280.111 apply to each
funding type described in this Notice.
 B. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Project Grants. In addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the
requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.112 through 4280.124 apply to
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement project
grants.
 C. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Project Guaranteed Loans. In addition to the other provisions of this
Notice the requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.125 through 4280.152,
apply to guaranteed loans for renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement projects. For fiscal year 2015, the guarantee
fee amount is 1 percent of the guaranteed portion of the loan and the
annual renewal fee is 0.250 percent (one-quarter of 1 percent) of the
guaranteed portion of the loan.
 D. Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency Improvement
Project Combined Grant and Guaranteed Loan Requests. In addition to the
other provisions of this Notice, the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.165 apply to a combined grant and guaranteed loan for renewable
energy system and energy efficiency improvement projects.
 E. Energy Audit and Renewable Energy Development Assistance Grants.
In addition to the other provisions of this Notice, the requirements
specified in 7 CFR 4280.186 through 4280.196 apply to energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants.

II. Federal Award Information

A. Statutory Authority. This program is authorized under 7 U.S.C.
8107.
 B. Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number. 10.868.
 C. Funds Available. This Notice is announcing deadline dates for
applications to be submitted for the REAP funds provided by the 2014
Farm Bill for fiscal year 2014 and fiscal year 2015. This Notice is
being published prior to the Congressional enactment of a full-year
appropriation for fiscal year 2015. The Agency will continue to process
applications received under this announcement and should REAP receive
appropriated funds, these funds will be announced on the following Web
site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Reap.html and subject to the same
provisions in this Notice.
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
grant-only funds. For renewable energy system and energy efficiency
improvement projects only, there will be an allocation of grant funds
to each Rural Development State Office. The state allocations will
include an allocation for grants of $20,000 or less funds and an
allocation of grant funds that can be used to fund renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement grants of either $20,000 or
less or grants of more than $20,000, as well as the grant portion of a
combination grant and guaranteed loan. The funds for grants of $20,000
or less can only be used to fund grants requesting $20,000 or less.
 (a) To ensure that small projects have a fair opportunity to
compete for the funding and are consistent with the priorities set
forth in the statute, the Agency will set-aside 20 percent of the
fiscal year 2015 funds until June 30, 2015, to fund grants of $20,000
or less.
 (b) Grant funds available for renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement in fiscal year 2015, regardless of the amount of
funding requested, will consist of both fiscal years 2014 and 2015
funds.
 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement loan
guarantee funds. Rural Development's National Office will maintain a
reserve of grant and guaranteed loan funds. The amount of loan
guarantee program level available will consist of both fiscal years
2014 and 2015 funds.
 (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan and grant combination funds. The amount of funds
available for guaranteed loan and grant combination applications are
outlined in paragraphs II.C(1)(b) and C(2).
 (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant
funds. The amount of funds available for energy audits and renewable
energy development assistance in fiscal year 2015 will be 4 percent of
fiscal year 2015 mandatory funds. Obligations of these funds will take
place through March 31, 2015. Any unobligated balances will be moved to
the renewable energy subsidy account as of April 1, 2015. These funds
may be utilized in any of the renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement national competitions.
 D. Approximate Number of Awards. The estimated number of awards is
2,000, but will depend on amount of funds made available and on the
number of eligible applicants participating in this program.
 E. Type of Instrument. Grant, guaranteed loan, and grant/guaranteed
loan combinations.

III. Eligibility Information

A. Eligible Applicants. To be eligible for the grant portion of the
program, an applicant must meet the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.109, 7 CFR 4280.110, and 7 CFR 4280.112, or 7 CFR 4280.186, as
applicable.
 B. Eligible Lenders and Borrowers. To be eligible for the
guaranteed portion of the program, lenders and borrowers must meet the
eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4280.125 and 7 CFR 4280.127, as
applicable.
 C. Eligible Projects. To be eligible for this program, a project
must meet the eligibility requirements specified in 7 CFR 4280.113, 7
CFR 4280.128, and 7 CFR 4280.187, as applicable.
 D. Cost Sharing or Matching. The 2014 Farm Bill, formally Public
Law 113-79, mandates the maximum percentages of funding that REAP can

[[Page 78031]]

provide. Within the maximum funding amounts specified in this Notice:
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
funding approved for guaranteed loan-only requests and for combination
guaranteed loan and grant requests will not exceed 75 percent of
eligible project costs, with any grant portion not to exceed 25 percent
of total eligible project costs, whether the grant is part of a
combination request or is a grant-only.
 (2) Under the energy audit and renewable energy development
assistance grants, a grantee that conducts energy audits must require
that, as a condition of providing the energy audit, the agricultural
producer or rural small business pay at least 25 percent of the cost of
the energy audit.
 E. Other. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.103. Ineligible project costs can be found in 7 CFR
4280.114(d), 7 CFR 4280.129(f), and 7 CFR 4280.188(c), as applicable.

IV. Application and Submission Information

A. Address to Request Application. Application materials may be
obtained by contacting one of Rural Development's Energy Coordinators,
as identified via the following link:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.
 In addition, for grant applications, applicants may obtain
electronic grant applications for REAP from http://www.Grants.gov. When
you enter the Grants.gov site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site. To use
Grants.gov, all applicants must have a DUNS number (unless the
applicant is an individual), which can be obtained at no cost via a
toll-free request line at 1 (866) 705-5711 or online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that
applicants do not wait until the application deadline date to begin the
application process through Grants.gov.
 B. Application Submittal.
 (1) Grant applications. All grant applications may be submitted
either as hard copy to the appropriate Rural Development Energy
Coordinator or electronically using the Government-wide Grants.gov Web
site. When submitting an application as hard copy, applicants must
submit one original.
 (a) All renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
applications are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinator in the State in which the applicant's proposed project is
located.
 (b) All energy audit and renewable energy development assistance
applications are to be submitted to the USDA Rural Development Energy
Coordinator in the State in which the applicant is headquartered. A
list of USDA Rural Development Energy Coordinators is available via the
following link: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/BCP_Energy_CoordinatorList.html.
 (c) For grant-only applicants submitting their electronic
applications to the Agency via the Grants.gov Web site may download a
copy of the application package to complete it off line and then upload
and submit the application via the Grants.gov site, including all
information typically included in the application, and all necessary
assurances and certifications. After electronically submitting an
application through the Web site, the applicant will receive an
automated acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a Grants.gov
tracking number.
 (2) Guaranteed loan applications. Guaranteed loan-only applications
(i.e., those that are not part of a guaranteed loan/grant combination
request) must be submitted as hard copy.
 (3) Guaranteed loan and grant combination applications.
Applications for guaranteed loans/grants (combination applications)
must be submitted as hard copy.
 C. Content and Form of Application Submission. Applicants seeking
to participate in this program must submit applications in accordance
with this Notice and 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B. Applicants must submit
complete applications containing all parts necessary for the Agency to
determine applicant and project eligibility, to score the application,
and to conduct the technical evaluation, as applicable, in order to be
considered.
 (1) Competition. The application dates published in Section IV.E.
of this Notice, establishes the dates by which complete applications
must be received, in order to compete for the funds available.
 (2) Grant applications. Information required for an application to
be considered complete can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart B.
 (a) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects with total project costs of $80,000 or
less must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.119.
 (b) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects with total projects costs of $200,000
or less, but more than $80,000, must provide information required by 7
CFR 4280.118.
 (c) Grant applications for renewable energy systems and energy
efficiency improvement projects with total projects costs of greater
than $200,000 must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.117.
 (d) Guaranteed loan applications for renewable energy systems and
energy efficiency improvement projects must provide information
required by 7 CFR 4280.137.
 (e) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications for renewable
energy systems and energy efficiency improvement projects must provide
information required by 7 CFR 4280.165(c).
 (f) Applications for energy audits or renewable energy development
assistance grants must provide information required by 7 CFR 4280.190.
 (3) Race, ethnicity, and gender. The Agency is requesting that each
applicant provide race, ethnicity, and gender information about the
applicant. The information will allow the Agency to evaluate its
outreach efforts to under-served and under-represented populations.
Applicants are encouraged to furnish this information with their
application, but are not required to do so. An applicant's eligibility
or the likelihood of receiving an award will not be impacted by
furnishing or not furnishing this information.
 (4) Hybrid projects. If the application is for a hybrid project, as
defined in 7 CFR 4280.103, technical reports, as required under 7 CFR
4280.110(h)(1), must be prepared for each technology that comprises the
hybrid project.
 (5) Multiple facilities. Applicants may submit a single application
that proposes to apply the same renewable energy system (including the
same hybrid project) or energy efficiency improvement across multiple
facilities. For example, a rural small business owner owns five retail
stores and wishes to install solar panels on each store. The rural
small business owner may submit a single application for installing the
solar panels on the five stores. However, if this same owner wishes to
install solar panels on three of the five stores and wind turbines for
the other two stores, the owner can only submit an application for
either the solar panels or for the wind turbines in the same fiscal
year.
 (6) Fiscal year 2014 Renewable Energy System and Energy Efficiency
Improvement Applications. If an application for a project was submitted
for the first time for fiscal year 2014

[[Page 78032]]

funding and that initial application was determined eligible, but was
not funded, the Agency will consider that initial fiscal year 2014
application for funding in fiscal year 2015. The applicants that
qualify under this paragraph will be allowed to provide additional
information to document the environmental benefits scoring criterion
without creating a new complete application date. If an applicant
submitted the initial application on or prior to June 14, 2013, the
applicant must submit a new application meeting the requirements of
this Notice in order to be considered for fiscal year 2015 funds for
that project and a new submission date of record will be established.
 D. System for Award Management (SAM) and Dun and Bradstreet
Universal Number System (DUNS) Number. Unless exempt under 2 CFR
25.110, all applicants must:
 (1) Be registered in the SAM prior to submitting an application or
plan;
 (2) Maintain an active SAM registration with current information at
all times during which it has an active Federal award or an application
or plan under consideration by the Agency; and
 (3) Provide its DUNS number in each application or plan it submits
to the Agency.
 (4) At the time the Agency is ready to make an award, if the
applicant has not complied with paragraph IV.A(1) through A(3), the
Agency may determine the applicant is not eligible to receive the
award.
 E. Submission Dates and Times. Grant applications, guaranteed loan-
only applications, and combined grant and guaranteed loan applications
for financial assistance under this subpart may be submitted at any
time on an ongoing basis. When an application window closes, the next
application window opens on the following day. This Notice establishes
the deadline dates for the applications to be received in order to be
considered for funding provided by the 2014 Farm Bill for fiscal year
2014 and fiscal year 2015. An application received after these dates
will be considered with other applications received in the next
application window. In order to be considered for funds under this
Notice, complete applications must be received by the appropriate USDA
Rural Development State Office or via grants.gov. The deadline for
applications to be received to be considered for funding in fiscal year
2015 are outlined in the following paragraphs and also summarized in a
table at the end of paragraph IV.E:
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant
applications and combination grant and guaranteed loan applications.
The Agency is establishing two application deadline dates to facilitate
the use of fiscal years 2014 and 2015 grant funds. Combination grant
and guaranteed loan applications will compete for grant funds based on
their grant score. The two dates that complete applications must be
received by the Agency in order to compete for available funds are:
 (a) For applicants requesting $20,000 or less that wish to have
their application compete for the ``Grants of $20,000 or less set
aside,'' complete applications must be received no later than 4:30 p.m.
local time on April 30, 2015.
 (b) For applicants requesting grant funds of either $20,000 or
less, or grant funds over $20,000 (unrestricted), complete applications
must be received no later than:
 (i) 4:30 p.m. local time on April 30, 2015, or
 (ii) 4:30 p.m. local time on June 30, 2015.
 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan-only applications. Applications will be reviewed and
processed when received with monthly competitions on the first business
day of each month for those applications ready to be funded, however
the first monthly competition will not take place until eight
guaranteed loan only applications are received and ready to be
competed.
 (3) Energy audits and renewable energy development assistance grant
applications. Complete applications must be received no later than 4:30
p.m. local time on February 12, 2015.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Application Application window opening dates Application window closing dates
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy July 8, 2014........................ April
30, 2015.
 Efficiency Improvement Grants
 ($20,000 or less not competing for
 set aside funds, Over $20,000 and
 Combinations).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy May 1, 2015......................... June
30, 2015.*
 Efficiency Improvement Grants
 ($20,000 or less not competing for
 set aside funds, Over $20,000 and
 Combinations).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy July 8, 2014........................ April
30, 2015.
 Efficiency Improvement Grants
 ($20,000 or less competing for set
 aside funds).
Renewable Energy Systems and Energy August 1, 2014......................
Continuous application cycle.
 Efficiency Improvement Guaranteed
 Loans.
Energy Audit and Renewable Energy December 29, 2014................... February
12, 2015.*
 Development Assistance Grants.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
* Applications received after this date will be considered for the next cycle.

F. Intergovernmental Review. REAP is not subject to Executive Order
12372, Intergovernmental Review of Federal Programs.
 G. Funding Limitations. The following funding limitations apply to
applications submitted under this Notice.
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
projects.
 (a) Applicants may apply for only one renewable energy system
project and one energy efficiency improvement project in fiscal year
2015.
 (b) For renewable energy system grants, the minimum grant is $2,500
and the maximum is $500,000. For energy efficiency improvement grants,
the minimum grant is $1,500 and the maximum grant is $250,000.
 (c) For renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
loan guarantees, the minimum guaranteed loan amount is $5,000 and the
maximum amount of a guaranteed loan to be provided to a borrower is $25
million.
 (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan and grant combination applications. Paragraphs
IV.G(1)(b) and (c) contain the applicable maximum amounts and minimum
amounts for grants and guaranteed loans.
 (2) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance
grants.
 (a) Applicants may only submit one energy audit grant application
and one renewable energy development assistance grant application for
fiscal year 2015 funds.
 (b) The maximum aggregate amount of energy audit and renewable
energy development assistance grants awarded to any one recipient under
this Notice cannot exceed $100,000 for fiscal year 2015.

[[Page 78033]]

(c) Public Law 113-79, commonly known as the 2014 Farm Bill,
mandates that the recipient of a grant that conducts an energy audit
for an agricultural producer or a rural small business must require the
agricultural producer or rural small business to pay at least 25
percent of the cost of the energy audit, which shall be retained by the
eligible entity for the cost of the audit.
 (3) Maximum grant assistance to an entity. For the purposes of this
Notice, the maximum amount of grant assistance to an entity will not
exceed $750,000 for fiscal year 2015 based on the total amount of
renewable energy system, energy efficiency improvement, energy audit,
and renewable energy development assistance grants awarded to an entity
under REAP.
 H. Other Submission Requirements and Information.
 (1) Environmental information. For the Agency to consider an
application, the application must include all environmental review
documents with supporting documentation in accordance with 7 CFR part
1940, subpart G. Applications for financial assistance for planning or
management purposes are typically categorically excluded from the
environmental review process by 7 CFR 1940.310(e)(1). Any required
environmental review must be completed prior to obligation of funds or
the approval of the application.
 (2) Original signatures. USDA Rural Development may request that
the applicant provide original signatures on forms submitted through
Grants.gov at a later date.
 (3) Transparency Act Reporting. All recipients of Federal financial
assistance are required to report information about first-tier sub
awards and executive compensation in accordance with 2 CFR part 170. So
long as an entity applicant does not have an exception under 2 CFR
170.110(b), the applicant must have the necessary processes and systems
in place to comply with the reporting requirements should the applicant
receive funding. See 2 CFR 170.200(b).

V. Application Review Information

A. Evaluation Criteria. All complete applications will be scored in
accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120, 4280.135, and 4280.192. Applications
for projects in rural areas with the lowest incomes where, according to
the American Community Survey data by census, tracts show that at least
20 percent of the population is living in poverty will qualify for
administrative points applicable under 7 CFR 4280.120(g). This emphasis
will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its
funding by 2016 to these areas of need.
 (1) Combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will be scored
in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.120.
 (2) For hybrid applications, each technical report will be
evaluated based on its own merit.
 B. Review and Selection Process. Grant-only applications,
guaranteed loan-only applications, and combined grant and guaranteed
loan applications for financial assistance may be submitted at any
time. In order to be considered for funds, complete applications must
be received by the appropriate USDA Rural Development State Office or
via grants.gov, as identified in Section IV. E., of this Notice.
 (1) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
grants. Due to the competitive nature of this program, applications are
competed based on submittal date. The submittal date is the date the
Agency receives a complete application. The complete application date
is the date the Agency receives the last piece of information that
allows the Agency to determine eligibility and to score, rank, and
compete the application for funding.
 (a) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
grants of $20,000 or less State funds. Funds will be allocated to the
States. Applications must be submitted by April 30, 2015 in order to be
considered for these set aside funds. All State allocated unused funds
for grants of $20,000 or less will be pooled to the National Office.
 (b) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
grants of $20,000 or less national funds. All unfunded eligible
applications for grants of $20,000 or less received by April 30, 2015,
will be competed against other applications for grants of $20,000 or
less from other States at a final national competition. Obligations of
these funds will take place prior to June 30, 2015.
 (c) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grant
funds that can be awarded to any renewable energy system or energy
efficiency improvement application, regardless of the amount of the
funding request, will be allocated to the States. The State will award
50 percent of these funds for those complete applications the Agency
receives by April 30, 2015, and 50 percent of the funds for those
complete applications the Agency receives by June 30, 2015. All unused
funds for grant funds will be pooled to the National Office.
 (d) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
national grant funds. All unfunded eligible applications for grants,
which include grants of $20,000 or less, received by April 30, 2015,
that are not funded by State allocations can be submitted to the
National Office to compete against grant applications from other States
at a final national competition.
 (2) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
guaranteed loan funds. The National Office will maintain a reserve for
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement guaranteed
loan funds. Applications will be reviewed and processed when received.
Those applications that meet the Agency's underwriting requirements,
are credit worthy, and score a minimum of 50 points, will compete in
national competitions for guaranteed loan funds on the first business
day of each month. All unfunded eligible guaranteed loan-only
applications received, that do not score at least 50 points will be
competed against other guaranteed loan-only applications from other
States at a final national competition, if the guaranteed loan reserves
have not been completely depleted, on September 1, 2015. If funds
remain after the final guaranteed loan-only national competition, the
Agency may elect to utilize budget authority to fund additional grant-
only.
 (3) Renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement
combined grant and guaranteed loan applications will compete with
grant-only applications for grant funds allocated to their State
referenced in paragraph V.B(1)(c). If the application is ranked high
enough to receive State allocated grant funds, the State will request
guaranteed loan portion of any combined grant and guaranteed loan
applications from the National Office guaranteed loan reserve, and no
further competition will be required.
 (4) Energy audit and renewable energy development assistance grant
funds will be maintained in a reserve at the National Office. The two
highest scoring applications from each State, based on the scoring
criteria established under Sec. 4280.192, will compete for funding at
a national competition. If funds remain after the energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance national competition, the
Agency may elect to transfer budget authority. The budget authority
will be utilized to fund additional renewable energy system and energy
efficiency improvement grants from the National Office reserve after
pooling.
 (5) If a State allocation is not sufficient to fund the total
amount of a grant or combination application, the applicant must be
notified that they may

[[Page 78034]]

accept the remaining funds or submit the total request for National
Office reserve funds available after pooling. If the applicant agrees
to lower its grant request, the applicant must certify that the
purposes of the project will be met and provide the remaining total
funds needed to complete the project.
 If one or more grant or combination applications have the same
score and remaining funds in the State allocation are insufficient to
fully award all, the remaining funds must be divided proportionally
between the applications. The applicant must be notified they may
accept the proportional amount of funds or submit their total request
for National Office reserve. If the applicant agrees to lower its grant
request, the applicant must certify that the purposes of the project
will be met and provide the remaining total funds needed to complete
the project.
 At its discretion, the Agency may also elect to allow the remaining
funds to be carried over to the next fiscal year rather than selecting
a lower scoring application(s) or distributing funds on a pro-rata
basis.
 C. Award Considerations. All awards will be on a discretionary
basis. In determining the amount of a renewable energy system or energy
efficiency improvement grant or loan guarantee, the Agency will
consider the six criteria specified in 7 CFR 4280.114(e) or 7 CFR
4280.129(g), as applicable.
 D. Anticipated Announcement and Federal Award Dates. All awards
should be completed by September 30, 2015.

VI. Federal Award Administration Information

A. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will award and administer
renewable energy system and energy efficiency improvement grants,
guaranteed loans in accordance with 7 CFR 4280.122, and 7 CFR 4280.139,
as applicable. The Agency will award and administer the energy audit
and renewable energy development assistance grants in accordance with 7
CFR 4280.195. Notification requirements of 7 CFR 4280.111, apply to
this Notice.
 B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements.
 (1) Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination. The Agency will ensure
that equal opportunity and nondiscrimination requirements are met in
accordance with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, 15 U.S.C. 1691 et
seq. and 7 CFR part 15d, Nondiscrimination in Programs and Activities
Conducted by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The Agency will not
discriminate against applicants on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin, sex, marital status, or age (provided that the
applicant has the capacity to contract); because all or part of the
applicant's income derives from any public assistance program; or
because the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the
Consumer Credit Protection Act, 15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.
 (2) Civil Rights Compliance. Recipients of grants must comply with
the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.,
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 2000d et seq., and
Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, 29 U.S.C. 794. This may
include collection and maintenance of data on the race, sex, and
national origin of the recipient's membership/ownership and employees.
These data must be available to conduct compliance reviews in
accordance with 7 CFR 1901.204.
 (3) Environmental Analysis. 7 CFR part 1940, subpart G or successor
regulation outlines environmental procedures and requirements for this
subpart. Prospective applicants are advised to contact the Agency to
determine environmental requirements as soon as practicable after they
decide to pursue any form of financial assistance directly or
indirectly available through the Agency.
 (4) Appeals. A person may seek a review of an Agency decision or
appeal to the National Appeals Division in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.105.
 C. Reporting. Reporting requirements will be in accordance with the
Grant Agreement, 7 CFR 4280.123(j), 7 CFR 4280.143, 7 CFR 4280.196, as
applicable.

VII. Other Information

A. Paperwork Reduction Act

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the
information collection requirements associated with renewable energy
system and energy efficiency improvement grants and guaranteed loans,
as covered in this Notice, has been approved by the Office of
Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number 0570-0050. The
information collection requirements associated with energy audit and
renewable energy development assistance grants have also been approved
by OMB under OMB Control Number 0570-0059.

B. Nondiscrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
in all its programs and activities on the basis of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, and where applicable, sex, marital
status, familial status, parental status, religion, sexual orientation,
genetic information, political beliefs, reprisal, or because of all or
part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance
program. (Not all prohibited bases apply to all programs.) Persons with
disabilities who require alternative means for communication of program
information (Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) should contact
USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint
Form, found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at
any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of
the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint
form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or
have speech disabilities and you wish to file a program complaint
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339
or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). USDA is an equal opportunity provider
and employer.'' The full ``Non-Discrimination Statement'' is found at:
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navtype=FT&navid=Non_Discrimination
.

Dated: December 18, 2014.
Lillian E. Salerno,
Administrator, Rural Business-Cooperative Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-30184 Filed 12-24-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XY-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            November 27, 2009 Friday
                                  City Edition

Stimulus requests abound for rural Internet service

BYLINE: CHRIS CASTEEL, Washington Bureau <br> ccasteel@opubco.com

SECTION: NEWS METRO/STATE; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 1255 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - Stimulus grants and loans for expanding high-speed Internet service
in rural and other underserved areas have drawn dozens of applications in
Oklahoma totaling nearly $5 billion, which is more money than will be available
in the entire nation in the first round of funding.

Businesses, nonprofit groups, state and local governments, universities and
Indian tribes in Oklahoma, along with Internet service companies in other
states, have applied for money to provide Oklahomans with broadband service and
training.

The $787 billion stimulus bill included $7.2 billion for broadband projects,
with the money divided between the Agriculture and Commerce departments.
Agencies within those departments are expected to announce next month some of
the winners of the first round of funding. The second round will be conducted
early next year.

"I think this is one of the more beneficial programs they have identified for
stimulus funds," said Dick Segress, CEO of WaveLinx, an Oklahoma City-based
Internet service provider applying for some of the stimulus money. "We know
broadband development brings economic development into the rural communities."

Segress' company is seeking a $3.6 million grant and a $7.2 million loan that,
according to the application, would provide service to 850,000 Oklahomans in 220
underserved rural communities.

Though it is not by any stretch the largest amount of money requested - some
requests to provide coverage in Oklahoma and numerous other states are in the
hundreds of millions of dollars - it is among the more ambitious in how many
Oklahomans it would cover for the cost. WaveLinx is proposing a wireless network
for the area it wants to cover.

Segress said that cost-to-coverage factor should be the most important one
considered when awarding the grants.

The WaveLinx application is being challenged by numerous other providers,
including AT&T, Windstream, KanOkla Networks and Allegiance Communications,
which say they're already providing service in areas that WaveLinx's application
covers.

"Windstream's data strongly suggest that the proposed funded service area likely
does not qualify as an underserved area," Windstream said in a public comment
about the WaveLinx application.

Segress said he wasn't surprised by the number of comments his application
received, given the broad area he's proposing to serve. But he said many of the
companies claiming to serve the same area only offer service to the core area of
a rural town.

Requests challenged

Many of the applications submitted in Oklahoma are being challenged as having
overlapping areas already served by broadband, which may be why some of the
stimulus money is going to be used to develop detailed state maps of where
high-speed service is available.

One of the applications not being challenged is the one made by Oklahoma Western
Telephone Company, which, despite its name, actually serves the mountainous and
sparsely populated southeastern corner of the state. The independent company is
seeking $12.7 million and hopes that, at the end of five years, it could have
more than 1,700 residential subscribers and 278 business subscribers.

Bryan Morris, the administrator of Oklahoma Western, said big companies are
moving into some rural communities, but not in his company's service area where,
he said, most people have no affordable options for high-speed service.

"Whether we get the $12 million - we just want to give our customers the best
service we can," Morris said.

Definitions unclear

In Washington, members of Congress have been concerned that the agencies
overseeing the grants and loans have been struggling to make the rules clear and
to handle the large volume of applications. The agencies received nearly 2,200
applications seeking $28 billion - about four times the money available. The
agencies have pushed back the announcement of first-round awards by a month and
have decided only to have one more round, instead of two more as originally
planned.

At a House Agriculture subcommittee meeting last week, Jonathan S. Adelstein,
administrator of the USDA's Rural Utilities Service, said there had been some
problems with definitions, such as what constitutes a remote area, that are
expected to be cleared up by the next round of funding decisions.

He said some applicants "have displayed a misunderstanding of the word remote
and that people reviewing the applications were finding that some of the areas
called remote actually do have high-speed service."

Process monitored

Meanwhile, at least one outside watchdog group is also monitoring the process.
Citizens Against Government Waste has objected to nearly two dozen applications
made for funding from the National Telecommunications Information
Administration, the Commerce Department agency distributing broadband money.

The group said one applicant, the California Broadband Cooperative, is seeking
$81 million to serve 400 housing units, or $202,500 per unit.

"In order for NTIA to spend $4.7 billion expeditiously without waste or
mismanagement, the agency will have to thoroughly review each application," said
Tom Schatz, president of Citizens Against Government Waste. "There is a Sept.
30, 2010, deadline to spend the stimulus money, so there may be a temptation to
just say 'yes' to every applicant."

Lawrence E. Strickling, an official with the NTIA, told the House Agriculture
subcommittee last week that the agency has been working with the Inspector
General to minimize the risk of waste, fraud and abuse. As the projects move
forward, he said, there will be site visits and other monitoring efforts.

AT A GLANCE

STIMULUS GRANT APPLICATIONS

Examples of Oklahoma applications for stimulus grants to provide broadband
service:

Oklahoma Department of Veterans Affairs

Grant request: $723,414 to provide telemedicine, video-conferencing, on-demand
staff training and advanced health care alternatives to rural wartime veterans
in Oklahoma.

Oklahoma City University

Grant request: $1.3 million for an Intergenerational Public Computer Center for
area residents, which would provide health and job educational courses and
seminars, child development services and education and community outreach to
vulnerable populations.

Wichita Online Inc., Medicine Park

Grant request: $1.4 million to install a 60-mile fiber transport network between
Sterling and Maysville, allowing high-speed connections to a hospital, two
health clinics, six town halls and eight fire departments.

Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes, Concho

Grant request: $6.3 million to "address the unserved and underserved population
within the tribes' jurisdiction."

Panhandle Telephone Cooperative, Inc., Guymon

Grant request: $18 million along with a loan request of $6.2 million to expand
broadband infrastructure of rural areas in the Panhandle.

@Link Services LLC, Oklahoma City

Grant request: $2.1 million "to use the unique culture impact of sports in
Oklahoma to create a personally relevant demand for broadband."

City of Tulsa

Grant request: $46.4 million to extend the current fiber conduit system and
expand coverage to the city's north and west. The city wants to collaborate with
private providers "to connect anchor institutions as well as industrial and
business districts to stimulate the demand for broadband while encouraging
economic growth, job creation and competition."

Hughes Network Systems, Germantown, MD

Grant request: $398 million for "rapid deployment of broadband" in unserved and
underserved areas in all 50 states and the District of Columbia.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                               December 14, 2013

Govt Secures Rwf8.5 Billion for Feeder Roads

BYLINE: Peterson Tumwebaze

LENGTH: 506 words


The government and the Kingdom of Netherlands have signed a Rwf8.5 billion grant
to finance the maintenance and rehabilitation of feeder roads in Rwanda.

The project will ease farmers' accessibility to the markets through maintenance
of 664 kilometres and rehabilitation of 163 kilometres of road networks in
Nyamasheke, Rusizi, Burera, Musanze and Gicumbi districts, according Amb. Claver
Gatete, the minister for finance and economic planning.

"Funds will mainly be allocated to both works and capacity building in road
rehabilitation and maintenance," Amb. Gatete said.

Farmers' access to markets

The minister said feeder roads development is among the post-harvest programmes
within the Agriculture Sector Strategy, which aims to boost farmers' incomes
through reduced transport costs and easy access to markets.

"Accessing market is a major bottleneck to farmers because of impassable rural
roads," he said.

The minister also noted that the funds come as additional support to other
interventions within the Rwanda Local Decentralisation

Support and rural development, which is in line with the Second Economic
Development and Poverty Reduction Strategy (EDPRS2) programme.

"You can't talk about rural development without talking about agriculture and
feeder roads," he added.

The Minister for Agriculture, Dr Agnes Kalibata, said availing farmers with
modern infrastructure, including roads, will not only help address the challenge
of market accessibility but also reduce the cost of production and transport.

"The fund is coming at the right time when we are looking at agriculture playing
a pivotal role in the transformation of the country through creation of
employment opportunities, boosting the export industry and improving the overall
livelihood of farmers," Dr Kalibata said.

Leaon Cuelenaere, the Dutch Ambassador to Rwanda, said her country is committed
to supporting Rwanda because of the value the country has placed on economic
development.

"It shows you our fantastic cooperation and commitment we have with Rwanda,
there is no doubt that everything is working out in this country," Cuelenaere
said.

Economic sustenance

The Dutch envoy said availing affordable and renewable energy and modern
infrastructure to entrepreneurs will fast-track economic sustainability.

The project is also expected to benefit youth and women who will be employed
during the implementation process.

Sixty-three road maintenance cooperatives, largely made up of youth and women,
are expected to be employed during this project implementation.

The feeder road project is expected to start before the end of December and end
in May 2016.

This year, Netherlands has provided more than Rwf38 billion to support
decentralisation, energy and justice sectors. Last month, Rwanda signed a Euro 4
million (about Rwf3.5 billion) funding deal with the Kingdom of Netherlands to
support the electricity access rollout programme.

Agriculture employs more than 80 per cent of the total population and
contributes about 39 per cent growth domestic product of the economy.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 24, 2012

USDA seeking applications to improve housing

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 225  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Jasper Schneider says that applications
for grants are being accepted to provide assistance to low income rural
residents to repair their homes.

"This funding opportunity helps homeowners make necessary property improvements
which are important to building strong, vibrant communities," Schneider said.
'"Upgrades may include anything from replacing a roof to installing energy
efficient technology."

Housing Preservation Grants are available to intermediaries such as town or
county governments, public-agencies, federally recognized Indian Tribes, and
non-profit and faith-based organizations. The grants are then distributed to
qualified homeowners, owners of multi-family rental properties or cooperative
dwellings who rent to low income residents.

Grants can be used to weatherize and repair existing structures, install or
improve plumbing or provide access to people with disabilities. Housing
Preservations Grants help bring job growth and stability to communities while
improving living conditions.

For fiscal year 2012, USDA may award up to $4.1 million in competitive grants
through the Housing Preservation Grant program. Applications are due June 25,
2012. For more information on how to apply, please contact the USDA Rural
Development office in Bismarck at (701) 530-2037 or visit
www.rurdev.usda.gov/nd.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regional Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Golden Valley News


                              986 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 13, 2017

                  Four County Electric Membership Corporation

                            1822 NC Highway 53 West
                                  Burgaw 28425
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


NCDOC Awards $4.6m Green Business Fund For Renewables And Energy Efficiency
Projects

   Apr 27, 2011

   North Carolina Department of Commerce (NCDOC) has announced that 16 North
Carolina small businesses and organizations will receive awards from the North
Carolina Green Business Fund, totaling $4,580,686.45. These projects will result
in a total of about 35 jobs being created or retained.Keith Crisco, secretary of
NCDOC, said, Encouraging investments in the green economy is a centerpiece of
our job creation strategy. This fast growing industry holds vast potential for
the future and we must continue to support its development in North Carolina.The
fund, created by governor Perdue in 2007, is administered by the North Carolina
Board of Science and Technology. This is the fourth round of grants awarded by
the fund which has given out about $8m in grants. The grants for energy
efficiency and renewable energy projects were funded through the American
Recovery and Reinvestment act via the U.S. Department of Energy State Energy
Program (SEP). Grants were awarded after a competitive review process, including
qualification under federal Department of Energy funding criteria. Project
Descriptions: Butler Farms (Lillington, Harnett County) â[#x20ac]"$373,78 The
Butler Farms project will install a ground mounted biogas-to-energy system at
Butler Farms, a swine farm housing over 7,000 hogs in 10 barns. The lagoons are
two of only six covered swine waste lagoons in North Carolina. This project is
anticipated to generate 3,502 MBTUs of energy annually. Black Farms (Bunnlevel,
Harnett County) - $295,13 Generate electricity from swine waste as a
demonstration project in rural North Carolina. The electricity will be used to
offset energy usage at the farm and excess energy will be sold back to the grid.
This project is anticipated to generate 2,750 MBTUs of energy annually.
Community Development Specialists Incorporated (Asheville, Buncombe County) -
$149,48 Install six small wind turbines and seven small solar thermal
demonstration systems on local food producing farms in the 10 21st Century
communities in western North Carolina, in partnership with Green Brothers Solar,
and provide renewable energy installation training as part of each installation.
The total amount of renewable energy generated by the installations will exceed
28,000kWh annually. Kyma Technologies (Raleigh, Wake County) â[#x20ac]"$427,76
Install a geothermal HVAC system and improve lighting efficiency on a facility
that supplies crystalline gallium nitride (GaN) materials. GaN materials are
needed to support increased electrical efficiency in commercial applications,
including: light emitting diodes (LEDs) and power electronics for power
management in factories, the electric grid, hybrid- and all-electric vehicles,
solar panels, and wind power. These measures will reduce energy usage by a
targeted 30%. Microcell Corporation (Raleigh, Wake County) â[#x20ac]" $484,12
Install 10 1kW fuel cell units with hot water heater/space heater capability at
a variety of North Carolina locations with its partner, North Carolina Electric
Membership Corporation and its member electric cooperatives to replace
inefficient, air polluting, and noisy portable diesel and gas fired generators.
North Carolina State University, Center for Marine Sciences and Tech (Morehead
City, Carteret County) â[#x20ac]" $228,519.00 Install and demonstrate a small
hybrid photovoltaic-wind system to power pumps and heat water for aquaculture
tanks in North Carolina businesses. Projected energy generation is 21,500kWh
annually, which will be used to offset energy usage at the Marine Aquaculture
Research Center facility. Onslow County Farmers Market Inc (Jacksonville, Onslow
County) â[#x20ac]" $24,095.89 Install 30 solar panels on the roof of the
farmer's co-op association and track energy generation. When installed, the
solar panels would produce energy enough to operate 17 fluorescent lights, four
ceilings fans and a proposed cistern pump with which to irrigate the
horticultural garden and a solar power learning exhibit. Storms Farms
(Bladenboro, Bladen County) â[#x20ac]" $500,00 This project will capture methane
from an existing swine farm housing about 4,900 hogs in four barns. Lagoon
covers and a ground mounted biogas-to-energy system will be installed. The power
interconnect equipment will enable the use of the electrical energy on-site and
to sell excess power to the Four County Electric Membership Corporation.
Monitoring instrumentation will allow for real time data collection and web
posting of the energy performance at the project. The energy generated from this
project is expected to exceed 10,000 MBTUs annually. Vestal Farms (Kenansville,
Duplin County) - $369,05 This project will install a ground mounted
biogas-to-energy system at Vestal Farms in Duplin County, which houses a
feeder-to-finish hog farm with over 9,700 hogs. Waste from the hog barns flows
into a two-stage waste treatment lagoon. The first stage of the treatment lagoon
is one of only six covered swine waste lagoons in North Carolina. This project
is anticipated to generate 5,000 MBTUs of energy annually.


USDA Announces Support To Improve Electric Infrastructure And Services In Rural
Communities

   Apr 28, 2010

   The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) has announced that rural communities
in 21 states will benefit from its guaranteed loans to improve electric service
delivery to more than 33,000 customers. The rural utilities service electric
program at the USDA Rural Development will provide the funding. The loans will
help build more than 2,405 miles of new distribution lines and upgrade more than
1,822 miles of existing distribution lines.The investments are part of the Obama
administration's commitment to bring improved infrastructure to rural
communities. The loan guarantees announced total $364.3 million and are part of
USDA Rural Development's annual budgetthey are not funded through the American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.Tom Vilsack, secretary of the USDA, said:
"The Obama administration believes that modernized infrastructure is a necessary
part of the foundation for long term economic stability and prosperity in rural
America and this funding will help rural utilities build and upgrade essential
electric infrastructure to help communities thrive. These investments will
improve local service, create jobs and expand economic opportunity in rural
areas." For example, the Navajo Tribal Utility Authority in Fort Defiance,
Arizona, has been selected to receive a $103.1 million loan guarantee to build
600 miles of new distribution lines, 37 miles of transmission lines and make
improvements to 153 miles of existing distribution lines. These investments will
serve 4,982 new and current customers in Arizona, New Mexico and Utah. The Dixie
Electric Power Association in Laurel, Mississippi, has been selected to receive
a $39.7 million loan guarantee to improve electric service delivery to 6,520 new
and current consumers. The utility will use the loan to build 316 miles of
distribution lines and make improvements to 172 miles of existing distribution
lines. Below is the complete list of rural utilities selected to receive a USDA
guaranteed loan. Funding of each loan recipient is contingent upon the recipient
meeting the conditions of the loan agreement. Alabama Clarke-Washington Electric
Membership Corporation - $15,992,000 loan to serve 2,240 new customers, build
114 miles of new distribution lines, and make improvements to 34 miles of
distribution lines. Arizona, New Mexico and Utah Navajo Tribal Utility Authority
- $103,128,000 loan to serve 4,982 new and existing customers, build 600 miles
of new distribution lines and 37 miles of transmission lines, make improvements
to 153 miles of distribution lines and make other system improvements. Georgia
The Little Ocmulgee Electric Membership Corporation - $9,500,000 loan to service
1,782 new customers, build 111 miles of new distribution lines, and improve 263
miles of existing distribution line. Southern Rivers Energy, Inc. - $16,400,000
loan to serve 1,822 new customers, build 168 miles of new distribution lines,
and upgrade 291 miles of existing distribution lines. Iowa Chariton Valley
Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $7,568,000 loan to serve 320 new customers, build
30 miles of new distribution lines and make improvements to 41 miles of existing
distribution lines. Kansas The Sedgwick County Electric Cooperative Association,
Inc. - $6,715,000 guaranteed loan to serve 832 new and existing customers, build
66 miles of new distribution lines and make system improvements to 36 miles of
existing distribution line. Kentucky Jackson Purchase Energy Corporation -
$26,753,000 guaranteed loan to serve $1,474 new and existing consumers, build 83
miles of new distribution lines, and make system improvements to 25 miles of
existing distribution lines. Michigan The Ontonagon County Rural Electrification
Association - $5,000,000 loan to serve 321 customers, build 25 miles of new
distribution lines and improve 50 miles of existing distribution lines.
Minnesota PKM Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $6,250,000 guaranteed loan to serve
149 new customers, build 29 miles of distribution lines and make improvements to
60 miles of existing distribution line. Mississippi Dixie Electric Power
Association - $39,688,000 guaranteed loan to serve 6,520 customers, build 316
miles of distribution lines and make improvements to 172 miles of existing
distribution lines. Missouri New-Mac Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $16,000,000
guaranteed loan to serve 1, 357 customers, build 95 miles of distribution lines
and make improvements to 46 miles of existing distribution lines. Montana, South
Dakota, and Wyoming Southeast Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $3,486,000 guaranteed
loan to serve 72 new customers, build 31 miles of distribution lines, and
upgrade 1 mile of existing distribution line. North Carolina Four County
Electric Membership Corporation - $45,000,000 guaranteed loan to serve 4,265
customers, build 139 miles of distribution lines, 14 miles of transmission lines
and improve 63 miles of distribution and 22 miles of transmission lines. North
Dakota Roughrider Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $4,000,000 loan to build 18 miles
of new distribution, make improvements to 64 miles of distribution lines that
service 205 new customers. South Dakota Lake Region Electric Association, Inc. -
$4,317,000 loan to build 31 miles of new distribution lines and make
improvements to 34 more lines. The project will serve 228 new and current
customers. Kingsbury Electric Cooperative, Inc. - $1,045,000 loan to build 14
miles of new distribution lines and make improvements to 22 and make other
system improvements. The project will serve 64 new customers. Tennessee and
Kentucky Cumberland Electric Membership Corporation - $20,000,000 loan to
provide service to 4,000 new customers and make improvements to 258 miles of
distribution lines. Virginia and West Virginia Shenandoah Valley Electric
Cooperative - $25,000,000 loan to serve 1,977 new customers by building 191
miles of new distribution lines, three miles of transmission lines and make
improvements to 127 miles of distribution lines. Washington Mason County Public
Utility District No 1 - $8,555,000 loan to service 420 new customers, build 14
miles of new distribution lines, two miles of transmission lines and make
improvements to four miles of distribution lines.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017


                              987 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           October 21, 2015 Wednesday

Sustainable Cashmere: linking sustainable herding practices to a better added
value for agro-products

LENGTH: 177  words


Domain : Development - Non state actors and local authorities Co-financing (PVD)

EU Contracted Amount : 450 000.00
Sector : Rural development
Benefitting Zone : Mongolia
Nature : Action Grants
Total Cost (  ): 640 300.84
Description : The overall objective of the proposed action is to promote an
inclusive and empowered rural society by building the capacity of local
Livestock Producers Federations and Livestock Producers Cooperatives to reduce
poverty and contribute to sustainable development in 2 soums of Bayankhongor
Aimag (Gobi area).


Project completion date : 2016-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : GRONOMES ET VETERINAIRES SANS FRONTIERES (GRONOMES
VETERINARY AND WITHOUT BORDERS)

Address : 45 bis, Avenue de la Belle Gabrielle
94736 Nogent-sur-Marne Cedex

Country :France
Email : avsf@avsf.org

Url : https://www.avsf.org /

Financier : European Union (EU),

Financier address : European Commission
Directorate General for International Cooperation and Development
Rue de la Loi 41
B-1049 Brussels
Belgium
Tel :+32 2 299 11 11
Website : http://ec.europa.eu/

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Hoeven Announces More Than $560K in USDA Rural Development Grants to North
Dakota

LENGTH: 364  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Hoeven, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Senator John Hoeven today announced that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) is awarding more than $560,000 in rural development grants to seven North
Dakota organizations. The funds are made available through USDA's Rural Business
Enterprise Grant and Rural Business Opportunity Grant programs which were
extended in the 2014 farm bill.

"The new period of growth we're experiencing across North Dakota also means we
have a greater demand for vital services in our rural communities," said Hoeven.
"We have been working hard to support growth in our rural communities, and these
USDA funds will help communities work on individualized projects, such as
developing worker training programs and childcare centers, that will support the
continued health and prosperity of residents."

The grants are awarded as follows:

o $139,204 to Strom Center at Dickinson State University to conduct a
feasibility study on a new innovation lab and provide training to rural
entrepreneurs

o $99,970 to Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa to provide training to rural
entrepreneurs

o $90,000 to Artspace Projects, Inc. for Native American entrepreneurs in
Rolette County

o $85,000 to Rural Economic Area Partnership Investment Fund, Inc. to explore
the feasibility of a car ferry to cross Lake Sakakawea

o $60,000 to REAP Investment Fund, Inc. to establish a cooperative for childcare
in Rolette and Hettinger

o $50,000 to Bowman County Jobs Development, Inc. to open a retail business in
Bowman

o $41,849 to Prairie West Development Foundation for a business in Beach

As a member of the U.S. Senate Agriculture and Appropriations Committees, Hoeven
continues working to support rural development programs, which promote
infrastructure investment in and help grow North Dakota's rural communities. The
senator also served on the Senate-House Conference Committee that negotiated the
final version of the new five-year farm bill which reauthorized and strengthened
programs in support of rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 19, 2015 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA) for the Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program for Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 3063  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Business-Cooperative Service Notice of Funds
Availability (NOFA) for the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program for
Fiscal Year 2015 AGENCY: Rural Business-Cooperative Service, USDA. ACTION:
Notice. -----------------------------------------------------------------------
SUMMARY: This Notice is to invite applications for loans and grants under the
Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program (RMAP) pursuant to 7 CFR part 4280,
subpart D, for fiscal year (FY) 2015. Funding to support $14.190 million in
loans and $2.086 million in grants is currently available. The RMAP funds were
provided through the Agricultural Act of 2014, Public Law 113-79, on February 7,
2014 (2014 Farm Bill). RMAP provides the following types of support: loan only,
combination loan and technical assistance grant, and subsequent technical
assistance grants to Microenterprise Development Organizations (MDO). All
applicants are responsible for any expenses incurred in developing their
applications or costs incurred prior to the obligation date. DATES: Applicants
may apply during a Federal fiscal quarter to be considered for the next
quarter's funding. Complete applications for loan only, and combination loan and
grant, must be received in the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development State Offices no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last day
prior to the beginning of each Federal fiscal quarter to be considered for
funding. Applications received after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be
reviewed and evaluated for funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.
Applications that have not competed for four consecutive quarters, depending on
funding availability, may be considered in FY 2016. The subsequent microlender
technical assistance grant (existing MDOs with a microentrepenuer revolving loan
fund) will be made, non- competitively, based on the microlender's microlending
activity and availability of funds. To determine the microlender technical
assistance grant awards for FY 2015, the Agency will use the microlender's
outstanding balance of microloans as of June 30, 2015, to calculate this amount.
MDOs that are eligible for an annual grant may apply. ADDRESSES: Applications
and forms may be obtained from any Rural Development State Office or online at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural
-microentrepreneur-assistance-program. Applicants must submit an original
complete application to the USDA Rural Development State Office in the State
where the applicant's headquarters is located. A list of the USDA Rural
Development State Offices addresses and telephone numbers can be found online at
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/StateOfficeAddresses.html. [[Page 35300]] FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: Specialty Programs Division, Rural Business-Cooperative
Service, United States Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
MS 3226, Room 4204-South, Washington, DC 20250-3226, or call Kathleen Goldsmith
at 202-720-1400. Overview Solicitation Opportunity Title: Rural
Microentrepreneur Assistance Program. Announcement Type: Initial Announcement.
Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number (CFDA): 10.870. Dates: Applicants
may apply during a Federal fiscal quarter to be considered for the next
quarter's funding. Complete applications for loan only, combination loan and
grant, and technical assistance grant- only must be received in the USDA Rural
Development State Offices no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on the last day
prior to the beginning of each Federal fiscal quarter to be considered for
funding. Applications received after a Federal fiscal quarter deadline will be
reviewed and evaluated for funding in the next Federal fiscal quarter.
Applications that have not competed for four consecutive quarters, depending on
funding availability, may be considered in FY 2016. Subsequent microlender
annual technical assistance grants are non- competitive. The Agency has
established June 30 of each year as the date to determine the grant amount using
the MDO's outstanding balance of microloans as of that date. I. Funding
Opportunity Description A. Purpose of the Program. The purpose of RMAP is to
support the development and ongoing success of rural microentrepreneurs and
microenterprises defined in 7 CFR 4280.302. B. Statutory Authority. RMAP is
authorized by Section 379E of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7
U.S.C. 2008s). Regulations are contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D.
Assistance provided to rural areas under this program may include the provision
of loans and grants to rural MDOs for the provision of microloans to rural
microenterprises and microentrepreneurs; provision of business-based training
and technical assistance to rural microborrowers and potential microborrowers;
and other such activities as deemed appropriate by the Secretary to ensure the
development and ongoing success of rural microenterprises. Awards are made on a
competitive basis using specific selection criteria contained in 7 CFR part
4280, subpart D. Information required to be in the application is specified in 7
CFR 4280.315. For entities applying for program loan funds to become an RMAP
microlender only, the following items are required: (1) Form RD 1910- 11,
``Certification of No Federal Debt;'' (2) Demonstration that the applicant is
eligible to apply to participate in this program; (3) Certification by the
applicant that it cannot obtain sufficient credit elsewhere to fund the
activities called for under this program with similar rates and terms; and (4)
Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement.'' Subsequent annual microlender technical
assistance grants are subject to funding availability, in accordance with 7 CFR
4280.313(b)(2). Awards will be determined non-competitively based on Agency
appropriations for the fiscal year. The MDO must submit a prescribed worksheet,
listing the outstanding balance of their microloans and unexpended grant funds
as of the date of their request and a letter certifying that their organization
still meets all the requirements set forth in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D, and
that no significant changes have occurred within the last year that would affect
its ability to carry out the MDO functions. In addition, all MDOs who request
Subsequent Annual Microlender Technical Assistance Grants must complete their
reporting into the Lenders Interactive Network Connection (LINC) for the Federal
fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2015. The deadline for reporting into LINC and
requesting a TA grant is no later than 4:30 p.m. (local time) on July 31, 2015.
C. Definition of Terms. The definitions applicable to this Notice are published
at 7 CFR 4280.302. D. Application Awards. The Agency will review, evaluate, and
score applications received in response to this Notice based on the provisions
found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D, and as indicated in this Notice. However,
the Agency advises all interested parties that the applicant bears the burden in
preparing and submitting an application in response to this Notice whether or
not funding is appropriated for this program in FY 2015. II. Award Information
Type of Awards: Loans and/or Grants. Fiscal Year Funds: FY 2015. Available
Funds. Anyone interested in submitting an application for funding under this
program is encouraged to consult the Rural Development Web Newsroom Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas for
funding information. Funds will be prioritized as follows: (1) Combination loan
and grants; (2) loan only; and (3) subsequent microlender technical assistance
grants. Total Funds: $16,276,000. Loans: $14,190,000. MDO Grants: $2,086,000.
Maximum Award: The minimum loan amount Microenterprise Development Organizations
(MDO) may borrow under this program is $50,000. The maximum loan any MDO may
borrow in any given year is $500,000. The commitment of program dollars will be
made to applicants of selected responses that have fulfilled the necessary
requirements for obligation. If the applicant is applying for an initial loan,
they may also apply for a technical assistance grant. Grant funds are limited to
no more than 25 percent up to the first $400,000 of the loan request (or
$100,000). Loan requests of greater than $400,000 are eligible to receive
$100,000, plus 5 percent of the amount over $400,000. The maximum subsequent
technical assistance grant (to MDOs that have an existing microentrepeneur
revolving loan fund) amount for a microlender is 25 percent of the first
$400,000 of outstanding microloans owed to the microlender under this program,
plus an additional 5 percent of the outstanding loan amount owed by the
microborrowers to the lender under this program over $400,000 up to and
including $2.5 million. Any grant dollars obligated, but not spent, from the
initial grant, will be subtracted from the subsequent year grant to ensure that
obligations cover only microloans made and active. Application Dates: The last
day of each Federal fiscal quarter. III. Eligibility Information A. Eligible
Applicants. To be eligible for this program, the applicant must meet the
eligibility requirements in 7 CFR 4280.310. In addition to the requirements in 7
CFR 4280.310, applicants must not be delinquent on any Federal debt or otherwise
disqualified from participation in this program to be eligible to apply. All
other restrictions in this Notice will apply. B. Cost Sharing or Matching. The
Federal share of the eligible project cost of a microborrower's project funded
under this Notice shall not exceed 75 percent. The cost share requirement shall
be met by the microlender in accordance with the requirements specified in 7 CFR
4280.311(d). The MDO is required to provide a match of not less than 15 percent
of the [[Page 35301]] total amount of the grant in the form of matching funds,
indirect costs, or in-kind goods or services. C. Other Eligibility Requirements.
Applications will only be accepted from eligible MDOs. Eligible MDOs must score
a minimum of 70 points out of 100 points to be considered to receive an award.
Awards for each Federal fiscal quarter will be based on ranking with the highest
ranking applications being funded first, subject to available funding. D.
Completeness Eligibility. All applications must be submitted as a complete
application, in one package. Applications will not be considered for funding if
they do not provide sufficient information to determine eligibility or are
unbound, falling apart, or otherwise not suitable for evaluation. Such
applications will be withdrawn. IV. Fiscal Year 2015 Application and Submission
Information A. Address to Request Application Package: For further information,
entities wishing to apply for assistance should contact the Rural Development
State Office as identified in the ADDRESSES section of this Notice to obtain
copies of the application package. An MDO may submit an initial application for
a loan with a microlender technical assistance grant, or an initial or
subsequent loan-only (without a microlender technical assistance grant). Loan
applications must be submitted in paper format and must be bound in a 3-ring
binder and be organized in the same order set forth in 7 CFR 4280.315. To ensure
timely delivery, applicants are strongly encouraged to submit their applications
using an overnight, express, or parcel delivery service. B. Content and Form of
Submission: An application must contain all of the required elements outlined in
7 CFR 4280.315. Each application must address the applicable scoring criteria
presented in 7 CFR 4280.316 for the type of funding being requested. C.
Submission Dates and Times: The original complete application must be received
by the USDA Rural Development State Office no later than 4:30 p.m. local time by
the application deadline dates listed above, regardless of the postmark date, in
order to be considered for funds available in that Federal fiscal quarter.
Unless withdrawn by the applicant, completed applications that receive a score
of at least 70 (the minimum required to be considered for funding), but have not
yet been funded, will be retained by the Agency for consideration in subsequent
reviews through a total of four consecutive quarterly reviews. Applications that
remain unfunded after four quarterly reviews, including the initial quarter in
which the application was competed, will not be considered further for an award.
D. Explanation of Dates: Applications must be in the USDA Rural Development
State Office by the dates as indicated in the DATES section of this Notice. V.
Application Review Information A. Criteria. All eligible and complete
applications will be evaluated and scored based on the selection criteria and
weights contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D. Failure to address any one of
the criteria by the application deadline will result in the application being
determined ineligible and the application will not be considered for funding. An
application must receive at least 70 points to be considered for funding in the
quarter in which it is scored. B. Review and Selection Process. The State
Offices will review applications to determine if they are eligible for
assistance based on requirements contained in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D. If
determined eligible, the application will be submitted to the National Office,
where it will be reviewed and prioritized by ranking each application, received
in that quarter, in highest to lowest score order. All applications will be
funded until funds have been exhausted for each funding cycle. Funding of
projects is subject to the MDO's satisfactory submission of the additional items
required by that subpart and the USDA Rural Development Letter of Conditions.
VI. Award Administration Information A. Award Notices. Successful applicants
will receive notification for funding from the USDA Rural Development State
Office. Applicants must comply with all applicable statutes and regulations
before the award will be approved. Provided the application and eligibility
requirements have not changed, an application not selected will be reconsidered
for three subsequent funding competitions for a total of four competitions. If
an application is withdrawn, it can be resubmitted and will be evaluated as a
new application. Unsuccessful applications will receive notification by mail,
detailing why the application was unsuccessful. B. Administrative and National
Policy Requirements. Additional requirements that apply to MDO's selected for
this program can be found in 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D. The USDA and the Agency
have adopted the USDA grant regulations at 2 CFR chapter IV. This regulation
incorporates the new Office of Management and Budget (OMB) regulations 2 CFR 200
and 2 CFR 400.1 to 400.18 for monitoring and servicing RMAP funding. C.
Reporting. In addition to any reports required by 2 CFR 200 and 2 CFR 400.1 to
400.18, the MDO must provide reports as required by 7 CFR part 4280, subpart D.
VII. Agency Contacts For general questions about this Notice, please contact
your USDA Rural Development State Office as provided in the ADDRESSES section of
this Notice. VIII. Paperwork Reduction Act In accordance with the Paperwork
Reduction Act of 1995, the information collection requirements associated with
the Rural Microentrepenuer Assistance Program, as covered in this Notice, has
been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control
Number 0570-0062. IX. Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act All
applicants, in accordance with 2 CFR part 25, must have a Dun and Bradstreet
Data Universal Number System (DUNS) number, which can be obtained at no cost via
a toll-free request line at (866) 705-5711 or online at
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform. Similarly, all applicants for grants must be
registered in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to submitting an
application. Applicants may register for the SAM at http://www.sam.gov. All
recipients of Federal financial assistance are required to report information
about first-tier sub-awards and executive total compensation in accordance with
2 CFR part 170. X. Nondiscrimination Statement The U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its customers, employees,
and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color, national origin, age,
disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable,
political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status, sexual
orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived from any public
assistance program, or protected genetic information in employment or in any
program or activity conducted or funded by the Department. (Not all prohibited
bases will apply to all programs and/or employment activities.) [[Page 35302]]
If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632- 9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442, or email at program.intake@usda.gov Individuals who are deaf,
hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and who wish to file either an EEO
or program complaint, please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at
(800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish). Persons with disabilities, who
wish to file a program complaint, please see information above on how to contact
us by mail directly or by email. If you require alternative means of
communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape,
etc.), please contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Dated: June 10, 2015. Lillian E. Salerno, Administrator, Rural Business-
Cooperative Service. [FR Doc. 2015-15193 Filed 6-18-15; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE
3410-XY-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              990 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2014 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                            GlobalData - Investments

                               September 29, 2014

                    Midwest Electric Cooperative Corporation

                       104 Washington Avenue, PO Box 970
                                Grant,  NE 69140
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * INVESTMENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Midwest Electric Compaletes Project Financing Of US$7 Million For Transmission
And Distribution Line Project

   8/22/2008 12:00:00 AM

   Midwest Electric Cooperative Corporation, is a power generation company
engaged in providing high quality and reliable supply of electricity at an
affordable price, completed project financing of $7 million, for the
construction and development of distribution and transmission lines project
located in the areas of Ohio, United States. The financing for the project was
provided by United States Department Of Agriculture under rural development's
utilities programs. The financing will benefit 4,200 miles of distribution and
transmission lines for almost 40,000 rural electric cooperative consumers under
the programs.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Investments                             Key Operational Employees
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014


                              991 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Rural Development Loan Servicing

LENGTH: 2685  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Direct Final Rule.
Summary

The Rural Business-Cooperative Service is amending its regulations for Debt
Settlement. This amendment would allow the Rural Business Service's (referred to
as Agency throughout the remainder of the text) Administrator to use the
statutory authority that has been delegated to him/her in accordance with title
331(b)(4) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (CONACT), but is
currently not being used for all of RBS's revolving loan programs, which
include: The Intermediary Relending Program (IRP) loans, Rural Development Loan
Fund (RDLF) loans, and the Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance Program
(RMAP)loans. This regulation will allow the RBS to be consistent across all of
its loan programs; all of RBS's other loan programs have regulations in place to
settle debt.

This Direct Final Rule is intended to authorize the Agency to use its
independent debt settlement authority under CONACT. Nothing in this Direct Final
Rule is intended to affect the requirements of the Agency to follow other
applicable Federal debt collection law such as the Debt Collection Improvement
Act of 1996, as amended. Further nothing in this Direct Final Rule is intended
to alter any requirements the Agency must follow when making collection
referrals to the Department of Justice or the Treasury Department.
Unified Agenda
Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs

2 actions from March 2015 to March 2015

March 2015
        NPRM
    March 2015
        Direct Final Rule


Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Executive Order 12866, Classification
    Programs Affected
    Environmental Impact Statement
    Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Consultation
    Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice
    Executive Order 13132, Federalism
    Regulatory Flexibility Act Certification
    Unfunded Mandate Reform Act
    Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments
    Paperwork Reduction Act
    E-Government Act Compliance
    I. Background
    II. Discussion of Changes
    List of Subjects
    CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE,
RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE
    PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS
    Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing
    PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT
    Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs

DATES: Back to Top

This rule is effective May 18, 2015. Comments on this direct final rule must be
received on or before April 13, 2015 to be assured of consideration.

If RBS receives adverse comment(s) on all or a distinct portion of this rule, we
will publish a timely withdrawal in the Federal Register informing the public
that some of this rule or the entire direct final rule will not take effect. The
rule provisions that are not withdrawn will become effective on the date set out
above, notwithstanding adverse comments on any other provision, unless we
determine that it would not be appropriate to promulgate those provisions.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may submit comments to this direct final rule by any of the following
methods:

Federal eRulemaking Portal: http://www.regulations.gov. Follow the instructions
for submitting comments.
    Mail: Submit written comments via the U.S. Postal Service to the Branch
Chief, Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, STOP 0742, 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor, Washington, DC 20024.
    Hand Delivery/Courier: Submit written comments via Federal Express Mail, or
other courier service requiring a street address, to the Branch Chief,
Regulations and Paperwork Management Branch, U.S. Department of Agriculture. All
written comments will be available for public inspection during regular work
hours at the 300 7th Street SW., 7th Floor address listed above.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Melvin Padgett, Rural Development, Business Programs, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Stop 3226, Washington, DC 20250-3225;
email: melvin.padgett@wdc.usda.gov; telephone: (202) 720-1495.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Executive Order 12866, Classification Back to Top

This rule has been determined to be significant for purposes of Executive Order
12866 and has been reviewed by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). The
Executive Order defines a "significant regulatory action" as one that is likely
to result in a rule that may: (1) Have an annual effect on the economy of $100
million or more or adversely affect, in a material way, the economy, a sector of
the economy, productivity, competition, jobs, the environment, public health or
safety, or State, local, or Tribal Governments or communities; (2) Create a
serious inconsistency or otherwise interfere with an action taken or planned by
another agency; (3) Materially alter the budgetary impact of entitlements,
grants, user fees, or loan programs or the rights and obligations of recipients
thereof; or (4) Raise novel legal or policy issues arising out of legal
mandates, the President's priorities, or the principles set forth in this
Executive Order.

The Agency conducted a benefit-cost analysis to fulfill the requirements of EO
12866. This rule will not impose any new costs for the public (customers,
applicants, borrowers, grantees, recipients and/or beneficiaries) of Rural
Development's loan programs. This direct final rule permits the debt settlement
policy to be uniform and consistent for all programs and will allow the Rural
Development to process eligible debt settlement cases in a prompt and efficient
manner.
Programs Affected Back to Top

The Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Program number assigned to the IRP is
10.767.
Environmental Impact Statement Back to Top

This document has been reviewed in accordance with 7 CFR, part 1940, subpart G,
"Environmental Program." Rural Development has determined that this action does
not constitute a major Federal action significantly affecting the quality of the
human environment and, in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act
(NEPA) of 1969, 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq., an Environmental Impact Statement is not
required.
Executive Order 12372, Intergovernmental Consultation Back to Top

The program is subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which
requires intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.
Consultation will be completed at the time of the action performed.
Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Back to Top

This rule has been reviewed under Executive Order 12988, Civil Justice Reform.
The Agency has determined that this rule meets the applicable standards provided
in § 3 of the Executive Order. Additionally, (1) all State and local laws and
regulations that are in conflict with this rule will be preempted; (2) no
retroactive effect will be given to the rule; and (3) administrative appeal
procedures, if any, must be exhausted before litigation against the Department
or its agencies may be initiated, in accordance with the regulations of the
National Appeals Division of USDA at 7 CFR part 11.
Executive Order 13132, Federalism Back to Top

The policies contained in this rule do not have any substantial direct effect on
States, on the relationship between the National Government and the States, or
on the distribution of power and responsibilities among the various levels of
government. Nor does this rule impose substantial direct compliance costs on
State and local governments. Therefore, consultation with States is not
required.
Regulatory Flexibility Act Certification Back to Top

Under section 605(b) of the Regulatory Flexibility Act, 5 U.S.C. 605(b), the
Agency certifies that this rule will not have a significant economic impact on a
substantial number of small entities. The Agency made this determination based
on the fact that this regulation only impacts those who choose to participate in
the program. Small entity applicants will not be impacted to a greater extent
than large entity applicants.
Unfunded Mandate Reform Act Back to Top

This rule contains no Federal mandates (under the regulatory provisions of Title
II of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995) for State, local, and Tribal
Governments or the private sector. Thus, this rule is not subject to the
requirements of § s 202 and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995.
Executive Order 13175, Consultation and Coordination With Indian Tribal
Governments Back to Top

This executive order imposes requirements on Rural Development (RD) in the
development of regulatory policies that have tribal implications or preempt
tribal laws. RD has determined that this rule does not have a substantial direct
effect on one or more Indian tribe(s) or on either the relationship or the
distribution of powers and responsibilities between the Federal Government and
Indian tribes. Thus, this rule is not subject to the requirements of Executive
Order 13175. If a tribe determines that this rule has implications of which RD
is not aware and would like to engage with RD on this rule, please contact RD's
Native American Coordinator at (720) 544-2911 or AIAN@wdc.usda.gov
Paperwork Reduction Act Back to Top

This rule contains no new reporting or recordkeeping requirements that would
require approval under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (44 U.S.C. Chapter
35).
E-Government Act Compliance Back to Top

Rural Development is committed to complying with the E-Government Act, to
promote the use of the Internet and other information technologies, to provide
increased opportunities for citizens to access Government information and
services electronically.
I. Background Back to Top

The process of debt settlement is a time consuming process. Before a borrower in
default can settle their indebtedness to the Agency, current regulations require
four levels of review: The local/area office, the State Office, the National
Office, and finally a United States Department of Justice (DOJ) review. This
review process results in loans that are eligible for debt settlement, to
continue to sit on the books much longer than necessary, incurring interest, and
decreasing the likelihood that a borrower will exist to collect recoveries once
the loan is finally sent to the Department of the Treasury.

The Agency has shown, through its use of the settlement authority in 7 U.S.C.
1981(b)(4) in its other loan programs, that it can judiciously and reasonably
administer that authority on its own without the need for additional levels of
review.

By revising its regulations governing the review process for debt settlement,
the Agency will be able to process debt settlement claims in a more uniform,
prompt, and efficient manner.
II. Discussion of Changes Back to Top

The Agency is proposing to modify several paragraphs in 7 CFR part 1951, subpart
R and in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C in order to allow the aforementioned loans
to be settled under Agency policies and procedures for debt settlement as found
in 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C, and to remove the requirement to send settlements
to DOJ, allowing us to use the Federal Claims Collection Standards (31 CFR parts
900-904). This will permit the Agency to quickly and efficiently dispose of debt
settlements. The specific changes are summarized below:

1. The Agency is proposing to modify § 1951.851(a) by adding a sentence to
indicate that all debt settlement cases submitted under 7 CFR part 1951, subpart
R, will be handled in accordance with 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C. The Agency is
adding reference to the RMAP in the first sentence to indicate its inclusion.

2. The Agency is proposing to revise § 1951.894 to state that the debt
settlement of all claims, which would now include RMAP, would be handled in
accordance with 7 CFR 1956, subpart C. Specifically, the Agency is replacing the
reference to Federal Claims Collection Standards, 4 CFR parts 101-105, with
reference to "Subpart C of Part 1956 of this Chapter."

3. The Agency is proposing to revise §§ 1956.101 so that debt settlement of RDLF
loans, IRP loans and RMAP loans, will be under 7 CFR part 1956, subpart C (and
will be handled by the Agency's Administrator) rather than under the Federal
Claims Collection Standards as currently provided in the regulation.

4. The Agency is proposing to revise the introductory text to § 1956.147 to
remove reference to RDLF loans and IRP loans. This is a conforming change that
removes these loans from complying with the debt settlement provisions under the
Federal Claims Collection Act.
List of Subjects Back to Top
7 CFR Part 1951

Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development

7 CFR Part 1956

Loan programs--agriculture
    Loan programs--housing and community development

For the reasons set forth in the preamble, chapter XVIII, title 7, of the Code
of Federal Regulations is amended as follows:
begin regulatory text
CHAPTER XVIII--RURAL HOUSING SERVICE, RURAL BUSINESS-COOPERATIVE SERVICE, RURAL
UTILITIES SERVICE, AND FARM SERVICE AGENCY, DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Back to
Top
PART 1951--SERVICING AND COLLECTIONS Back to Top

1.The authority citation for part 1951 is revised to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart R--Rural Development Loan Servicing Back to Top

2.Paragraph (a) of § 1951.851 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1951.851 Introduction.

(a) This subpart contains regulations for servicing or liquidating loans or
other assistance made by the Rural Business-Cooperative Service or its successor
agency under the IRP and the RMAP. All debt settlement cases under this subpart
will be settled in accordance with the debt settlement provisions set forth in 7
CFR part 1956, subpart C. The provisions of this subpart supersede conflicting
provisions of any other subpart.

* * * * *

3.Section 1951.894 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1951.894 Debt settlement.

Debt settlement of all claims will be handled in accordance with subpart C of
part 1956 of this chapter.
PART 1956--DEBT SETTLEMENT Back to Top

4.The authority citation for part 1956 is revised to read as follows:
Authority:

5 U.S.C. 301; and 7 U.S.C. 1989.
Subpart C--Debt Settlement--Community and Business Programs Back to Top

5.Section 1956.101 is revised to read as follows:
§ 1956.101 Purpose.

This subpart delegates authority and prescribes policies and procedures for debt
settlement of Community Facility loans; Association Recreation loans; Rural
Renewal loans; direct Business and Industry loans; Rural Development Loan Fund
loans; Intermediary Relending Program loans; and the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program (RMAP) loans and repayable portions of RMAP grants; and
Shift-in-land-use loans. Settlement of Economic Opportunity Cooperative loans,
Claims Against Third Party Converters, Non-program loans, Rural Business
Enterprise/Television Demonstration Grants, Nonprofit National Corporations
Loans and Grants, and 601 Energy Impact Assistance Grants, is not authorized
under independent statutory authority, and settlement under these programs is
handled pursuant to the Federal Claims Collection Joint Standards, 31 CFR parts
900 through 904, inclusive. In addition, this subpart does not apply to Water
and Waste Programs of the Rural Utilities Service, Watershed loans, and Resource
Conservation and Development loans, which are serviced under part 1782 of this
title.

6.The section heading and introductory text to § 1956.147 are revised to read as
follows:
§ 1956.147 Debt settlement under the Federal Claims Collection Standard.

Unless otherwise provided in this title, loans and claims will be settled in
accordance with the Federal Claims Collection Standards at 31 CFR parts 900
through 904, inclusive.

* * * * *
end regulatory text

Dated: February 27, 2015.

Lisa Mensah,

Under Secretary.

Dated: February 26, 2015.

Michael Scuse,

Under Secretary, Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              992 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Sowetan (South Africa)

                              July 29, 2013 Monday

why farm plan won't take root

BYLINE: Jack Lewis

SECTION: ENVIRONMENTAL ISSUES

LENGTH: 865 words


Government efforts to revive cooperatives will fail

 I THINK about land matters quite a bit, especially now that I'm living on a
smallholding in the Karoo. In 1999, I was invited to make a video showing the
"challenges" of land reform in the Free State.



 Making the video Lefatshe le (This Land) was a revealing experience; almost all
the large farms were already clearly failing. Back then, the government
encouraged people to club together, often in their hundreds, to use their state
housing grants collectively to purchase large farms. Most of these farms failed.

 These groups of poor people were left with no post-settlement support and were
not in a position to succeed with complex cooperative structures.
 The members looked for wage work, making their labour unavailable to the
collective. Many had unrealistic expectations and when these were not met, they
lost interest in the venture.
 The government is now proposing to recapitalise these farms. Sadly, this is
likely to throw good money after bad, unless the problem of ownership is
resolved. To bring them back into production the farms need to be "re-reformed"
into much smaller groups of owners or even single owners, and properly
supported.
 Having allowed agricultural support services to run down after 1994, an almost
dysfunctional Department of Agriculture, Forestry and Fishing (Daff) and its
twin, the Department of Rural Development and Land Reform, now have to rebuild
such services.
 Whether they are able to do so is an open question.
 Touring the Free State in 2011, Daff Minister Tina Joemat-Pettersson announced
that the establishment of successful black commercial farmers was key to land
reform in South Africa.
 I would argue that such an ambition is going to be a slow process, which will
not meet the needs for social justice and redress. Far greater attention should
be given to urban and peri-urban agriculture for livelihoods, food security and
profit. The fostering of a black capitalist farmer class should be a secondary
objective.
 Land reform should also support the 200000 to 300000 smallholder farmers in
South Africa - mainly based in the old homeland areas. The main reason so little
is achieved in this regard is because of the gross inefficiency and lack of
capacity in Daff and the Department of Rural Development and Land Reform.
 Abalimi Bezekhaya, one of the larger of the nongovernmental organisations
fostering urban farming, has been supporting urban, organic micro-farming among
the poor and unemployed in Cape Town since 1982. By growing fresh, organic
vegetables throughout the year, 3000 micro-farmers - 2500 in home gardens and
500 in community gardens - are able to feed their families and create full-time
employment.
 Abalimi has a great model supporting small urban farmers, individuals and
collectives, from a subsistence phase, through a phase in which selling for cash
forms a larger part of production, to full commercial production. It's a model
the department should be supporting and learning from.
 Private ownership and agricultural entrepreneurs are by no means excluded from
this. ZZ2 is one of South Africa's largest tomato producers. It describes itself
as "a farming conglomerate" operating in Limpopo, Western Cape and Eastern Cape.

  ZZ2 produces 160000 tonnes of tomatoes annually. There is no reason why
Abalimi-style organic farmers couldn't take on ZZ2 and supply tomatoes to the
large supermarkets. The advantage of urban agriculture is closeness to markets,
since high transport costs is one of the main obstacles to marketing fresh
produce.
  Abalimi's ambition to graduate urban farmers into commercial production, using
tunnels, drip and other high-tech organic techniques should be supported.
 Urban gardening on underutilised land - municipal land, school grounds, railway
land - should be included in a properly planned and supported urban food
production scheme.
 This field is being ploughed by NGOs but it is ripe for development if given
support. Until we have a committed minister of agriculture able to use available
skills, this will not happen.

 Daff and Rural Development and Land Reform's websites are full of wordy
strategic plans and annual reports, which sound like they have it all covered.
But much of it is highly misleading.
 In May, at its 2013/14 parliamentary budget vote, Daff claimed that it "will
spend over R6-billion on conditional grants to provinces to support 435000
subsistence farmers and 54500 smallholder producers".
 But the Parliamentary Portfolio Committee noted its concerns regarding the
Auditor-General report that the department had spent 99% of its allocated budget
during the 2011/12 financial year while only 51% of its planned targets were
achieved.
 l Lewis did his PhD on the Xhosa heartlands experience of land dispossession.
He is the former director of Community Media Trust, one of GroundUp's two
publishers, This article was published in http://www.groundup.org.za
 A MODEL OF SUCCESS: A stone throw from the bustle of Protea Glen, Soweto, in
the flatland, lies a small scale crop farming operation spread over a few
hactares. Owner Leonard Mosala, 83, works the land with a team of womenPHOTO:
SYDNEY SESHIBEDI

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Sowetan


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              993 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Clovis News Journal (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 18, 2011 Friday

BRIEF: Ag training sessions available

BYLINE: Clovis News Journal, N.M.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 165 words


Feb. 18--The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development is conducting free
training sessions for its Rural Energy for America Program and Value Added
Producer Grant program.

Eligible applicants for REAP include agricultural producers and rural small
businesses. Eligible applicants for VAPG include independent producers, farmers
or rancher cooperatives, agricultural producer groups and majority-controlled
producer-based business ventures.

A session will be held 3-4:30 p.m. Wednesday at the Blue Hole Dive Training and
Conference Center in Santa Rosa, and through March 3 in six other New Mexico
cities.

Information: Kim Giang, 505-761-4953.

To see more of The Clovis News Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.clovis-news-nm.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Clovis News Journal, N.M.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110218-CJ-BRF-Ag-training-sessions-available-20110218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJ


                       Copyright 2011 Clovis News Journal


                              994 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   Irish News

                                 July 27, 2004

GBP 1 million of Peace II money given to farmers;

SECTION:  Pg. 26

LENGTH: 416 words


MORE than GBP 1 million of Peace II funding has been committed to 13 groups of
farmers across Northern Ireland.

The funding is from the second tranche of the Investment in Agricultural
Holdings measure of the EU Programme for Peace and Reconciliation.

The first tranche of applications resulted in funding of more than GBP 600,000
offered to nine farmers groups in October 2003.

Further offers totalling almost GBP 2.5 million are now being processed to 27
farmer groups in the third tranche.

Applications for the fourth and final tranche closed in June and these
applications are currently being assessed through the normal competitive
selection process as required for EU funding.

The Investment in Agricultural Holdings programme has resulted in the delivery
of Peace II funding to groups of farmers for investment on individual farms to
improve quality.

It enables them to improve the quality of their produce (including food safety,
animal welfare and the environment) or to address problems associated with point
source and diffuse pollution of waterways.

Financial support for successful applicants is offered at 40 per cent (45 per
cent for farmers under the age of 40) on a maximum investment of GBP 10,000.

The programme has been very different to previous capital grant schemes since it
is only open to groups of farmers and it requires the group to meet certain
criteria, such as the promotion of reconciliation and mutual understanding.

In addition, the selection process is competitive with only the highest scoring
applications in each tranche securing funding.

Programme manager Gareth Gormley said: "We are pleased with the level of
engagement in this programme considering that the application process is
relatively new to farmers.

"The standard of the applications is very high and while it is regrettable that
any group is unsuccessful, it is a great achievement for those groups who have
successfully secured funding."

The successful groups in tranche two are; Blacksessiagh Farmers Group, Causeway
Dairy Development Group, Down Livestock Group, Finvoy Rural Development Group,
Galoon Countryside Enhancement Ltd, Growers NI Ltd, Inner Glens Farmers Ltd,
Kinawley Farmers Development Ltd, Lough-giel Farmers Development Group Ltd,
North Antrim Cooperative Enterprises Ltd, North Antrim Dairy Farmers Development
Group Ltd, South West Antrim Rural Development Group Ltd. and Trillick and
District Farmers Countryside Group Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2004 The Irish News Limited


                              995 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             June 10, 2008 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

STATE, AG CO-OP PARTNER ON BIOENERGY CROPS

BYLINE: By ANITA WEIER The Capital Times

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 393 words


Members of the Premier Farm Supply Cooperative in Mt. Horeb will partner with
the state Office of Energy Independence to demonstrate production and processing
of bioenergy crops as a substitute for coal.

The cooperative has received a $25,000 grant from the state to develop a
feasibility assessment and business plan for the project and work with
interested farmers to start growing switchgrass.

Wisconsin has an estimated 14.76 million tons of biomass, including forest
wastes, milled lumber, urban waste, biogas from manure and switchgrass, state
officials said..

That would have an energy content equal to 8.12 million metric tons of coal,
said Judy Ziewacz, director of the Office of Energy Independence.

"With coal at $30 per ton, we would generate $244 million in value-added income
to rural landowners if we aggregate biomass and substitute it for coal," she
said.

Wisconsin utilities import about 26 million tons of coal per year.

A major barrier to using biomass for renewable energy production is connecting
production to aggregation to processing, state officials said. By partnering
with the cooperative, the state is exploring solutions to removing those
roadblocks.

The partnership also can help rural landowners understand how to capitalize on
the emergency market for bioenergy corps like grasses and woody biomass.

"Our state's agriculture cooperatives have decades of experience working with
farmers to produce crops and to get them to markets," said Judy Ziewacz,
director of the Office of Energy Independence.

"We move over 26 billion pounds of milk in this state from farm to market
through our dairy cooperatives, and we expect our biomass resources to present a
similar opportunity."

She expects the biomass market to grow significantly over the next two decades.

One acre of biomass can produce electricity for one home per year, officials
said. By 2020, Wisconsin could grow have enough biomass from crops and other
sources to power 1.2 million homes, officials said.

Premier Cooperative, a member-owned agriculture and supply business, is the
oldest cooperative of its kind in the United States.

The Office of Energy Independence was created by Gov. Jim Doyle in April 2007 to
advance renewable and alternative energy policy, lead Wisconsin's bio-based
industry, and serve businesses and citizens interested in renewable energy.

aweier@madison.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: File photo Members of the Premier Farm Supply Cooperative in Mt. Horeb
will help interested farmers grow the bioenergy crop, switchgrass.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              996 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              May 29, 2009 Friday

Kemp Smith lawyer gets rural utilities post

BYLINE: El Paso Times Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 123 words


EL PASO -- Attorney John Padalino, an associate at Kemp Smith, has been
appointed by the Obama administration to be a special assistant at the United
States Department of Agriculture in the Office of the Undersecretary for Rural
Development, Rural Utilities Service.

The service brings utilities such as electricity, water, sewer, storm drainage,
solid waste disposal and telecommunications to rural areas by working with rural
cooperatives, nonprofit associations, public bodies and for-profit utilities.

Padalino will work on programs to expand opportunities for broadband loans and
grants to rural communities and to expand funding opportunities to develop water
and waste facilities. He will begin his work in Washington, D.C., in mid-June.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              997 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Washington: Alexander: $2.4 Million in Federal Grant Funding Will Help Bring
Broadband Service to 4 Tennessee Counties

LENGTH: 300  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Lamar Alexander, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:



 U.S. Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) today said three U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development grants will help "enhance educational
opportunities and economic development" in rural areas of Tennessee by providing
funds to help build high-speed internet infrastructure.





 "These grants are good news for people living in parts of Marion, Morgan,
Grundy and Trousdale counties, who currently don't have access to high-speed
internet. This combined $2.4 million in federal funding will help enhance
educational opportunities and economic development in those rural areas,"
Alexander said. "That means children in Greentown, Palmer Mountain, southern
Morgan County and northern Trousdale County will have access to the same
high-speed internet that students in Knoxville, Nashville, Chattanooga or
Memphis have access to. It will also give businesses one more reason to move to
or expand in those Tennessee communities."



 The USDA approved $850,700 in grant funding to Ben Lomand Rural Telephone
Cooperative to build a broadband network to serve residents on Palmer Mountain
in Grundy County and residents in Greentown in Marion County. It also approved a
separate $850,032 grant for North Central Communications to construct a fiber
optics facility in the northern part of Trousdale County. A third $723,593 grant
will go to Highland Communications to help build a fiber optics facility to
serve residents in southern Morgan County. Upon request, Sen. Alexander sent
letters of support for grants serving Grundy, Marion and Trousdale counties to
USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              998 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Gazeta Mercantil Online (Brazil)

                            June 25, 1998, Thursday

Aneel worries rural cooperatives_

SECTION: National News

LENGTH: 120 words

DATELINE: 06/25/98


Rural electrification cooperatives throughout Brazil are concerned with the
energy distribution concession contracts signed by the National Electric Energy
Agency (Aneel) and the new concessionaires. Some contracts do not grant
exclusivity to concessionaires in the areas where the cooperatives act, but
others are negligent in relation to the problem, as has been happening in Rio de
Janeiro and Mato Grosso do Sul.

The electrical engineer, lawyer and consultant Odilio Ortigoza Lobo, who
provides services for the cooperatives demands that the cooperatives be
recognized by Aneel as providers of public energy distribution services, which
would guarantee their survival. (Gazeta Mercantil) (Jorge Ferreira)

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

LANGUAGE-SPOKEN: PORTUGUESE

ORIG-LANGUAGE: PORTUGUESE

                      Copyright 1998 Gazeta Mercantil Inc.
