
                                1 of 8 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees Program Pages
2309 - 2311 [FR DOC # 2017-00137]

LENGTH: 2485  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Rural Broadband Access Loans
and Loan Guarantees Program AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION:
Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA).
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), announces that it is accepting applications for fiscal year
(FY) 2017 for the Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee program (the
Broadband Program). There will be two application windows for FY 2017. In
addition to announcing the application windows, RUS announces the minimum and
maximum amounts for broadband loans for FY 2017. DATES: Unless otherwise
extended by a notice of funds availability, applications for the first
application window under this NOSA must be submitted from March 1, 2017, through
March 31, 2017, and for the second application window from September 1, 2017,
through September 30, 2017. Applications can only be submitted through the
Agency's online application system during the periods specified above; however,
applicants may begin working on their applications in the online system as
outlined below.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: For further information contact Shawn Arner,
Deputy Assistant Administrator, Loan Originations and Approval Division, Rural
Utilities Service, Room 2844, STOP 1597, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-1597, Telephone: (202) 720-0800, or email:
Shawn.Arner@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: General Information The
Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (the ``Broadband
Program'') is authorized by the Rural Electrification Act (7 U.S.C. 901 et
seq.), as amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79) also referred
to as the 2014 Farm Bill. During FY 2017, loans will be made available for the
construction, improvement, and acquisition of facilities and equipment to
provide service at the broadband lending speed for eligible rural areas.
Applications are subject to the requirements of 7 CFR 1738. Application
Assistance Since the implementation of the requirements of the 2014 Farm Bill,
RUS has held two application windows. After reviewing the applications for
eligibility, RUS has determined that there is considerable misunderstanding of
the revised requirements for the Broadband Program. Under the two previous
windows, once an application was submitted, RUS could not contact an applicant
for additional information and the application had to be evaluated on the
information that was submitted. If incorrect or inadequate information was
submitted or a regulatory requirement was not met, an applicant did not have the
ability to adjust its application and RUS was forced to reject it as incomplete
or inadequate. In order to break with the pattern of wide scale applications
that do not meet the regulation's requirements, RUS will place additional
emphasis on providing assistance to applicants with submitting complete
applications. As a result, RUS will open pre- application periods, in which
National Office staff as well as the General Field Representative assigned to
the project will be able to review the draft application, provide detailed
comments, and identify when an application is not meeting eligibility
requirements for funding. The online application system will allow RUS staff to
assist an applicant with completing every part of an application as it is being
developed. The first pre-application window will open on January 9, 2017, and
application assistance will be available until the application is formally
submitted for consideration by the applicant, but no later than midnight,
Eastern Time, on March 24, 2017. Once the application is formally submitted, RUS
will be unable to provide additional assistance with completing the application
and will begin reviewing the application for conformance with the broadband
regulation with respect to eligibility and technical and financial feasibility.
In addition, once an application is formally submitted through the online
system, the applicant can no longer submit supporting information. For
assistance with an application, please contact Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant
Administrator, Loan Originations and Approval Division, Rural Utilities Service,
Room 2844, STOP 1597, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1597,
Telephone: (202) 720-0800, or email: Shawn.Arner@wdc.usda.gov If an application
is ultimately found to be incomplete or inadequate for funding after it is
formally submitted, a detailed explanation will be provided to the applicant at
least thirty days prior to the opening of the second window of FY 2017 for
formally submitting applications. The second pre-application window will open on
July 1, 2017, and application assistance will be available until the application
is formally submitted for consideration by the applicant, but not later than
midnight, Eastern Time, on September 22, 2017. As with the first pre-application
window, once an application is formally submitted, RUS will be unable to provide
additional assistance with completing the application and will begin reviewing
the application for conformance with the broadband regulation with respect to
eligibility and technical and financial feasibility. In addition, once an
application is formally submitted through the online system, the applicant can
no longer submit supporting information. Please contact Shawn Arner at the above
contact information if you would like assistance with your application. If an
application is ultimately found to be incomplete or inadequate, a detailed
explanation will be provided to the applicant. To further assist in the
preparation of applications, an application guide is available online at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-bill-broadband-loans-loan-guarantees. Application guides may also be
requested from the RUS contact listed in the FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT
section of this notice. [[Page 2310]] Application requirements: All requirements
for submission of an application under the Broadband Program are subject to 7
CFR 1738. Application Materials/Submission: Applications must be submitted
through the Agency's online application system located at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rd-apply. All materials required for
completing an application are included in the online system. Items of Special
Emphasis: The following items have been overlooked or inadequately addressed in
a number of applications received in the last two application cycles. They are
highlighted below to help ensure that future applications do not have the same
deficiencies.  Calculation of Additional Cash Requirement 7 CFR 1738.208:

 Certain applications may need to satisfy an additional cash requirement

 even though they have addressed the equity requirement covered in 7 CFR

 1738.207 (an element of a complete application in accordance with 7 CFR

 1738.202(c)). If an applicant is either a start-up operation or has not

 demonstrated positive cash flow from operations for the two years prior

 to the submission date of the application, then the applicant must

 submit adjusted financial projections in which projected revenues are

 decreased by 50 percent for each year of the five-year forecast period,

 unless revenues are based on documented binding commitments which would

 preclude such a drop. If the adjusted financial projections show an

 inadequate cash balance at the end of any year during the five-year

 forecast period, the amount of cash necessary to eliminate that cash

 insufficiency is the Additional Cash Requirement for the application.

      Equity requirement 7 CFR 1738.207: If an applicant has

 equity at the time of application equal to less than 10 percent of the

 requested loan amount, then the applicant must submit either an

 investor commitment or a commitment to issue a general obligation bond,

 along with a legal opinion demonstrating that the applicant has the

 authority to issue such a bond in an amount sufficient to meet the

 equity requirement (this second option is available to State, Tribal

 and local government applicants only). If an applicant submits more

 than one application, then the equity requirement will be calculated

 based on the sum of the requested loan amounts, as if all applications

 will be successful.

      Market survey (7 CFR 1738.209): If a market survey is

 required, the survey must have been completed within 6 months of the

 application submission date.

      Methodology and Assumptions included with Financial

 Information (7 CFR 1738.211): The narrative explaining the methodology

 and assumptions used to develop the financial projections for the five-

 year forecast period (7 CFR 1738.211(b)(2)) and the adjusted financial

 projections, if applicable (7 CFR 1738.208(a)(2)), must adequately

 address every category in the pro-forma financial statements. This

 narrative should include a discussion of any historical trends or

 anomalies and their impact on the forecast(s). The applicant should not

 only include any calculations or percentage changes in the assumptions

 but also discuss the reasons for choosing any multipliers or percentage

 increases/decreases for the forecast.

      Audited Financial Statements vs. Unaudited Financial

 Statements plus Tax Returns (7 CFR 1738.211(a)(1)-(3)): Audited

 financial statements submitted in compliance with 7 CFR 1738.211(a)(1)-

 (3) must be audited and certified by an independent certified public

 accountant (CPA) and include an opinion, balance sheet, income

 statement, statement of changes in financial position, and notes to the

 financial statements. Compilations or reviews are considered unaudited

 financial statements, even if a CPA was involved in their preparation

 or presentation. If an applicant submits unaudited statements, tax

 returns for the relevant years are also required. Start-up entities

 must provide, at a minimum, an opening balance sheet dated within 30

 days of the final submission of all application material.



 Minimum and Maximum Loan Amounts



     Loans under this authority will not be made for less than $100,000.

 The maximum loan amount that will be considered for FY 2017 is

 $10,000,000.



 Required Definitions for Broadband Program Regulation



     The regulation for the Broadband Program requires that certain

 definitions affecting eligibility be revised and published from time to

 time by the agency in the Federal Register. For the purposes of this

 NOSA, the agency is revising the definition of Broadband Service, such

 that for applications submitted under these two windows, existing

 Broadband Service shall mean the minimum rate-of-data transmission of

 ten megabits downstream and one megabit upstream for both mobile and

 fixed service. With respect to the Broadband Lending Speed, the rate at

 which applicants must propose to offer new broadband service is a

 minimum bandwidth of ten megabits downstream and one megabit upstream

 for mobile service and twenty-five megabits downstream and three

 megabits upstream for fixed service to the customer.



 Priority for Approving Loan Applications



     Applications for FY 2017 will be accepted from March 1, 2017,

 through March 30, 2017, for the first application window and from

 September 1, 2017, through September 30, 2017, for the second

 application window. Although review of applications will start when

 they are submitted for each window, all applications submitted for the

 first application period will be evaluated and ranked together based on

 the percentage of unserved households in the proposed funded service

 area. Likewise, all applications submitted for the second window will

 be evaluated and ranked together based on the percentage of unserved

 households in the proposed funded service area. Subject to available

 funding, eligible applications that propose to serve the highest

 percentage of unserved households will receive funding offers before

 other eligible applications that have been submitted. The amount

 available for each window will be published on the Agency Web page once

 the annual appropriation process has been completed.

     Applications will not be accepted after September 30, 2017, until a

 new funding window has been opened with the publication of an

 additional NOSA in the Federal Register.



 Paperwork Reduction Act



     In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the

 information collection requirements associated with Broadband loans, as

 covered in this NOSA, have been approved by the Office of Management

 and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number 0572-0130.



 USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



     In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of

 Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its

 Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or

 administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on

 race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including

 gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital

 status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political



 [[Page 2311]]



 beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in

 any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases

 apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing deadlines vary by

 program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410;

     (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or

     (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.



     Dated: November 21, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2017-00137 Filed 1-6-17; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                2 of 8 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees Program Pages
2309 - 2311 [FR DOC # 2017-00137]

LENGTH: 2484  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Rural Broadband Access Loans
and Loan Guarantees Program AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION:
Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA).
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), announces that it is accepting applications for fiscal year
(FY) 2017 for the Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee program (the
Broadband Program). There will be two application windows for FY 2017. In
addition to announcing the application windows, RUS announces the minimum and
maximum amounts for broadband loans for FY 2017. DATES: Unless otherwise
extended by a notice of funds availability, applications for the first
application window under this NOSA must be submitted from March 1, 2017, through
March 31, 2017, and for the second application window from September 1, 2017,
through September 30, 2017. Applications can only be submitted through the
Agency's online application system during the periods specified above; however,
applicants may begin working on their applications in the online system as
outlined below.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: For further information contact Shawn Arner,
Deputy Assistant Administrator, Loan Originations and Approval Division, Rural
Utilities Service, Room 2844, STOP 1597, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-1597, Telephone: (202) 720-0800, or email:
Shawn.Arner@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: General Information The
Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (the ``Broadband
Program'') is authorized by the Rural Electrification Act (7 U.S.C. 901 et
seq.), as amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79) also referred
to as the 2014 Farm Bill. During FY 2017, loans will be made available for the
construction, improvement, and acquisition of facilities and equipment to
provide service at the broadband lending speed for eligible rural areas.
Applications are subject to the requirements of 7 CFR 1738. Application
Assistance Since the implementation of the requirements of the 2014 Farm Bill,
RUS has held two application windows. After reviewing the applications for
eligibility, RUS has determined that there is considerable misunderstanding of
the revised requirements for the Broadband Program. Under the two previous
windows, once an application was submitted, RUS could not contact an applicant
for additional information and the application had to be evaluated on the
information that was submitted. If incorrect or inadequate information was
submitted or a regulatory requirement was not met, an applicant did not have the
ability to adjust its application and RUS was forced to reject it as incomplete
or inadequate. In order to break with the pattern of wide scale applications
that do not meet the regulation's requirements, RUS will place additional
emphasis on providing assistance to applicants with submitting complete
applications. As a result, RUS will open pre- application periods, in which
National Office staff as well as the General Field Representative assigned to
the project will be able to review the draft application, provide detailed
comments, and identify when an application is not meeting eligibility
requirements for funding. The online application system will allow RUS staff to
assist an applicant with completing every part of an application as it is being
developed. The first pre-application window will open on January 9, 2017, and
application assistance will be available until the application is formally
submitted for consideration by the applicant, but no later than midnight,
Eastern Time, on March 24, 2017. Once the application is formally submitted, RUS
will be unable to provide additional assistance with completing the application
and will begin reviewing the application for conformance with the broadband
regulation with respect to eligibility and technical and financial feasibility.
In addition, once an application is formally submitted through the online
system, the applicant can no longer submit supporting information. For
assistance with an application, please contact Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant
Administrator, Loan Originations and Approval Division, Rural Utilities Service,
Room 2844, STOP 1597, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1597,
Telephone: (202) 720-0800, or email: Shawn.Arner@wdc.usda.gov If an application
is ultimately found to be incomplete or inadequate for funding after it is
formally submitted, a detailed explanation will be provided to the applicant at
least thirty days prior to the opening of the second window of FY 2017 for
formally submitting applications. The second pre-application window will open on
July 1, 2017, and application assistance will be available until the application
is formally submitted for consideration by the applicant, but not later than
midnight, Eastern Time, on September 22, 2017. As with the first pre-application
window, once an application is formally submitted, RUS will be unable to provide
additional assistance with completing the application and will begin reviewing
the application for conformance with the broadband regulation with respect to
eligibility and technical and financial feasibility. In addition, once an
application is formally submitted through the online system, the applicant can
no longer submit supporting information. Please contact Shawn Arner at the above
contact information if you would like assistance with your application. If an
application is ultimately found to be incomplete or inadequate, a detailed
explanation will be provided to the applicant. To further assist in the
preparation of applications, an application guide is available online at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-bill-broadband-loans-loan-guarantees. Application guides may also be
requested from the RUS contact listed in the FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT
section of this notice. [[Page 2310]] Application requirements: All requirements
for submission of an application under the Broadband Program are subject to 7
CFR 1738. Application Materials/Submission: Applications must be submitted
through the Agency's online application system located at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rd-apply. All materials required for
completing an application are included in the online system. Items of Special
Emphasis: The following items have been overlooked or inadequately addressed in
a number of applications received in the last two application cycles. They are
highlighted below to help ensure that future applications do not have the same
deficiencies.  Calculation of Additional Cash Requirement 7 CFR 1738.208:

 Certain applications may need to satisfy an additional cash requirement

 even though they have addressed the equity requirement covered in 7 CFR

 1738.207 (an element of a complete application in accordance with 7 CFR

 1738.202(c)). If an applicant is either a start-up operation or has not

 demonstrated positive cash flow from operations for the two years prior

 to the submission date of the application, then the applicant must

 submit adjusted financial projections in which projected revenues are

 decreased by 50 percent for each year of the five-year forecast period,

 unless revenues are based on documented binding commitments which would

 preclude such a drop. If the adjusted financial projections show an

 inadequate cash balance at the end of any year during the five-year

 forecast period, the amount of cash necessary to eliminate that cash

 insufficiency is the Additional Cash Requirement for the application.

      Equity requirement 7 CFR 1738.207: If an applicant has

 equity at the time of application equal to less than 10 percent of the

 requested loan amount, then the applicant must submit either an

 investor commitment or a commitment to issue a general obligation bond,

 along with a legal opinion demonstrating that the applicant has the

 authority to issue such a bond in an amount sufficient to meet the

 equity requirement (this second option is available to State, Tribal

 and local government applicants only). If an applicant submits more

 than one application, then the equity requirement will be calculated

 based on the sum of the requested loan amounts, as if all applications

 will be successful.

      Market survey (7 CFR 1738.209): If a market survey is

 required, the survey must have been completed within 6 months of the

 application submission date.

      Methodology and Assumptions included with Financial

 Information (7 CFR 1738.211): The narrative explaining the methodology

 and assumptions used to develop the financial projections for the five-

 year forecast period (7 CFR 1738.211(b)(2)) and the adjusted financial

 projections, if applicable (7 CFR 1738.208(a)(2)), must adequately

 address every category in the pro-forma financial statements. This

 narrative should include a discussion of any historical trends or

 anomalies and their impact on the forecast(s). The applicant should not

 only include any calculations or percentage changes in the assumptions

 but also discuss the reasons for choosing any multipliers or percentage

 increases/decreases for the forecast.

      Audited Financial Statements vs. Unaudited Financial

 Statements plus Tax Returns (7 CFR 1738.211(a)(1)-(3)): Audited

 financial statements submitted in compliance with 7 CFR 1738.211(a)(1)-

 (3) must be audited and certified by an independent certified public

 accountant (CPA) and include an opinion, balance sheet, income

 statement, statement of changes in financial position, and notes to the

 financial statements. Compilations or reviews are considered unaudited

 financial statements, even if a CPA was involved in their preparation

 or presentation. If an applicant submits unaudited statements, tax

 returns for the relevant years are also required. Start-up entities

 must provide, at a minimum, an opening balance sheet dated within 30

 days of the final submission of all application material.



 Minimum and Maximum Loan Amounts



     Loans under this authority will not be made for less than $100,000.

 The maximum loan amount that will be considered for FY 2017 is

 $10,000,000.



 Required Definitions for Broadband Program Regulation



     The regulation for the Broadband Program requires that certain

 definitions affecting eligibility be revised and published from time to

 time by the agency in the Federal Register. For the purposes of this

 NOSA, the agency is revising the definition of Broadband Service, such

 that for applications submitted under these two windows, existing

 Broadband Service shall mean the minimum rate-of-data transmission of

 ten megabits downstream and one megabit upstream for both mobile and

 fixed service. With respect to the Broadband Lending Speed, the rate at

 which applicants must propose to offer new broadband service is a

 minimum bandwidth of ten megabits downstream and one megabit upstream

 for mobile service and twenty-five megabits downstream and three

 megabits upstream for fixed service to the customer.



 Priority for Approving Loan Applications



     Applications for FY 2017 will be accepted from March 1, 2017,

 through March 30, 2017, for the first application window and from

 September 1, 2017, through September 30, 2017, for the second

 application window. Although review of applications will start when

 they are submitted for each window, all applications submitted for the

 first application period will be evaluated and ranked together based on

 the percentage of unserved households in the proposed funded service

 area. Likewise, all applications submitted for the second window will

 be evaluated and ranked together based on the percentage of unserved

 households in the proposed funded service area. Subject to available

 funding, eligible applications that propose to serve the highest

 percentage of unserved households will receive funding offers before

 other eligible applications that have been submitted. The amount

 available for each window will be published on the Agency Web page once

 the annual appropriation process has been completed.

     Applications will not be accepted after September 30, 2017, until a

 new funding window has been opened with the publication of an

 additional NOSA in the Federal Register.



 Paperwork Reduction Act



     In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the

 information collection requirements associated with Broadband loans, as

 covered in this NOSA, have been approved by the Office of Management

 and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number 0572-0130.



 USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



     In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of

 Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its

 Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or

 administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on

 race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including

 gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital

 status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political



 [[Page 2311]]



 beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in

 any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases

 apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing deadlines vary by

 program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410;

     (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or

     (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.



     Dated: November 21, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2017-00137 Filed 1-6-17; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                3 of 8 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees Program Pages
2309 - 2311 [FR DOC # 2017-00137]

LENGTH: 2485  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Rural Broadband Access Loans
and Loan Guarantees Program AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION:
Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA).
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), announces that it is accepting applications for fiscal year
(FY) 2017 for the Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee program (the
Broadband Program). There will be two application windows for FY 2017. In
addition to announcing the application windows, RUS announces the minimum and
maximum amounts for broadband loans for FY 2017. DATES: Unless otherwise
extended by a notice of funds availability, applications for the first
application window under this NOSA must be submitted from March 1, 2017, through
March 31, 2017, and for the second application window from September 1, 2017,
through September 30, 2017. Applications can only be submitted through the
Agency's online application system during the periods specified above; however,
applicants may begin working on their applications in the online system as
outlined below.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: For further information contact Shawn Arner,
Deputy Assistant Administrator, Loan Originations and Approval Division, Rural
Utilities Service, Room 2844, STOP 1597, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-1597, Telephone: (202) 720-0800, or email:
Shawn.Arner@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: General Information The
Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (the ``Broadband
Program'') is authorized by the Rural Electrification Act (7 U.S.C. 901 et
seq.), as amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79) also referred
to as the 2014 Farm Bill. During FY 2017, loans will be made available for the
construction, improvement, and acquisition of facilities and equipment to
provide service at the broadband lending speed for eligible rural areas.
Applications are subject to the requirements of 7 CFR 1738. Application
Assistance Since the implementation of the requirements of the 2014 Farm Bill,
RUS has held two application windows. After reviewing the applications for
eligibility, RUS has determined that there is considerable misunderstanding of
the revised requirements for the Broadband Program. Under the two previous
windows, once an application was submitted, RUS could not contact an applicant
for additional information and the application had to be evaluated on the
information that was submitted. If incorrect or inadequate information was
submitted or a regulatory requirement was not met, an applicant did not have the
ability to adjust its application and RUS was forced to reject it as incomplete
or inadequate. In order to break with the pattern of wide scale applications
that do not meet the regulation's requirements, RUS will place additional
emphasis on providing assistance to applicants with submitting complete
applications. As a result, RUS will open pre- application periods, in which
National Office staff as well as the General Field Representative assigned to
the project will be able to review the draft application, provide detailed
comments, and identify when an application is not meeting eligibility
requirements for funding. The online application system will allow RUS staff to
assist an applicant with completing every part of an application as it is being
developed. The first pre-application window will open on January 9, 2017, and
application assistance will be available until the application is formally
submitted for consideration by the applicant, but no later than midnight,
Eastern Time, on March 24, 2017. Once the application is formally submitted, RUS
will be unable to provide additional assistance with completing the application
and will begin reviewing the application for conformance with the broadband
regulation with respect to eligibility and technical and financial feasibility.
In addition, once an application is formally submitted through the online
system, the applicant can no longer submit supporting information. For
assistance with an application, please contact Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant
Administrator, Loan Originations and Approval Division, Rural Utilities Service,
Room 2844, STOP 1597, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1597,
Telephone: (202) 720-0800, or email: Shawn.Arner@wdc.usda.gov If an application
is ultimately found to be incomplete or inadequate for funding after it is
formally submitted, a detailed explanation will be provided to the applicant at
least thirty days prior to the opening of the second window of FY 2017 for
formally submitting applications. The second pre-application window will open on
July 1, 2017, and application assistance will be available until the application
is formally submitted for consideration by the applicant, but not later than
midnight, Eastern Time, on September 22, 2017. As with the first pre-application
window, once an application is formally submitted, RUS will be unable to provide
additional assistance with completing the application and will begin reviewing
the application for conformance with the broadband regulation with respect to
eligibility and technical and financial feasibility. In addition, once an
application is formally submitted through the online system, the applicant can
no longer submit supporting information. Please contact Shawn Arner at the above
contact information if you would like assistance with your application. If an
application is ultimately found to be incomplete or inadequate, a detailed
explanation will be provided to the applicant. To further assist in the
preparation of applications, an application guide is available online at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-bill-broadband-loans-loan-guarantees. Application guides may also be
requested from the RUS contact listed in the FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT
section of this notice. [[Page 2310]] Application requirements: All requirements
for submission of an application under the Broadband Program are subject to 7
CFR 1738. Application Materials/Submission: Applications must be submitted
through the Agency's online application system located at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rd-apply. All materials required for
completing an application are included in the online system. Items of Special
Emphasis: The following items have been overlooked or inadequately addressed in
a number of applications received in the last two application cycles. They are
highlighted below to help ensure that future applications do not have the same
deficiencies.  Calculation of Additional Cash Requirement 7 CFR 1738.208:

 Certain applications may need to satisfy an additional cash requirement

 even though they have addressed the equity requirement covered in 7 CFR

 1738.207 (an element of a complete application in accordance with 7 CFR

 1738.202(c)). If an applicant is either a start-up operation or has not

 demonstrated positive cash flow from operations for the two years prior

 to the submission date of the application, then the applicant must

 submit adjusted financial projections in which projected revenues are

 decreased by 50 percent for each year of the five-year forecast period,

 unless revenues are based on documented binding commitments which would

 preclude such a drop. If the adjusted financial projections show an

 inadequate cash balance at the end of any year during the five-year

 forecast period, the amount of cash necessary to eliminate that cash

 insufficiency is the Additional Cash Requirement for the application.

      Equity requirement 7 CFR 1738.207: If an applicant has

 equity at the time of application equal to less than 10 percent of the

 requested loan amount, then the applicant must submit either an

 investor commitment or a commitment to issue a general obligation bond,

 along with a legal opinion demonstrating that the applicant has the

 authority to issue such a bond in an amount sufficient to meet the

 equity requirement (this second option is available to State, Tribal

 and local government applicants only). If an applicant submits more

 than one application, then the equity requirement will be calculated

 based on the sum of the requested loan amounts, as if all applications

 will be successful.

      Market survey (7 CFR 1738.209): If a market survey is

 required, the survey must have been completed within 6 months of the

 application submission date.

      Methodology and Assumptions included with Financial

 Information (7 CFR 1738.211): The narrative explaining the methodology

 and assumptions used to develop the financial projections for the five-

 year forecast period (7 CFR 1738.211(b)(2)) and the adjusted financial

 projections, if applicable (7 CFR 1738.208(a)(2)), must adequately

 address every category in the pro-forma financial statements. This

 narrative should include a discussion of any historical trends or

 anomalies and their impact on the forecast(s). The applicant should not

 only include any calculations or percentage changes in the assumptions

 but also discuss the reasons for choosing any multipliers or percentage

 increases/decreases for the forecast.

      Audited Financial Statements vs. Unaudited Financial

 Statements plus Tax Returns (7 CFR 1738.211(a)(1)-(3)): Audited

 financial statements submitted in compliance with 7 CFR 1738.211(a)(1)-

 (3) must be audited and certified by an independent certified public

 accountant (CPA) and include an opinion, balance sheet, income

 statement, statement of changes in financial position, and notes to the

 financial statements. Compilations or reviews are considered unaudited

 financial statements, even if a CPA was involved in their preparation

 or presentation. If an applicant submits unaudited statements, tax

 returns for the relevant years are also required. Start-up entities

 must provide, at a minimum, an opening balance sheet dated within 30

 days of the final submission of all application material.



 Minimum and Maximum Loan Amounts



     Loans under this authority will not be made for less than $100,000.

 The maximum loan amount that will be considered for FY 2017 is

 $10,000,000.



 Required Definitions for Broadband Program Regulation



     The regulation for the Broadband Program requires that certain

 definitions affecting eligibility be revised and published from time to

 time by the agency in the Federal Register. For the purposes of this

 NOSA, the agency is revising the definition of Broadband Service, such

 that for applications submitted under these two windows, existing

 Broadband Service shall mean the minimum rate-of-data transmission of

 ten megabits downstream and one megabit upstream for both mobile and

 fixed service. With respect to the Broadband Lending Speed, the rate at

 which applicants must propose to offer new broadband service is a

 minimum bandwidth of ten megabits downstream and one megabit upstream

 for mobile service and twenty-five megabits downstream and three

 megabits upstream for fixed service to the customer.



 Priority for Approving Loan Applications



     Applications for FY 2017 will be accepted from March 1, 2017,

 through March 30, 2017, for the first application window and from

 September 1, 2017, through September 30, 2017, for the second

 application window. Although review of applications will start when

 they are submitted for each window, all applications submitted for the

 first application period will be evaluated and ranked together based on

 the percentage of unserved households in the proposed funded service

 area. Likewise, all applications submitted for the second window will

 be evaluated and ranked together based on the percentage of unserved

 households in the proposed funded service area. Subject to available

 funding, eligible applications that propose to serve the highest

 percentage of unserved households will receive funding offers before

 other eligible applications that have been submitted. The amount

 available for each window will be published on the Agency Web page once

 the annual appropriation process has been completed.

     Applications will not be accepted after September 30, 2017, until a

 new funding window has been opened with the publication of an

 additional NOSA in the Federal Register.



 Paperwork Reduction Act



     In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the

 information collection requirements associated with Broadband loans, as

 covered in this NOSA, have been approved by the Office of Management

 and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number 0572-0130.



 USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



     In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of

 Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its

 Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or

 administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on

 race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including

 gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital

 status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political



 [[Page 2311]]



 beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in

 any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases

 apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing deadlines vary by

 program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410;

     (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or

     (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.



     Dated: November 21, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2017-00137 Filed 1-6-17; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                4 of 8 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees Program Pages
2309 - 2311 [FR DOC # 2017-00137]

LENGTH: 2484  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Rural Broadband Access Loans
and Loan Guarantees Program AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION:
Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA).
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), announces that it is accepting applications for fiscal year
(FY) 2017 for the Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee program (the
Broadband Program). There will be two application windows for FY 2017. In
addition to announcing the application windows, RUS announces the minimum and
maximum amounts for broadband loans for FY 2017. DATES: Unless otherwise
extended by a notice of funds availability, applications for the first
application window under this NOSA must be submitted from March 1, 2017, through
March 31, 2017, and for the second application window from September 1, 2017,
through September 30, 2017. Applications can only be submitted through the
Agency's online application system during the periods specified above; however,
applicants may begin working on their applications in the online system as
outlined below.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: For further information contact Shawn Arner,
Deputy Assistant Administrator, Loan Originations and Approval Division, Rural
Utilities Service, Room 2844, STOP 1597, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-1597, Telephone: (202) 720-0800, or email:
Shawn.Arner@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: General Information The
Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (the ``Broadband
Program'') is authorized by the Rural Electrification Act (7 U.S.C. 901 et
seq.), as amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79) also referred
to as the 2014 Farm Bill. During FY 2017, loans will be made available for the
construction, improvement, and acquisition of facilities and equipment to
provide service at the broadband lending speed for eligible rural areas.
Applications are subject to the requirements of 7 CFR 1738. Application
Assistance Since the implementation of the requirements of the 2014 Farm Bill,
RUS has held two application windows. After reviewing the applications for
eligibility, RUS has determined that there is considerable misunderstanding of
the revised requirements for the Broadband Program. Under the two previous
windows, once an application was submitted, RUS could not contact an applicant
for additional information and the application had to be evaluated on the
information that was submitted. If incorrect or inadequate information was
submitted or a regulatory requirement was not met, an applicant did not have the
ability to adjust its application and RUS was forced to reject it as incomplete
or inadequate. In order to break with the pattern of wide scale applications
that do not meet the regulation's requirements, RUS will place additional
emphasis on providing assistance to applicants with submitting complete
applications. As a result, RUS will open pre- application periods, in which
National Office staff as well as the General Field Representative assigned to
the project will be able to review the draft application, provide detailed
comments, and identify when an application is not meeting eligibility
requirements for funding. The online application system will allow RUS staff to
assist an applicant with completing every part of an application as it is being
developed. The first pre-application window will open on January 9, 2017, and
application assistance will be available until the application is formally
submitted for consideration by the applicant, but no later than midnight,
Eastern Time, on March 24, 2017. Once the application is formally submitted, RUS
will be unable to provide additional assistance with completing the application
and will begin reviewing the application for conformance with the broadband
regulation with respect to eligibility and technical and financial feasibility.
In addition, once an application is formally submitted through the online
system, the applicant can no longer submit supporting information. For
assistance with an application, please contact Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant
Administrator, Loan Originations and Approval Division, Rural Utilities Service,
Room 2844, STOP 1597, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1597,
Telephone: (202) 720-0800, or email: Shawn.Arner@wdc.usda.gov If an application
is ultimately found to be incomplete or inadequate for funding after it is
formally submitted, a detailed explanation will be provided to the applicant at
least thirty days prior to the opening of the second window of FY 2017 for
formally submitting applications. The second pre-application window will open on
July 1, 2017, and application assistance will be available until the application
is formally submitted for consideration by the applicant, but not later than
midnight, Eastern Time, on September 22, 2017. As with the first pre-application
window, once an application is formally submitted, RUS will be unable to provide
additional assistance with completing the application and will begin reviewing
the application for conformance with the broadband regulation with respect to
eligibility and technical and financial feasibility. In addition, once an
application is formally submitted through the online system, the applicant can
no longer submit supporting information. Please contact Shawn Arner at the above
contact information if you would like assistance with your application. If an
application is ultimately found to be incomplete or inadequate, a detailed
explanation will be provided to the applicant. To further assist in the
preparation of applications, an application guide is available online at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-bill-broadband-loans-loan-guarantees. Application guides may also be
requested from the RUS contact listed in the FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT
section of this notice. [[Page 2310]] Application requirements: All requirements
for submission of an application under the Broadband Program are subject to 7
CFR 1738. Application Materials/Submission: Applications must be submitted
through the Agency's online application system located at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rd-apply. All materials required for
completing an application are included in the online system. Items of Special
Emphasis: The following items have been overlooked or inadequately addressed in
a number of applications received in the last two application cycles. They are
highlighted below to help ensure that future applications do not have the same
deficiencies.  Calculation of Additional Cash Requirement 7 CFR 1738.208:

 Certain applications may need to satisfy an additional cash requirement

 even though they have addressed the equity requirement covered in 7 CFR

 1738.207 (an element of a complete application in accordance with 7 CFR

 1738.202(c)). If an applicant is either a start-up operation or has not

 demonstrated positive cash flow from operations for the two years prior

 to the submission date of the application, then the applicant must

 submit adjusted financial projections in which projected revenues are

 decreased by 50 percent for each year of the five-year forecast period,

 unless revenues are based on documented binding commitments which would

 preclude such a drop. If the adjusted financial projections show an

 inadequate cash balance at the end of any year during the five-year

 forecast period, the amount of cash necessary to eliminate that cash

 insufficiency is the Additional Cash Requirement for the application.

      Equity requirement 7 CFR 1738.207: If an applicant has

 equity at the time of application equal to less than 10 percent of the

 requested loan amount, then the applicant must submit either an

 investor commitment or a commitment to issue a general obligation bond,

 along with a legal opinion demonstrating that the applicant has the

 authority to issue such a bond in an amount sufficient to meet the

 equity requirement (this second option is available to State, Tribal

 and local government applicants only). If an applicant submits more

 than one application, then the equity requirement will be calculated

 based on the sum of the requested loan amounts, as if all applications

 will be successful.

      Market survey (7 CFR 1738.209): If a market survey is

 required, the survey must have been completed within 6 months of the

 application submission date.

      Methodology and Assumptions included with Financial

 Information (7 CFR 1738.211): The narrative explaining the methodology

 and assumptions used to develop the financial projections for the five-

 year forecast period (7 CFR 1738.211(b)(2)) and the adjusted financial

 projections, if applicable (7 CFR 1738.208(a)(2)), must adequately

 address every category in the pro-forma financial statements. This

 narrative should include a discussion of any historical trends or

 anomalies and their impact on the forecast(s). The applicant should not

 only include any calculations or percentage changes in the assumptions

 but also discuss the reasons for choosing any multipliers or percentage

 increases/decreases for the forecast.

      Audited Financial Statements vs. Unaudited Financial

 Statements plus Tax Returns (7 CFR 1738.211(a)(1)-(3)): Audited

 financial statements submitted in compliance with 7 CFR 1738.211(a)(1)-

 (3) must be audited and certified by an independent certified public

 accountant (CPA) and include an opinion, balance sheet, income

 statement, statement of changes in financial position, and notes to the

 financial statements. Compilations or reviews are considered unaudited

 financial statements, even if a CPA was involved in their preparation

 or presentation. If an applicant submits unaudited statements, tax

 returns for the relevant years are also required. Start-up entities

 must provide, at a minimum, an opening balance sheet dated within 30

 days of the final submission of all application material.



 Minimum and Maximum Loan Amounts



     Loans under this authority will not be made for less than $100,000.

 The maximum loan amount that will be considered for FY 2017 is

 $10,000,000.



 Required Definitions for Broadband Program Regulation



     The regulation for the Broadband Program requires that certain

 definitions affecting eligibility be revised and published from time to

 time by the agency in the Federal Register. For the purposes of this

 NOSA, the agency is revising the definition of Broadband Service, such

 that for applications submitted under these two windows, existing

 Broadband Service shall mean the minimum rate-of-data transmission of

 ten megabits downstream and one megabit upstream for both mobile and

 fixed service. With respect to the Broadband Lending Speed, the rate at

 which applicants must propose to offer new broadband service is a

 minimum bandwidth of ten megabits downstream and one megabit upstream

 for mobile service and twenty-five megabits downstream and three

 megabits upstream for fixed service to the customer.



 Priority for Approving Loan Applications



     Applications for FY 2017 will be accepted from March 1, 2017,

 through March 30, 2017, for the first application window and from

 September 1, 2017, through September 30, 2017, for the second

 application window. Although review of applications will start when

 they are submitted for each window, all applications submitted for the

 first application period will be evaluated and ranked together based on

 the percentage of unserved households in the proposed funded service

 area. Likewise, all applications submitted for the second window will

 be evaluated and ranked together based on the percentage of unserved

 households in the proposed funded service area. Subject to available

 funding, eligible applications that propose to serve the highest

 percentage of unserved households will receive funding offers before

 other eligible applications that have been submitted. The amount

 available for each window will be published on the Agency Web page once

 the annual appropriation process has been completed.

     Applications will not be accepted after September 30, 2017, until a

 new funding window has been opened with the publication of an

 additional NOSA in the Federal Register.



 Paperwork Reduction Act



     In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the

 information collection requirements associated with Broadband loans, as

 covered in this NOSA, have been approved by the Office of Management

 and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number 0572-0130.



 USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



     In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of

 Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its

 Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or

 administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on

 race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including

 gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital

 status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political



 [[Page 2311]]



 beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in

 any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases

 apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing deadlines vary by

 program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410;

     (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or

     (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.



     Dated: November 21, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2017-00137 Filed 1-6-17; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                5 of 8 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees Program

LENGTH: 1153  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Rural Broadband Access
Loans and Loan Guarantees Program AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION:
Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA).
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), announces that it is accepting applications for fiscal year
(FY) 2016 for the Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee program (the
Broadband Program). In addition to announcing the application window, RUS
announces the minimum and maximum amounts for broadband loans for FY 2016.
DATES: Applications under this NOSA will be accepted immediately and must be
submitted through the Agency's online application system no later than July 7,
2016 to be eligible for FY 2016 broadband loan funding. Applications are subject
to the requirements of the interim final regulation published in the Federal
Register at Vol.

80, No. 146 on Thursday, July 30, 2015. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: For
further information contact Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Loan
Originations and Approval Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP 1597, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1597, Telephone: (202) 720-0800,
or email: Shawn.Arner@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: General
Information The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (the
Broadband Program) is authorized by the Rural Electrification Act (7 U.S.C. 901
et seq.), as amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79) also
referred to as the 2014 Farm Bill. During FY 2016, loans will be made available
for the construction, improvement, and acquisition of facilities and equipment
to provide service at the broadband lending speed for eligible rural areas.
Applications must be submitted in accordance with the interim final rule
published July 30, 2015. For questions about the requirements of completing an
application please use the RUS contact listed in the FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT section of this notice. Application requirements: All requirements for
submission of an application under the Broadband Program have been set forth in
the interim regulation published July 30, 2015. Application Materials:
Application materials for the Broadband Program are available at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-bill-broadband-loans-loan-guarantees. Application Submission: All
applications must be submitted through the Agency's online application system
located at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rd-apply. Paper applications
will not be accepted. Minimum and Maximum Loan Amounts Loans under this
authority will not be made for less than $100,000. The maximum loan amount that
will be considered for FY 2016 is $10,000,000. Required Definitions for
Broadband Program Regulation The interim regulation for the Broadband Program
requires that certain definitions affecting eligibility be revised and published
from time to time by the agency in the Federal Register. For the purposes of
this NOSA, the agency will be revising the definition of Broadband Service
established therein, such that for applications under this window, existing
Broadband Service shall mean the minimum rate-of-data transmission of ten
megabits downstream and one megabit upstream for both fixed and mobile broadband
service. On the other hand, the rate at which applicants must propose to offer
new broadband service, the Broadband Lending Speed, will be a minimum bandwidth
of ten megabits downstream and one megabit upstream for both fixed and mobile
service to the customer. Priority for Approving Loan Applications Applications
for FY 2016 will be accepted from April 8, 2016 through July 7, 2016. Although
review of applications will start when they are submitted, all applications
submitted by July 7, 2016, will be evaluated and ranked together on the basis of
the number of unserved households in the proposed funded service area. Subject
to available funding, eligible applications that propose to serve the most
unserved households will receive funding offers before other eligible
applications that have been submitted. Applications will not be accepted after
July 7, 2016, until a new funding window has been opened with the publication of
an additional NOSA in the Federal Register. Paperwork Reduction Act In
accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information collection
requirements associated with Broadband loans, as covered in this NOSA, have been
approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB Control Number
0572-0130. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement In accordance with Federal civil
rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations
and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions
participating in or administering USDA programs are prohibited from
discriminating based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender
identity (including gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age,
marital status, family/ [[Page 20615]] parental status, income derived from a
public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for
prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by
USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing
deadlines vary by program or incident. Persons with disabilities who require
alternative means of communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large
print, audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible
Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA
through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program
information may be made available in languages other than English. To file a
program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program Discrimination
Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by: (1) Mail: U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410; (2) Fax: (202)
690-7442; or (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov USDA is an equal opportunity
provider, employer, and lender. Dated: March 30, 2016. Brandon McBride,
Administrator, Rural Utilities Service. [FR Doc. 2016-08040 Filed 4-7-16; 8:45
am] BILLING CODE 3410-15-P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                6 of 8 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

Requests for Applications: Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees
Program

LENGTH: 2437  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



  Action



 Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA).

 Summary



 The Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), announces that it is accepting applications for fiscal year
(FY) 2017 for the Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee program (the
Broadband Program). There will be two application windows for FY 2017.





 In addition to announcing the application windows, RUS announces the minimum
and maximum amounts for broadband loans for FY 2017.

 Dates



 Unless otherwise extended by a notice of funds availability, applications for
the first application window under this NOSA must be submitted from March 1,
2017, through March 31, 2017, and for the second application window from
September 1, 2017, through September 30, 2017. Applications can only be
submitted through the Agency's online application system during the periods
specified above; however, applicants may begin working on their applications in
the online system as outlined below.

 For Further Information Contact



 For further information contact Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant Administrator,
Loan Originations and Approval Division, Rural Utilities Service, Room 2844,
STOP 1597, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1597, Telephone:
(202) 720-0800, or email: Shawn.Arner@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information

 General Information



 The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (the  "Broadband
Program") is authorized by the Rural Electrification Act (7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.),
as amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79) also referred to as
the 2014 Farm Bill.



 During FY 2017, loans will be made available for the construction, improvement,
and acquisition of facilities and equipment to provide service at the broadband
lending speed for eligible rural areas. Applications are subject to the
requirements of 7 CFR 1738.

 Application Assistance



 Since the implementation of the requirements of the 2014 Farm Bill, RUS has
held two application windows. After reviewing the applications for eligibility,
RUS has determined that there is considerable misunderstanding of the revised
requirements for the Broadband Program. Under the two previous windows, once an
application was submitted, RUS could not contact an applicant for additional
information and the application had to be evaluated on the information that was
submitted. If incorrect or inadequate information was submitted or a regulatory
requirement was not met, an applicant did not have the ability to adjust its
application and RUS was forced to reject it as incomplete or inadequate. In
order to break with the pattern of wide scale applications that do not meet the
regulation's requirements, RUS will place additional emphasis on providing
assistance to applicants with submitting complete applications. As a result, RUS
will open pre-application periods, in which National Office staff as well as the
General Field Representative assigned to the project will be able to review the
draft application, provide detailed comments, and identify when an application
is not meeting eligibility requirements for funding. The online application
system will allow RUS staff to assist an applicant with completing every part of
an application as it is being developed.



 The first pre-application window will open on January 9, 2017, and application
assistance will be available until the application is formally submitted for
consideration by the applicant, but no later than midnight, Eastern Time, on
March 24, 2017. Once the application is formally submitted, RUS will be unable
to provide additional assistance with completing the application and will begin
reviewing the application for conformance with the broadband regulation with
respect to eligibility and technical and financial feasibility. In addition,
once an application is formally submitted through the online system, the
applicant can no longer submit supporting information. For assistance with an
application, please contact Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Loan
Originations and Approval Division, Rural Utilities Service, Room 2844, STOP
1597, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1597, Telephone: (202)
720-0800, or email: Shawn.Arner@wdc.usda.gov If an application is ultimately
found to be incomplete or inadequate for funding after it is formally submitted,
a detailed explanation will be provided to the applicant at least thirty days
prior to the opening of the second window of FY 2017 for formally submitting
applications.



 The second pre-application window will open on July 1, 2017, and application
assistance will be available until the application is formally submitted for
consideration by the applicant, but not later than midnight, Eastern Time, on
September 22, 2017. As with the first pre-application window, once an
application is formally submitted, RUS will be unable to provide additional
assistance with completing the application and will begin reviewing the
application for conformance with the broadband regulation with respect to
eligibility and technical and financial feasibility. In addition, once an
application is formally submitted through the online system, the applicant can
no longer submit supporting information. Please contact Shawn Arner at the above
contact information if you would like assistance with your application. If an
application is ultimately found to be incomplete or inadequate, a detailed
explanation will be provided to the applicant.



 To further assist in the preparation of applications, an application guide is
available online at: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-bill-broadband-loans-loan-guarantees. Application guides may also be
requested from the RUS contact listed in the FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT
section of this notice.



 Application requirements: All requirements for submission of an application
under the Broadband Program are subject to 7 CFR 1738.



 Application Materials/Submission: Applications must be submitted through the
Agency's online application system located at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rd-apply. All materials required for
completing an application are included in the online system.



 Items of Special Emphasis: The following items have been overlooked or
inadequately addressed in a number of applications received in the last two
application cycles. They are highlighted below to help ensure that future
applications do not have the same deficiencies.



     Calculation of Additional Cash Requirement 7 CFR 1738.208: Certain
applications may need to satisfy an additional cash requirement even though they
have addressed the equity requirement covered in 7 CFR 1738.207 (an element of a
complete application in accordance with 7 CFR 1738.202(c)). If an applicant is
either a start-up operation or has not demonstrated positive cash flow from
operations for the two years prior to the submission date of the application,
then the applicant must submit adjusted financial projections in which projected
revenues are decreased by 50 percent for each year of the five-year forecast
period, unless revenues are based on documented binding commitments which would
preclude such a drop. If the adjusted financial projections show an inadequate
cash balance at the end of any year during the five-year forecast period, the
amount of cash necessary to eliminate that cash insufficiency is the Additional
Cash Requirement for the application.

     Equity requirement 7 CFR 1738.207: If an applicant has equity at the time
of application equal to less than 10 percent of the requested loan amount, then
the applicant must submit either an investor commitment or a commitment to issue
a general obligation bond, along with a legal opinion demonstrating that the
applicant has the authority to issue such a bond in an amount sufficient to meet
the equity requirement (this second option is available to State, Tribal and
local government applicants only). If an applicant submits more than one
application, then the equity requirement will be calculated based on the sum of
the requested loan amounts, as if all applications will be successful.

     Market survey (7 CFR 1738.209): If a market survey is required, the survey
must have been completed within 6 months of the application submission date.

     Methodology and Assumptions included with Financial Information (7 CFR
1738.211): The narrative explaining the methodology and assumptions used to
develop the financial projections for the five-year forecast period (7 CFR
1738.211(b)(2)) and the adjusted financial projections, if applicable (7 CFR
1738.208(a)(2)), must adequately address every category in the pro-forma
financial statements. This narrative should include a discussion of any
historical trends or anomalies and their impact on the forecast(s). The
applicant should not only include any calculations or percentage changes in the
assumptions but also discuss the reasons for choosing any multipliers or
percentage increases/decreases for the forecast.

     Audited Financial Statements vs. Unaudited Financial Statements plus Tax
Returns (7 CFR 1738.211(a)(1)-(3)): Audited financial statements submitted in
compliance with 7 CFR 1738.211(a)(1)-(3) must be audited and certified by an
independent certified public accountant (CPA) and include an opinion, balance
sheet, income statement, statement of changes in financial position, and notes
to the financial statements. Compilations or reviews are considered unaudited
financial statements, even if a CPA was involved in their preparation or
presentation. If an applicant submits unaudited statements, tax returns for the
relevant years are also required. Start-up entities must provide, at a minimum,
an opening balance sheet dated within 30 days of the final submission of all
application material.



 Minimum and Maximum Loan Amounts



 Loans under this authority will not be made for less than $100,000. The maximum
loan amount that will be considered for FY 2017 is $10,000,000.

 Required Definitions for Broadband Program Regulation



 The regulation for the Broadband Program requires that certain definitions
affecting eligibility be revised and published from time to time by the agency
in the Federal Register. For the purposes of this NOSA, the agency is revising
the definition of Broadband Service, such that for applications submitted under
these two windows, existing Broadband Service shall mean the minimum
rate-of-data transmission of ten megabits downstream and one megabit upstream
for both mobile and fixed service. With respect to the Broadband Lending Speed,
the rate at which applicants must propose to offer new broadband service is a
minimum bandwidth of ten megabits downstream and one megabit upstream for mobile
service and twenty-five megabits downstream and three megabits upstream for
fixed service to the customer.

 Priority for Approving Loan Applications



 Applications for FY 2017 will be accepted from March 1, 2017, through March 30,
2017, for the first application window and from September 1, 2017, through
September 30, 2017, for the second application window. Although review of
applications will start when they are submitted for each window, all
applications submitted for the first application period will be evaluated and
ranked together based on the percentage of unserved households in the proposed
funded service area. Likewise, all applications submitted for the second window
will be evaluated and ranked together based on the percentage of unserved
households in the proposed funded service area. Subject to available funding,
eligible applications that propose to serve the highest percentage of unserved
households will receive funding offers before other eligible applications that
have been submitted. The amount available for each window will be published on
the Agency Web page once the annual appropriation process has been completed.



 Applications will not be accepted after September 30, 2017, until a new funding
window has been opened with the publication of an additional NOSA in the Federal
Register.

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirements associated with Broadband loans, as covered in this
NOSA, have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB
Control Number 0572-0130.

 USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



 In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:



 (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410;



 (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or



 (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.

 Dated: November 21, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2017-00137 Filed 1-6-17; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                7 of 8 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Rural Broadband Access Loans and Loan Guarantees Program

LENGTH: 1118  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)

 Action



 Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA).

 Summary



 The Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), announces that it is accepting applications for fiscal year
(FY) 2016 for the Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee program (the
Broadband Program).





 In addition to announcing the application window, RUS announces the minimum and
maximum amounts for broadband loans for FY 2016.

 Dates



 Applications under this NOSA will be accepted immediately and must be submitted
through the Agency's online application system no later than July 7, 2016 to be
eligible for FY 2016 broadband loan funding. Applications are subject to the
requirements of the interim final regulation published in the Federal Register
at Vol. 80, No. 146 on Thursday, July 30, 2015.

 For Further Information Contact



 For further information contact Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant Administrator,
Loan Originations and Approval Division, Rural Utilities Service, STOP 1597,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1597, Telephone: (202)
720-0800, or email: Shawn.Arner@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information

 General Information



 The Rural Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program (the Broadband
Program) is authorized by the Rural Electrification Act (7 U.S.C. 901 et seq.),
as amended by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Pub. L. 113-79) also referred to as
the 2014 Farm Bill.



 During FY 2016, loans will be made available for the construction, improvement,
and acquisition of facilities and equipment to provide service at the broadband
lending speed for eligible rural areas. Applications must be submitted in
accordance with the interim final rule published July 30, 2015.



 For questions about the requirements of completing an application please use
the RUS contact listed in the FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT section of this
notice.



 Application requirements: All requirements for submission of an application
under the Broadband Program have been set forth in the interim regulation
published July 30, 2015.



 Application Materials: Application materials for the Broadband Program are
available at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
farm-bill-broadband-loans-loan-guarantees.



 Application Submission: All applications must be submitted through the Agency's
online application system located at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rd-apply. Paper applications will not
be accepted.

 Minimum and Maximum Loan Amounts



 Loans under this authority will not be made for less than $100,000. The maximum
loan amount that will be considered for FY 2016 is $10,000,000.

 Required Definitions for Broadband Program Regulation



 The interim regulation for the Broadband Program requires that certain
definitions affecting eligibility be revised and published from time to time by
the agency in the Federal Register. For the purposes of this NOSA, the agency
will be revising the definition of Broadband Service established therein, such
that for applications under this window, existing Broadband Service shall mean
the minimum rate-of-data transmission of ten megabits downstream and one megabit
upstream for both fixed and mobile broadband service. On the other hand, the
rate at which applicants must propose to offer new broadband service, the
Broadband Lending Speed, will be a minimum bandwidth of ten megabits downstream
and one megabit upstream for both fixed and mobile service to the customer.

 Priority for Approving Loan Applications



 Applications for FY 2016 will be accepted from April 8, 2016 through July 7,
2016. Although review of applications will start when they are submitted, all
applications submitted by July 7, 2016, will be evaluated and ranked together on
the basis of the number of unserved households in the proposed funded service
area. Subject to available funding, eligible applications that propose to serve
the most unserved households will receive funding offers before other eligible
applications that have been submitted.



 Applications will not be accepted after July 7, 2016, until a new funding
window has been opened with the publication of an additional NOSA in the Federal
Register.

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the information
collection requirements associated with Broadband loans, as covered in this
NOSA, have been approved by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) under OMB
Control Number 0572-0130.

 USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



 In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:



 (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410;



 (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or



 (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.

 Dated: March 30, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-08040 Filed 4-7-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-15-P

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                8 of 8 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Leahy Calls On USDA To Raise Minimum Broadband Speeds For Rural
Vermont And Rural America

LENGTH: 307  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Patrick Leahy has issued the following news
release:



 Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) on Wednesday sent a letter to Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack, asking him to use his existing authority to raise the
minimum broadband speed that determines funding eligibility for the Farm Bill
broadband loan program.





 Leahy's letter follows his successful inclusion of report language in the
Fiscal Year 2016 Agriculture Appropriations bill directing USDA to implement the
broadband provisions of the 2014 Farm Bill, including the authority to review
and raise the minimum speed established by the bill.  Leahy is a leading member
and a former chairman of the Agriculture Committee, which handled the Senate's
work in writing the Farm Bill.



 "Rural America continues to lag behind the rest of the country when it comes to
broadband deployment," Leahy said.  "Vermonters know that broadband is a
necessity, not a luxury.  A rural broadband standard should reflect consumers'
needs and provide the capacity necessary for businesses and start-ups to grow
and compete."



 Leahy cited recent data from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) which
found that only 53 percent of rural areas have access to speeds of 25 Mbps
download, a measurement that is more than 6 times higher than the minimum
standard set by the Farm Bill.  In contrast, the FCC found that 92 percent of
urban areas have access to the 25 Mbps standard.



 The Farm Bill broadband loan program provides loans and loan guarantees to
broadband providers that bring broadband service to rural areas.  The program
prioritizes funding to areas that fall below the minimum standard established by
the bill, which is currently set at 4 Mbps.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
