
                              501 of 559 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              July 6, 2014 Sunday

'Plan to establish Exim Bank of Pakistan to be ready by Sept'

LENGTH: 467  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


A blueprint to establish Exim Bank of Pakistan will be completed by September
2014, Finance Secretary Dr Waqar Masood said on Saturday.

He informed a high-level meeting with Finance Minister Senator Ishaq Dar in the
chair that a legal framework through the act of parliament will be initiated
thereafter.



The meeting was held to review the implementation status of the initiatives
announced in the federal budget 2014-15.

The finance secretary gave a detailed presentation on the status of the
initiatives and the progress made so far on the implementation.

On the establishment of the Pakistan Land Port Authority, he said that the
integrated transit trade committee would present its initial understanding to
the finance minister by 15 July, 2014.

The finance minister was informed that necessary notifications related to the
reduction in mark-up rates of Exports Refinance Facility and Long Term Finance
Facility had been issued. It was also informed that the Finance Division was
following up on the decisions for disposal of all pending sales tax refunds by
30 September and in future disposal of sales tax refunds would be ensured within
three months by the Federal Board of Revenue.

The minister said that mechanism for credit guarantee scheme for small and
marginalised farmers must be devised at the earliest and in this regard ministry
of national food security and internal finance wing should coordinate with the
State Bank of Pakistan.

The minister also reviewed the progress made on crop loan insurance scheme,
livestock insurance scheme, increased agriculture credit availability,
establishment of commodities warehouses, low cost housing guarantee scheme,
mortgage refinance company and Prime Minister's low cost housing scheme.

The minister was informed that necessary notifications/circulars for provision
of incentives for processing industries in Makran, Gilgit Baltistan, Swat Valley
and FATA, air freight subsidy circular on horticulture produce from GB were
being issued shortly.

It was also informed that a notification with regard to enhancement of monthly
stipend through Benazir Income Support Programme to increase from Rs1200 to
Rs1500 had already been issued.

Dar directed for establishment high-powered task force to undertake detailed
review of a large number of social safety-net programme, scattered across
different ministries and departments to gauge their performance and avoid
overlapping.

The minister was also informed that the divestment of government shares in
public sector enterprises is going on as per the plans with both local and
international investors' interests. The SBP and finance division are working out
promotion of Islamic banking and financial system in the country. An interim
report will be presented to the finance minister at the earliest.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                             July 16, 2011 Saturday

Focus on food and nutrition security

LENGTH: 718  words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, July 16 -- The government has given high priority to the agriculture
sector, aiming at ensuring food and nutrition security, generating employment
and income, import substitution and export promotion through the
commercialisation of agriculture.

The government has allocated Rs 12.4 billion for the sector for the fiscal year
2011-12, up by 17.87 percent compared to FY 2010-11. The allocation is about
3.22 percent of the country's total annual budget of Rs 384.90 billion announced
on Friday.

The government has also set an ambitious target to be self-reliant in food and
agriculture products within the next three years under a national determination
'Increase Production and Be Self-Reliant'.

Agro experts are of the view that the government's priority to the agriculture
sector is good, but the implementation part is crucial. The programmes should be
implemented in a more effective and practical way, they said, adding that the
budget distribution in agriculture is quite scattered rather than focused.

"Focus on the rural community is good; but the budget is unable to comprehend
the long-term goal," said Hari Krishna Upadhyay, executive chairman of the
Centre for Environment and Agricultural Policy Research, Extension and
Development (CEREAD). The government should devise a long-term

plan for the development of the agriculture sector with a framework of at least
15-20 years.

The government has launched a provision of allocating at least 15 percent of the
resources to agriculture related activities out of the total grant received by
each village development committee.

In an effort to increase women's participation in agriculture, the government
has provisioned to appoint women in all vacant posts of JT/JTA and veterinary
technicians.

Subsides for chemical and organic fertilisers have been allocated Rs 3 billion.
Farmers will receive subsidies in the purchase of seeds of high yielding
varieties. The government has arranged also subsidies for establishing
laboratories and production and packaging of pesticides and seeds in places
including Rukum and Rolpa with a view to increase the production of vegetable
seeds in sub-tropical zones of the country. The government has also introduced a
land-pooling system.

In a bid to encourage agricultural mechanisation by developing large corporate
farms, the government has exempted customs duty for the import of necessary
agriculture tools. To encourage the establishment of chemical fertiliser
factories in the country, the government aims to develop a separate power
project with a capacity of generating energy up to 100 MW to supply energy for
such factories. "The government's announcement of constructing a separate energy
project does not look reasonable," said agro expert Devendra Chapagain. He said
the government should be more practical in implementing its plans rather than
verbal assurances.

Under the food crisis response programme, fertilisers and seeds transportation
and irrigation facilities in 23 high and mid hills districts have been pledged.
The government has continued the One Village One Product programme for creating
employment opportunities. Similarly, the budget for the meat program has been
continued in the next fiscal year. For this, the government has arranged a
credit facility at concessional interest rates through small farmer cooperatives
to people involved in livestock, poultry and fish farming. "A 50 percent subsidy
on premium of crops and livestock insurance has been introduced."

"The budget for agriculture seems pleasing, but it should be implemented," said
Kailash Nath Pyakural, former member of the National Planning Commission. He
said the government has ignored the establishment of the proposed agriculture
university whose Act had been finalised six months ago.

Agriculture sector gets Rs 12.4 billion Appointment of women in all vacant posts
of JT/JTA and veterinary technicians Rs 3 billion for subsides in chemical and
organic fertilisers Exemption of customs duty in the import of necessary
agriculture toolsA separate power project to supply energy for chemical
fertiliser factories. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
EKantipur.com. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              July 25, 2010 Sunday

Business must target social & development of rural area for its success

BYLINE: Anirvan Ghosh & Aman Dhall

SECTION: SPECIAL REPORT

LENGTH: 1060 words


In May last year, as the monsoon played truant and the sun shone bright to singe
the earth, Monica Agrawal trudged on foot through the dusty village of
Kottacheruvu in Andhra Pradesh looking for business. For the corporate
initiatives director at Aviva Life Insurance, there couldn't have been a more
ideal day to convince villagers about the value of her product. She couldn't let
go the opportunity.

This effort and commitment has been exemplary of the value insurance players and
providers of other financial services are placing on the burgeoning rural market
that is growing at a breakneck speed. Rural India constitutes two-thirds of the
country. But then how do the providers of financial services, like insurance and
mutual funds, convince a poor farmer to buy a product, which has no immediate
returns, when he is facing drought?

"By making it as attractive as something that does give immediate returns," says
Ms Agrawal. To get the pulse of the rural folk, she has now visited a number of
villages in AP and West Bengal, as her sales team fanned out across others.

The team found that premiums just had to be cheap, working out to as little as
`5-50 a day. The convincing had to be done by someone known to the villagers,
someone they could trust. That was where microfinance players such as BASIX and
SKS Microfinance came into picture. Their job was simple: to provide the
financial services providers with the distribution reach and offer insights into
the rural markets. "Our agents keep going and meeting villagers regularly for
loan requirements," says D Sattaiah, chief operating officer at BASIX.

For Uday Sareen, country head, retail banking at ING Vysya Bank, this connect
has come from partnering with over 12,000 self-help groups. "Our relationship
manager spends time understanding the group, attend meetings, and counsel them
on money management. The benefit of this is a long-term relationship and good
credit history."

Financial experts say in villages, a typical salesman would first offer a loan.
And then, add "you know, you should also buy something equally important-that
keeps your family safe in case something untoward happens to you." Coming from
someone whom the villagers trust and in a country where rural healthcare is
woeful in remote areas, this rings a chord.

This strategy has worked wonders not just for life insurance, but also for
general insurance companies like ICICI Lombard, which also relies on
microfinance agents to sell its products, mainly insuring crops against a truant
weather. A unique aspect of weather insurance is that farmers need not lodge a
claim. "We monitor the policy and calculate claims based on the certified data
received from third party agencies automatically during the policy period," says
Alok Agrawal, director (corporate) at ICICI Lombard General Insurance.

Once the villager is convinced, there are products tailor made for him. Sattaih
of BASIX has seen products like grameen suraksha, livestock insurance, health
insurance and weather insurance, and rural personal accident policy to be the
most popular. And how much is the spread? "We sold during fisyal year 2009-10
over 3.7 lakh polices amounting to `5.45 crore premium. And expect to sell over
11 lakh policies amounting to a premium collection of `54 crore premium during
the fiscal year 2010-11," he says, taking into account all the products of
insurance companies that his MFI sells. The growth rate is over 200% in terms of
polices and over 900% in terms of premiums collected.

"Our experience is that in rural areas business is not just about selling a
product but also being an inherent

part of the social and developmental aspects," says ICICI Lombard's Agarwal.
That means, that the benefits go beyond a village. For example, one of its
policies covered around 800,000 artisan families and settled close to eleven
lakh claims under the scheme which entitles beneficiaries to access healthcare
facilities through 1,102 cashless OPD clinic facilities and over 2,858 hospitals
across the country.

The development commissioner for handicraft, ministry of textiles along with
ICICI Lombard implements the scheme and covers the artisan, spouse and two
children for comprehensive pre and post-hospitalisation expenses. This strikes
at the heart of a deep-seated problem. "They are not confined to the village
healthcare centre anymore," he says.

Challenges for a mutual fund are even more-the villager first has to believe in
mutual funds. "Talking in their mother tongue is a big step ahead," says Avinash
Ramnath, head of sales and marketing at Canara Robeco Asset Management. Changing
their views on money, and gaining their trust has not happened overnight. He had
to juggle various ways to connect with them.

The product most popular is systematic investment plans. "Since investment
happens over a period of time, they trust it more," says Ramnath. "A tried and
tested way of explaining is by investing a small amount you could become an
owner in a company," says Rajnish Kumar, head of product and marketing at
Fullerton Securities.

The rural parts also have rich farmers, particularly in states like Punjab. For
them, the products are more similar to those sold in urban areas, says Aviva's
Agarwal. "We can sell them through PSU bank branches and also direct sales
agents," she says.

Such farmers are better traveled, and have had the feel of doing business in
bigger cities. "Their needs are different from the poor farmers, and so our
agents too are trained for that." Banking correspondents like Eko Financial
Services adopt a number of local awareness programmes-street plays, loud-speaker
vans, leaflet distribution, education at the customer service points. "As long
as the need-gap is met through the model, it's not hard to convince
anyone-farmer or a labourer to open an account," says Eko's chief marketing
officer Anand Raman.

In the final analysis, establishing a relationship with a local community is of
paramount importance. And also go a step further to show your commitment.
Kameshwara Rao, ING Vysya's manager based in Kakinada, AP, wakes up while it is
still dark during the sowing season. As farmers leave for their fields early
morning, he visits them at the crack of dawn to help and service their
requirements. "You show that you care, and they will respond," says Sareen.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            April 21, 2012 Saturday

New database shows three quarters of world's poor are "Unbanked"

SECTION: Vol. 17 No. 111

LENGTH: 449  words


Three quarters of the world's poor do not have a bank account, not only because
of poverty, but also because of the cost, travel distance, and amount of paper
work involved in opening one, says the World Bank.

Those without access to formal banking often have to rely on money lenders who
often charge high fees. The "unbanked" are also less likely to start their own
business or insure themselves against unexpected events.

Financial inclusion or being "banked" can be transformative, as it allows poor
people to build a more secure future. The ability to save and borrow allows them
to build their assets, start a business, invest in education, establish a credit
rating, and eventually own a home.

"Providing financial services to the 2.5 billion people who are 'unbanked' could
boost economic growth and opportunity for the world's poor," said World Bank
Group President Robert B. Zoellick. "Harnessing the power of financial services
can really help people to pay for schooling, save for a home, or start a small
business that can provide jobs for others. This new report on the world's
'unbanked' makes the case: the more poor people are banking today, the more they
are banking on their future."

Women are particularly disadvantaged when it comes to access to financial
services. Only 37 per cent of women in developing countries have an account,
whereas 46% of men do. That gap is even bigger among those in poverty: Women
living below $2 a day are 28 percent less likely than men to have a bank
account.

Worldwide, 22 percent of adults report having saved at a formal financial
institution in the past 12 months, according to the World Bank's Global
Financial Inclusion Database, or Global Findex. Findex provides the most
comprehensive picture yet of how people around the world save, borrow, make
payments and manage risks.

Even among those who do have a formal bank account, only 43 percent of adults
use their account to save. Yet 61 percent of account holders worldwide use their
account to receive payments from an employer, the government or family members
living elsewhere.

The data was collected by Gallup, Inc. using the Gallup World Poll Survey. The
Bank's Development Research Group is building the database with a 10-year grant
from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.

Few adults in developing countries use formal financial products to manage risk.
More than 11 percent of adults in developing countries have an outstanding loan
for emergencies or health-care needs, but more than 80% of these adults use only
informal sources of credit. Of adults in developing countries working in
farming, forestry or fishing, only 6 percent of them have crop, rainfall or
livestock insurance.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            April 21, 2012 Saturday

New database shows three quarters of world's poor are "Unbanked"

SECTION: Vol. 17 No. 111

LENGTH: 449  words


Three quarters of the world's poor do not have a bank account, not only because
of poverty, but also because of the cost, travel distance, and amount of paper
work involved in opening one, says the World Bank.

Those without access to formal banking often have to rely on money lenders who
often charge high fees. The "unbanked" are also less likely to start their own
business or insure themselves against unexpected events.

Financial inclusion or being "banked" can be transformative, as it allows poor
people to build a more secure future. The ability to save and borrow allows them
to build their assets, start a business, invest in education, establish a credit
rating, and eventually own a home.

"Providing financial services to the 2.5 billion people who are 'unbanked' could
boost economic growth and opportunity for the world's poor," said World Bank
Group President Robert B. Zoellick. "Harnessing the power of financial services
can really help people to pay for schooling, save for a home, or start a small
business that can provide jobs for others. This new report on the world's
'unbanked' makes the case: the more poor people are banking today, the more they
are banking on their future."

Women are particularly disadvantaged when it comes to access to financial
services. Only 37 per cent of women in developing countries have an account,
whereas 46% of men do. That gap is even bigger among those in poverty: Women
living below $2 a day are 28 percent less likely than men to have a bank
account.

Worldwide, 22 percent of adults report having saved at a formal financial
institution in the past 12 months, according to the World Bank's Global
Financial Inclusion Database, or Global Findex. Findex provides the most
comprehensive picture yet of how people around the world save, borrow, make
payments and manage risks.

Even among those who do have a formal bank account, only 43 percent of adults
use their account to save. Yet 61 percent of account holders worldwide use their
account to receive payments from an employer, the government or family members
living elsewhere.

The data was collected by Gallup, Inc. using the Gallup World Poll Survey. The
Bank's Development Research Group is building the database with a 10-year grant
from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.

Few adults in developing countries use formal financial products to manage risk.
More than 11 percent of adults in developing countries have an outstanding loan
for emergencies or health-care needs, but more than 80% of these adults use only
informal sources of credit. Of adults in developing countries working in
farming, forestry or fishing, only 6 percent of them have crop, rainfall or
livestock insurance.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 559 DOCUMENTS

            LOUISIANA HOSPITAL ASSOCIATION & LOUISIANA STATE MEDICAL
           SOCIETY VERSUS STATE OF LOUISIANA, THE STATE OF LOUISIANA
           THROUGH THE DEPARTMENT OF INSURANCE & JAMES J. DONELON IN
          HIS CAPACITY AS COMMISSIONER OF THE LOUISIANA DEPARTMENT OF
                                   INSURANCE

                                NO. 2013 CA 0579

                  COURT OF APPEAL OF LOUISIANA, FIRST CIRCUIT

           2013 0579 (La.App. 1 Cir. 12/30/14); 168 So. 3d 676; 2014
                              La. App. LEXIS 3077


                      December 30, 2014, Judgment Rendered

SUBSEQUENT HISTORY: Writ denied by La. Hosp. Ass'n v. State, 169 So. 3d 372,
2015 La. LEXIS 822 (La., May 1, 2015)

PRIOR HISTORY:  [**1] Appealed from the 19th Judicial District Court in and for
the Parish of East Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Trial Court No, 615,492. Honorable
Janice Clark, Judge.



DISPOSITION: REVERSED IN PART; VACATED IN PART; REMANDED.

CASE SUMMARY:


OVERVIEW: HOLDINGS: [1]-When plaintiffs health care providers contested
defendant Commissioner of the Department of Insurance's (Commissioner) emergency
rule temporarily banning, in response to a hurricane, the practice of "balance
billing," under La. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 22:1880, by out-of-network providers, it
was error not to declare the parties' rights because the providers sought
declaratory relief; [2]-It was error to grant defendant, the State of Louisiana,
summary judgment, and to deny the providers injunctive relief, because La. Rev.
Stat. Ann. § 29:724, part of the Homeland Security and Emergency Assistance and
Disaster Act, La. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 29:721 et seq., did not grant the governor
the authority to enact substantive law, as such authority was not enumerated in
La. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 29:724(D), so the Commissioner exceeded the authority
granted under La. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 29:724.

OUTCOME: Judgment reversed in part, vacated in part.

CORE TERMS: governor, emergency, summary judgment, executive orders, insured,
suspend, health care providers, billing, enact, disaster, emergency rules,
substantive law, declaratory relief, regulatory statute, legal relations, health
care professionals, declaration, injunction, delegated, authority granted,
proclamations, enacting, genuine, state of emergency, health care services,
health insurance, certified copy, writ denied, delegation, enrollee


                            LexisNexis(R) Headnotes


Governments > State & Territorial Governments > Employees & Officials
[HN1] See La. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 29:724(A), (D).

Healthcare Law > Insurance > Patient Obligations
[HN2] "Balance billing" is defined as any written or electronic communication by
a non-contracted health care provider that appears to attempt to collect from an
enrollee or insured any amount for covered, non-covered, and out-of-network
health care services received by the enrollee or insured from the non-contracted
health care provider that is not fully paid by the enrollee or insured, or the
health insurance issuer. La. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 22:1880(A)(1).

Civil Procedure > Declaratory Judgment Actions > State Judgments > Scope
[HN3] La. Code Civ. Proc. Ann. art. 1871 authorizes a judicial declaration of
rights, status, and other legal relations whether or not further relief is or
could be claimed. A declaratory judgment is one that simply establishes the
rights of the parties or expresses the opinion of the court on a question of law
without ordering anything to be done, and its distinctive characteristic is that
the declaration stands by itself with no executory process following as a matter
of course, so that it is distinguished from a direct action in that it does not
seek execution or performance from a defendant or opposing litigants.

Civil Procedure > Appeals > Appellate Jurisdiction
[HN4] An appellate court is empowered to render any judgment that is just and
proper upon the record, La. Code Civ. Proc. Ann. art. 2164.

Civil Procedure > Summary Judgment > Standards > Appropriateness
Civil Procedure > Summary Judgment > Standards > Need for Trial
Civil Procedure > Summary Judgment > Appellate Review > Standards of Review
Civil Procedure > Appeals > Standards of Review > De Novo Review
[HN5] Summary judgment is subject to de novo review on appeal, using the same
standards applicable to a trial court's determination of the issues. The summary
judgment procedure is expressly favored in the law and is designed to secure the
just, speedy, and inexpensive determination of non-domestic civil actions. La.
Code Civ. Proc. Ann. art. 966(A)(2). Its purpose is to pierce the pleadings and
to assess the proof in order to see whether there is a genuine need for trial.
Summary judgment is appropriate if the pleadings, depositions, answers to
interrogatories, admissions, and affidavits in the record show that there is no
genuine issue as to material fact and that the mover is entitled to judgment as
a matter of law. La. Code Civ. Proc. Ann. art. 966(B).

Civil Procedure > Summary Judgment > Standards > Need for Trial
Civil Procedure > Summary Judgment > Evidence
[HN6] In ruling on a motion for summary judgment, a judge's role is not to
evaluate the weight of the evidence or to determine the truth of the matter, but
instead to determine whether there is a genuine issue of triable fact. Despite
the legislative mandate that summary judgments are now favored, factual
inferences reasonably drawn from the evidence must be construed in favor of the
party opposing the motion, and all doubt must be resolved in the opponent's
favor.

Civil Procedure > Appeals > Standards of Review > Fact & Law Issues
Civil Procedure > Appeals > Standards of Review > De Novo Review
[HN7] Appellate review of questions of law is simply a review of whether a trial
court was legally correct or legally incorrect. On legal issues, an appellate
court gives no weight to the findings of the trial court but exercises its
constitutional duty to review questions of law and renders judgment on the
record.

Governments > Legislation > Interpretation
[HN8] The fundamental question in all cases of statutory interpretation is
legislative intent and the ascertainment of the reason or reasons that prompted
the legislature to enact the law. The rules of statutory construction are
designed to ascertain and enforce the intent of the legislature. Legislation is
the solemn expression of legislative will, and therefore, interpretation of a
law involves primarily a search for the legislature's intent. La. Rev. Stat.
Ann. § 1:4; La. Civ. Code Ann. art. 2. When a law is clear and unambiguous and
its application does not lead to absurd consequences, the law shall be applied
as written and no further interpretation may be made in search of the intent of
the legislature. La. Civ. Code Ann. art. 9.

Governments > Legislation > Interpretation
[HN9] The meaning and intent of a law is determined by considering the law in
its entirety and all other laws on the same subject matter and placing a
construction on the provision in question that is consistent with the express
terms of the law and with the obvious intent of the legislature in enacting it.
The statute must, therefore, be applied and interpreted in a manner that is
consistent with logic and the presumed fair purpose and intention of the
legislature in passing it. This is because the rules of statutory construction
require that the general intent and purpose of the legislature in enacting the
law must, if possible, be given effect. It is presumed the intent of the
legislature is to achieve a consistent body of law.

Governments > State & Territorial Governments > Employees & Officials
[HN10] In La. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 29:721 et seq., the legislature enacted the
Homeland Security and Emergency Assistance and Disaster Act (HSEDA). The
legislature enacted the HSEDA to enable the governor and parish presidents to
declare a state of emergency for the stated purposes of, among other things,
preserving the lives and property of the state, reducing vulnerability of people
and communities to damage, injury and loss of life and property resulting from a
natural or man-made catastrophe, providing for the orderly start of restoration
of persons and property affected by the emergency or disaster, coordinating
activities relating to response and recovery among the different participatory
agencies, and coordinating resources with the federal government, other states,
and private agencies in order to effectively deal with the emergency or
disaster. La. Rev. Stat. Ann. §§ 29:722, 29:724, 29:727.

Governments > State & Territorial Governments > Employees & Officials
[HN11] Reading the Homeland Security and Emergency Assistance and Disaster Act
(HSEDA), La. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 29:721 et seq., as a whole, it is clear that the
legislature did not intend to convey legislative authority upon the governor
during a state of emergency. La. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 29:724(A) permits the
governor to issue executive orders, proclamations, and regulations to effectuate
the provisions of the HSEDA. The specific powers granted to the governor under
the HSEDA are set out in La. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 29:724(D). While La. Rev. Stat.
Ann. § 29:724(D)(1) permits the governor to suspend the provisions of any
regulatory statute prescribing the procedures for conduct of state business if
strict compliance with the provisions of any statute, order, rule, or regulation
would in any way prevent, hinder, or delay necessary action in coping with the
emergency, there is no provision in La. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 29:724 that permits
the governor to enact substantive law.

Governments > State & Territorial Governments > Employees & Officials
Governments > Legislation > Interpretation
[HN12] When considering the powers conveyed to the governor under the Homeland
Security and Emergency Assistance and Disaster Act, La. Rev. Stat. Ann. § 29:721
et seq., a court must apply the well-settled doctrine of statutory construction,
expressio unius est exclusio alterius, which teaches that when the legislature
specifically enumerates a series of things, the legislature's omission of other
items, which could have been easily included in the statute, is deemed
intentional.

Constitutional Law > The Judiciary > Case or Controversy > Constitutional
Questions > Necessity of Determination
[HN13] Courts should avoid constitutional rulings when a case can be decided on
the basis of non-constitutional issues.

COUNSEL: CARROLL DEVILLIER, JR., GREGORY D. FROST, JEANNE C. COMEAUX, BATON
ROUGE, LA, ATTORNEYS FOR PLAINTIFFS-APPELLANTS, LOUISIANA HOSPITAL ASSOCIATION &
LOUISIANA STATE MEDICAL SOCIETY.

J.E. CULLENS, JR., EDWARD J. WALTERS, JR., DARREL J. PAPILLION, DAVID ABBOUD
THOMAS, BATON ROUGE, LA, AND PATRICK N. BROYLES, BATON ROUGE, LA, ATTORNEYS FOR
DEFENDANTS-APPELLEES, STATE OF LOUISIANA, THE STATE OF LOUISIANA THROUGH THE
DEPARTMENT OF INSURANCE AND JAMES J. DONELON IN HIS CAPACITY AS COMMISSIONER OF
THE LOUISIANA DEPARTMENT OF INSURANCE.

JUDGES: BEFORE: PARRO, KUHN, PETTIGREW, McDONALD, McCLENDON, WELCH,
HIGGINBOTHAM, CRAIN, THERIOT, AND DRAKE, JJ. McDONALD J., DISSENTS AND ASSIGNS
REASONS. WELCH J. dissent for reasons assigned by Judge Mr. Donald THERIOT, J.
Concurs for the reasons assigned by Judge Kuhn. KUTH, J. concurs & ASSIGNS
REASONS, Higginbotham, J. Concurs for same reasons as J Kuhn. Parro, J. dissent
for the reasons assigned by jugde Crain. Grain, J, dissents and assign reasons.
McCLENDON, J. Concurs [**2]  for the reasons assigned by Jugde Kuhn.

OPINION BY: PETTIGREW

OPINION

 [*678]  [Pg 2] PETTIGREW, J.

In this appeal, plaintiffs challenge the trial court's judgment, granting
summary judgment in favor of defendants and dismissing, with prejudice,
plaintiffs' petition for preliminary and permanent injunction and declaratory
relief. For the reasons that follow, we reverse in part, vacate in part, and
remand for further proceedings.

FACTS AND PROCEDURAL HISTORY

The facts of this case are not in dispute. On August 29, 2012, Governor Bobby
Jindal issued Executive Order No. BJ 2012-16 ("Executive Order"), to provide for
the "LIMITED TRANSFER OF AUTHORITY TO COMMISSIONER OF INSURANCE FOR EMERGENCY
RULES FOR HURRICANE ISAAC." The Executive Order provided, in pertinent part, as
follows:


     WHEREAS, in accordance with R.S.29:724,1 the Governor may suspend the
     [*679]  provisions of any regulatory statute prescribing the
     procedures for conduct of state business, or the orders, rules, or [Pg
     3] regulations of any state agency, if strict compliance with the
     provisions of any statute, order, rule, or regulation would in any way
     prevent, hinder, or delay necessary action in coping with the
     emergency;

     WHEREAS, families and businesses may have suffered damages [**3]  due
     to Hurricane Isaac and its aftermath or may have to relocate
     temporarily due to mandatory or voluntary evacuations and/or damage to
     their dwellings or offices;

     WHEREAS, in addition to the displacement of citizens and disruption of
     business operations, Hurricane Isaac may cause interruption of
     communications, including phone service, internet service, and
     delivery of mail in numerous areas throughout Louisiana;

     WHEREAS, in the ordinary course of business, insurance companies send
     notices to their insureds, many of which are required by law to be
     responded to within specified time limits with consequences for
     failure to do so;

     WHEREAS, State law also provides requirements for the approval and
     denial of claims by insurers, though compliance may not [be] practical
     or possible;

     WHEREAS, Commissioner of Insurance James J. Donelon has advised the
     Governor that citizens in Louisiana are at risk with regard to any and
     all kinds of insurance; and

     WHEREAS, Commissioner of Insurance James J. Donelon has requested that
     the Governor authorize him to suspend laws regarding legal deadlines
     and certain processes and procedures applicable to Louisiana citizens
     who on 12:01 A.M., August 26, 2012, resided [**4]  in certain
     parishes, regarding any and all insurance matters, including but not
     limited to flood insurance, homeowners insurance, life insurance,
     health and accident insurance, limited benefit in surance, vehicle
     insurance, liability insurance, workers' compensation insurance,
     burglary and forgery insurance, glass insurance, fidelity and surety
     insurance, title insurance, fire and extended coverage insurance,
     steam boiler and sprinkler leakage insurance, crop and livestock
     insurance, marine and transportation insurance, credit life insurance,
     medical supplement insurance, credit property and casualty insurance,
     annuity insurance, HMOs, professional and medical malpractice
     liability insurance, property and casualty insurance, all surplus
     lines insurance, self insurance funds, disability insurance,
     reciprocal insurance, long term  [*680]  care insurance, short term
     health insurance, stop loss insurance, excess loss insurance,
     commercial general insurance, Medicare supplement insurance, preferred
     provider organizations, managed care organizations and any and all
     other insurance related entities licensed by the Commissioner or doing
     business in Louisiana;

     NOW THEREFORE I, BOBBY JINDAL, Governor [**5]  of the State of
     Louisiana, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution
     and laws of the State of Louisiana, do hereby order and direct as
     follows:

     SECTION 1: Commissioner of Insurance James J. Donelon shall have
     limited transfer of authority to act only according to the
     requirements for implementation of Emergency Rule 26, Title 37. The
     Governor's authority pursuant to R.S. 29:724 to suspend provisions of
     any [Pg 4] regulatory statute prescribing the procedures for, conduct
     of State business, or the orders, rules or regulations or the
     Department of Insurance is transferred to Commissioner of Insurance
     James J. Donelon for purposes of enacting and enforcing Emergency Rule
     26; Title 37.

     SECTION 2: This limited transfer of authority referenced in Section 1
     specifically includes but is not limited to the authority to suspend
     applicable statutes, issue any rules, regulations, and directives or
     take any other action that Commissioner James J, Donelan deems
     necessary for purposes of Emergency Rule No. 26 to protect the public
     health, safety, and welfare of the citizens of Louisiana who were
     affected by Hurricane Isaac and on 12:01 AM, August 26, 2012, resided
     in those parishes of Louisiana specified [**6]  in Emergency Rule No.
     26.

     SECTION 3: Any rules, regulations, directives or any other actions
     taken by Commissioner of Insurance James J. Donelon to effectuate
     Emergency Rule No. 26 shall have the full force and effect as if said
     rules, regulations, directives or any other actions were, issued by
     the Governor of the State of Louisiana.

     SECTION 4: The Governor of the State of Louisiana shall retain his
     power, coterminous with the power transferred to Commissioner of
     Insurance James J. Donelon, to issue any rules, regulations,
     directives or take any other actions with regard. to any, and all
     insurance matters necessary to protect the public health, safety and
     welfare of the citizens of Louisiana.

     SECTION 5: This limited transfer of authority shall remain in full
     force and effect for the duration of Emergency Rule No. 26, which is
     until September 25, 2012.

     . . . .




- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 As part of the Louisiana Homeland Security and Emergency Assistance and
Disaster Act ("HSEDA"), La. R.S. 29:724 provides, in pertinent part, as follows,
with respect to the powers of the governor during a state of emergency:


      [HN1] A. The governor is responsible for meeting the dangers to the
     state and people presented by emergencies or disasters, and in [**7]
     order to effectuate the provisions of this Chapter, the governor may
     issue executive orders, proclamations, and regulations and amend or
     rescind them. Executive orders, proclamations, and regulations so
     issued shall have the force and effect of law.

     . . . .

     D. In addition to any other powers conferred upon the governor by law,
     he may do any or all of the following:

     (1) Suspend the provisions of any regulatory statute prescribing the
     procedures for conduct of state business, or the orders, rules, or
     regulations of any state agency, if strict compliance with the
     provisions of any statute, order, rule, or regulation would in any way
     prevent, hinder, or delay necessary action in coping with the
     emergency.

     (2) Utilize all available resources of the state government and of
     each political subdivision of the state as reasonably necessary to
     cope with the disaster or emergency.

     (3) Transfer the direction, personnel, or functions of state
     departments and agencies or units thereof for the purpose of
     performing or facilitating emergency services.

     (4) Subject to any applicable requirements for compensation,
     commandeer or utilize any private property if he finds this necessary
     to cope with the disaster [**8]  or emergency.

     (5) Prescribe routes, modes of transportation, and destination in
     connection with evacuation.

     (6) Suspend or limit the sale, dispensing, or transportation of
     alcoholic beverages, firearms, explosives, and combustibles.

     (7) Make provision for the availability and use of temporary emergency
     housing.



- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Relying upon the transfer of authority from Governor Jindal, the State of
Louisiana through the Department of Insurance, and James J. Donelon, in his
capacity as Commissioner of the Department of Insurance (the "Commissioner")
(collectively "the Department"), promulgated Emergency Rule 26 ("Rule 26"),
which in pertinent part, temporarily banned the practice of "balance billing" by
out-of-network health care providers as discussed in detail below.2 Pursuant to
§4767 of Rule 26, it  [*681]  became effective at 12:01 a.m. on August 26, 2012,
and was "in full force and effect until 12:01 a.m. [Pg 5] September 25, 2012,"
As originally implemented Rule 26 did not contain any geographical limitations.
Specifically, §4701(A) provided as follows:


     The benefits, entitlements and protections of Emergency Rule 26 shall
     be applicable to insureds who, as of 12:01 a.m. on August 26, 2012,
     had a policy, insurance [**9]  contract or certificate of coverage for
     any of the types of insurance enumerated in §4703 and reside in the
     state of Louisiana. Insureds shali include, but not be limited to, any
     and all policyholders, members, subscribers, enrollees and certificate
     holders.


However, this statewide version of Rule 26 was only in place from August 26,
2012 through September 8, 2012, when Rule 26 was amended by the Commissioner. As
set forth in §4701(B), as amended, Rule 26's applicability after September 8,
2012, was limited to insureds who resided in certain parishes and who gave
written notice before September 25, 2012, to their insurers of the impact
inflicted upon them as a result of Hurricane Isaac.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2  [HN2] "Balance billing" is defined as follows:


     [A]ny written or electronic communication by a non-contracted health
     care provider that appears to attempt to collect from an enrollee or
     insured any amount for covered, none covered, and out-of-network
     health care services received by the enrollee or insured from the
     non-contracted health care provider that is not fully paid by the
     enrollee or insured, or the health insurance issuer.


La. R.S. 22:1880(A)(1).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The majority of Rule 26 only suspended statutory and regulatory provisions
concerning [**10]  cancellations, non-renewals, reinstatements, premium
payments, and claim filings regarding any and all insurance matters caused by
Hurricane Isaac and affecting insureds in certain parishes, However, §§4719 and
4721, which are at issue herein, appeared to go a bit further,

The provisions of §4719, entitled "Emergency Health Care Services," provided as
follows:


     A. R.S. 22:1821 et seq., remains in effect regarding all health
     insurance issuers, HMOs,PPOs, MCOs, PBMs or TPAs, and any other health
     insurance entities doing business in louisiana or regulated by the
     commissioner, and any and all other health insurance regulated by the
     Louisiana Insurance Code, Emergency services claims shall be covered
     as if in-network and health care professionels and health care
     providers shall be reimbursed in accordance with the Patient
     Protection and Affordable Care Act specifically, section 2719A and 75
     FR 37188 and health care professionals and health care provider's
     shall be prohibited from balance billing the insured, policyholder,
     member, subscriber, enrollee and certificate holder.



Further, the provisions of §4721, entitled "Compliance with Health Care Consumer
Billing and Protection Act," provided as follows:


     A. All health [**11]  care professionals and health care providers
     rendering services to an insured in the state of Louisiana shall
     comply with the Health Care Consumer Billing and Protection Act
     pursuant to R.S. 22:1871, et seq. Health care providers and/or health
     care professionals who file a [Pg 6] claim and/or accept payment for
     non-elective health care services and emergency health care services
     shall have legally released the insureds from any further financial
     obligation for the health care services rendered. Health care
     providers and/or health care professionals shall be deemed to have
     released; discharged and waived any and all rights to take any legal
     action or redress, either in person or via transeer, assignment or
     subrogation, to collect any unpaid accounts front insureds and/or
     health insurance issuers, HMOs, PPOs, MCOs, PBMs or TPAs or any or all
     other health insurance entities doing  [*682]  business in Louisiana
     or regulated by the commissioner. Any violation by health care
     providers and/or health care professionals of this provision may be
     deemed an unfair trade practice under R.S. 22:1871 et seq. and may be
     referred to the Louisiana Attorney General. The Louisiana Attorney
     General may pursue remedies as provided for [**12]  in R.S. 51:1401 et
     seq.



In response to Rule 26, the Louisiana Hospital Association and the Louisiana
State Medical Society (collectively referred to as "LHA") filed the instant
petition for preliminary and permanent injunction and declaratory relief against
the Department, challenging the constitutionality of §§4719 and 4721. LHA argued
that the provisions of Rule 26, and specifically §§4719 and 4721, were
unconstitutional in the following, non-exclusive respects: 1) the authority
granted to Governor Jindal by La. R.S. 29:724 does not authorize the governor,
or any transferee, to make substantive, affirmative law; 2) the authority
granted to Governor Jindal by La. RS. 29:724 is non-transferable and the
Executive Order relied upon by the Department is without effect; 3) the
provisions of §§4719 and 4721 exceed the authority delegated to the Commissioner
by Governor Jindal; 4) the provisions of §§4719 and 4721 exceed the authority
granted to the Commissioner by the louisiana Constitution. and/or the Louisiana
legislature; 5) the promulgation of Rule 26 by the Department is in clear
violation of the separation of powers provisions of the Louisiana Constitution;
and 6) the referenced regulatory sections are in violation of the Louisiana
Contract Clause, Article I, §23 of the Louisiana Constitution.

Thereafter, [**13]  the Department filed a motion for summary judgment, arguing
that LHA's constitutional challenge was unfounded and the petition was ripe for
summary dismissal. The motion filed by the Department was supported by the
following exhibits: (1) a certified copy of Executive Order No. BJ 2012-16; (2)
a certified copy of Rule 26 and a certified copy of Amended Rule 26; (3) a
certified copy of Proclamation No 92 BJ 2012 [Pg 7] (the declaration of a state
of emergency for Tropical Storm Isaac); and (4) the affidavit of David Truax
(Custodian of the official records of the Office of the State Register of the
State of Louisiana) with attached certified copies of various emergency rules
and previous executive orders by Governor Jindal and former Governor Kathleen
Bianco, introduced to show that this was not the first time that a governor had
delegated his authority to the Commissioner in the wake of an emergency.

LHA filed an opposition to the motion for summary judgment, alleging that the
Department, "in purported response to Hurricane Isaac, [has] impermissibly
usurped the exclusive law-making authority, of the Louisiana legislature and
[has] exceeded the authority granted by La. R.S. 29:724 by [**14]  enacting the
disputed provisions of Emergency Rule 26." Arguing that the issue before the
court was purely a legal one, i.e., the constitutionality of §§4719 and 4721 of
Rule, 26, LHA maintained that the matter was appropriate for declaratory relief
in its favor.3

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

3 We note that LHA subsequently filed its own motion for summary judgment,
seeking a judgment in its favor prohibiting the Department from implementing and
enforcing Rule 26 and declaring Rule 26 unconstitutional and unenforceable.
However, LHA's motion was not filed until four days before the hearing on the
Department's motion for summary judgment. Accordingly, LHA's motion was not
heard by the trial court as a cross motion for summary judgment, which would be
the normal course and procedure, and is not before us on review.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

 [*683]  Following a January 14, 2013 hearing on the motion for summary
judgment, the trial court granted the Department's motion, dismissing, with
prejudice, LHA's petition for preliminary and permanent injunction and
declaratory relief in its entirety. In oral reasons for judgment, the trial
court noted as follows:


     This court is firmly of the opinion that the governor of this state,
     as the chief executive officer, [**15]  has the constitutional power
     and authority to act in cases of emergency declared through his
     subordinates, through his cabinet level, and it may occasion some
     abrogation of certain clauses in certain contracts wherein the safety,
     public safety, and health, and other concerns of the citizens have to
     be balanced against the exercise at that rate at that juncture. And
     the legislature has provided an orderly delegation, which is
     [constitutionally] permissible from the most plenary of branches to
     the executive or the administration. The executive acted
     appropriately, a thirty day period, twenty-three jurisdictions to
     provide within its delegation as well as the police power, a schematic
     design that did not forever more and henceforth impair the obligation
     of an existing contract. The governor, as the chief executive, may
     have delegated it to the commissioner of insurance. He could have also
     delegated it to the treasurer, might have delegated it to the -- well,
     I won't go that far, but he might have delegated it otherwise. But in
     any event, this court is of [Pg 8] the opinion that the exercise of
     their powers are constitutional[,] the plaintiffs [sic] have
     established [a] prima facie showing; [**16]  and they're entitled to
     summary judgment. The court grants it.


A judgment in accordance with these findings was signed by the trial court on
February 20, 2013.4 It is from this judgment that LHA has appealed" assigning
the following specifications of error:
     1. The trial court erred when it sanctioned the promulgation of §§4719
     and 4721 of Emergency Rule 26 by the Department of Insurance, which is
     a direct violation of the separation of powers provisions of the
     Louisiana Constitution of 1974.

     2. The trial court erred when it approved the, enactment of the
     substantive provisions of §§4719 and 4721 of Emergency Rule 26 by the
     Department of Insurance, the enactment of which exceeds the authority
     granted by the Legislature pursuant to La. R.S. 29:724.

     3. The trial court erred when it found that the authority to enact
     substantive law, as contained in §§4719 and 4721 of Emergency Rule 26,
     to be within the authority delegated to the Department of Insurance by
     Executive Order, No. BJ 2012-16.

     4. The trial court erred in failing to find that §§4719 and 4721 of
     Emergency Rule 26, promulgated by the Department of Insurance,
     violated the provisions [*684]  of Louisiana's Contract Clause (La.
     Const. art. I, §23).




- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

4 On May 13, 2014, during [**17]  the pendency of this appeal, the Department
filed with this court a "Peremptory Exception Of Lack Of Standing Or, In The
Alternative Motion To Dismiss Or Remand." Filing a peremptory exception for the
first time on appeal is permitted by La. Code Civ. P. art. 2163. However,
Article 2163 makes consideration of such an exception discretionary with the
appellate court. Southern States Masonry, Inc. v. J.A. Jones Constr. Co., 507
So.2d 198, 207 (La, 1987). Given the lateness of the filing herein, we decline
to exercise our discretionary authority to consider the Department exception
filed for the first time on appeal. The facts underlying the exception have
existed since the inception of the litigation, but inexplicably, were not
complained of until after the matter was on appeal. We find it would not be in
the interest of justice or judicial efficiency to address and decide the
exception at this juncture. Accordingly, we decline to do so.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


DECLARATORY RELIEF

 [HN3] Louisiana Code of Civil Procedure article, 1871 authorizes the judicial
declaration of "rights, status, and other legal relations whether or not further
relief is or could be claimed." A declaratory judgment is one that simply
establishes the rights of the parties or expresses the opinion of the court on a
question of law without ordering anything to be done, [**18]  and its
distinctive characteristic is that the declaration stands by itself with no
executory process following as a matter of course, so that it is distinguished
from a direct action in that it does not seek execution or performance from the
defendant or [Pg 9] the opposing litigants. Lemoine v. Baton Rouge Physical
Therapy, L.L.P., 2013-0404, p. 4 (La, App. 1 Cir. 2013), 135 So.3d 771, 773,
writ denied, 2014-0201 (La. 4/4/14), 135 So.3d 1182.

The trial court's February 20, 2013 Judgment provided, in pertinent part, as
follows:


     IT IS HEREBY ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that defendants' Motion
     for Summary Judgment be and hereby is GRANTED, as there are no genuine
     issues of material fact that preclude Final Judgment in favor of THE
     STATE OF LOUISIANA, THE LOUISIANA DEPARTMENT OF INSURANCE AND JAMES J.
     DONELON IN HIS CAPACITY AS COMMISSIONER OF THE LOUISIANA DEPARTMENT OF
     INSURANCE;

     IT IS HEREBY FURTHER, ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that plaintiffs'
     PETITION FOR PRELIMINARY AND PERMANENT INJUNCTION AND DECLARATORY
     RELIEF be and hereby is DISMISSED WITH PREJUDICE in its entirety;

     IT IS HEREBY FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED AND DECREED that this ruling be
     and hereby is deemed a FINAL JUDGMENT, as it resolves all issued in
     the above-captioned matter between the parties[.] [**19]


Although a liberal interpretation of what the trial court accomplished in this
judgment could allow one to infer that the trial court, by virtue of granting
the Department's motion for summary judgment and dismissing, with prejudice,
LHA's petition for declaratory relief, implicitly denied LHA's request for a
declaration that §§4719 and 4721 of Rule 26 were unconstitutional and therefore
void and unenforceable, we find it was legal error on the part of the trial
court not to specifically declare the rights of the parties in the February 20,
2013 judgment. Nevertheless, as  [HN4] an appellate court, we are empowered to
render any judgment that is just and proper upon he record, La. Code Civ. P. art
2164.

The character of the underlying action herein was one for declaratory judgment
and permanent injunction. However, the judgment before the courton appeal was
rendered pursuant to a motion for summary judgment. Thus, our review is pursuant
to the summary judgment standard. See Carrollton Presbyterian Church v.
Presbytery of South Louisiana of Presbyterian Church (USA), 2011-0205, p. 6 [Pg
10] (La. App. 1 Cir. 9/14/11), 77 So.3d 975, 978 writ denied, 2011-2590 (La.
2/17/12), 82 So.3d 285, cert denied,     U.S.     133 S.Ct. 150, 184 L.Ed.2d 32
(2012).

STANDARD OF REVIEW AND GENERAL PRINCIPLES OF SUMMARY JUDGMENT

 [HN5] Summary judgment is subject to de novo [**20]  review on appeal, using
the same  [*685]  standards applicable to the trial court's determination of the
issues. Berard v. L-3 Communications Vertex Aerospace, LLC, 2009-1202, p. 5 (La.
App. 1 Cir. 2/12/10), 35 So.3d 334, 339-340, writ denied, 2010-0715 (La.
6/4/10), 38 So.3d 302. The summary judgment procedure is expressly favored in
the law and is designed to secure the just, speedy, and inexpensive
determination of non-domestic civil actions. La. Code Civ. P. art. 966(A)(2).
Its purpose is to pierce the pleadings and to assess the proof in order to see
whether there is a genuine need for trial. Hines v. Garrett, 2004-0806, p. 7
(La. 6/25/04), 876 So.2d 764, 769 (per curiam). Summary judgment is appropriate
if the pleadings, depositions, answers to interrogatories, admissions, and
affidavits in the record show that there is no genuine issue as to material fact
and that the mover is entitled to judgment as a matter of law. La. Code Civ. P.
art. 966(B).

[HN6] In ruling on a motion for summary judgment, the judge's role is not to
evaluate the weight of the evidence or to determine the truth of the matter, but
instead to determine whether there is a genuine issue of triable fact. Hines,
2004-0806 at 1, 876 So.2d at 765. Despite the legislative mandate that summary
judgments are now favored, factual inferences reasonably drawn from the,
evidence must be construed in favor of the party opposing the motion, and all
doubt must be resolved in the opponent's favor. Willis v. Medders, 2000-2507, p.
2 (La. 12/8/00), 775 So.2d 1049, 1050 (per curiam).

After a thorough [**21]  review of the record before us, we note that the
material facts of this case are not in dispute. The real issue before us is
whether the trial court correctly interpreted and applied the law"  [HN7]
Appellate review of questions of law is simply a review of whether the trial
court was legally correct or legally incorrect. City of Baker School Bd. v. East
Baton Rouge Parish School Bd., 99-2505, p. 2 (La. App. [Pg 11] 1 Cir. 2/18/00),
754 So.2d 291, 292, On legal issues, the appellate court gives no weight to the
findings of the trial court, but exercises its constitutional duty to review
questions of law and renders judgment on the record, Northwest Louisiana
Production Credit Ass'n v. State, Dept. of Revenue and Taxation, 98-1995, p. 3
(La. App. 1 Cir. 11/5/99), 746 So.2d 280, 282,

LAW AND ANALYSIS

On appeal, LHA argues that the "language of La. R.S. 29:724 makes it clear that
the legislature did not grant the Governor limitless power to make substantive
law. Thus, the Governor had no such authority to transfer to the [Department]."
Pointing to Section (D) of La. R.S. 29:724 and the enumerated powers set forth
therein, LHA maintains that there is no provision in the statute that permits
the governor to enact any substantive law that the governor deems appropriate.
Rather, LHA alleges that when all the powers granted to the governor in Section
(D) are read in para materia, it is [**22]  clear that the legislature intended
to give the governor the authority to quickly respond to and cope with the
practical realities that can occur during any given emergency. LHA argues that
balance billing is not a scenario created by an emergency situation, but rather,
a legislatively endorsed practice that applies to all insureds every day. LHA
adds that "Rule 26's revocation of out-of-network provider's statutorily
protected right to seek payment for services rendered does not enhance the
ability of the State or the Governor to respond to any emergency caused by
Hurricane Isaac." Noting that the Department's attempt to legislatively prevent
balance billing is not necessary to "cope with an  [*686]  emergency," LHA
asserts the Departments exercise of authority beyond the scope of La. R.S.
29:724(D) is unauthorized and unconstitutional.

Citing La. R.S. 29:722, the Department argues in response:


     Reading La. R.S. 29:724 together with La. R.S. 29:722, it is apparent
     that Governor Jindal was legally authorized to issue executive orders
     "to ensure that preparations of [the state of Louisiana would] be
     adequate to deal with [Hurricane Isaac]," "to...prevent, prepare
     for,...respond to, or recover from" Hurricane Isaac, and "generally to
     preserve the lives and [**23]  property of the people of the state of
     Louisiana." Governor Jindal was also legally authorized to issue
     executive orders "to reduce vulnerability of people and communities of
     [the state of Louisiana] to damage, injury, and loss of life and
     property resulting from" Hurricane [Pg 12] Isaac. And he was
     authorized to issue executive orders "to prepare for prompt and
     efficient...treatment of persons victimized or threatened by"
     Hurricane Isaac.

     Considering the scope of the emergency powers that the legislature
     granted to the governor during state deastersr Governor Jindal was
     acting well within his authority under HSEDA to issue an executive
     order temporarily banning out-of-network [health care providers] from
     balance billing Louisiana insureds in the immediate aftermath of
     Hurricane Isaac.



 [HN8] The fundamental question in all cases of statutory interpretation is
legislative intent and the ascertainment of the reason or reasons that prompted
the legislature to enact the law. In re Succession of Boyter, 99-0761, p. 9 (La.
1/7/00), 756 So.2d 1122, 1128. The rules of statutory construction are designed
to ascertain and enforce the intent of the legislature. Id.; Stogner v. Stogner,
98-3044, p. 5 (La. 7/7/99), 739 So.2d 762, 766. Legislation is the solemn
expression of legislative will, and therefore, interpretation of a law involves
primarily [**24]  a search for the legislature's intent. La. R.S. 1:4; La. Civ.
Code art. 2; Conerly v. State, 97-0871, p. 3 (La. 7/8/98), 714 So.2d 709, 710.
When a law is clear and unambiguous and its application does not lead to absurd
consequences, the law shall be applied as written and no further interpretation
may be made in search of the intent of the legislature. La. Civ. Code art. 9;
Conerly, 97-0871 at 3, 714 So.2d at 710.

[HN9] The meaning and intent of a law is determined by considering the law in
its entirety and all other laws on the same subject matter and placing a
construction on the provision in question that is consistent with the express
terms of the law and with the obvious intent of the legislature in enacting it.
Boyter, 99-0761 at 9, 756 So.2d at 1129; Stogner, 98-3044 at 5, 739 So.2d at 766
. The statute must, therefore, be applied and interpreted in a manner that is
consistent with logic and the presumed fair purpose and intention of the
legislature in passing it. Boyter, 99-0761 at 9, 756 So.2d at 1129. This is
because the rules of statutory construction require that the general intent and
purpose of the legislature in enacting the law must, if possible, be given
effect. Id.; Backhus v. Transit Cas. Co., 549 So.2d 283, 289 (La. 1989). It is
presumed the intent of the legislature is to achieve a consistent body of law,
Stogner, 98-3044 at 5, 739 So.2d at 766.

[Pg 13]  [HN10] In La. R.S. 29:721, et seq., the Legislature enacted the HSEDA.
The [**25]  legislature enacted the HSEDA to enable the governor and parish
presidents to declare a state of emergency for the stated purposes of, among
other things, preserving the lives and property of the state, reducing  [*687]
vulnerability of people and communities to damage, injury and loss of life and
property resulting from a natural or man-made catastrophe, providing for the
orderly start of restoration of persons and property affected by the emergency
or disaster, coordinating activities relating to response and recovery among the
different participatory agencies, and coordinating resources with the federal
government, other states, and private agencies in order to effectively deal with
the emergency or disaster. La. R.S. 29:722, 724, and 727; see State v. Pearson,
2007-332, pp. 9-19 (La. App. 5 Cir. 12/27/07), 975 So.2d 646, 652.

[HN11] Reading the HSEDA as a whole, it is clear that the, legislature did not
intend to convey legislative authority upon the governor during a state of
emergency. As previously indicated, La. R.S. 29:724(A) permits the governor to
issue executive orders, proclamations, and regulations to "effectuate the
provisions of [the HSEDA]." The specific powers granted to the governor under
the HSEDA are set out in La. R.S. 29:724(D). While Section (D)(1) permits the
governor to "[s]uspend the [**26]  provisions of any regulatory statute
prescribing the procedures for conduct of state business ... if strict
compliance with the provisions of any statute, order, rule, or regulation would
in any way prevent, hinder, or delay necessary action in coping with the
emergency," there is no provision in La. R.S. 29:724 that permits the governor
to enact substantive law. (Emphasis added.) As pointed out by LHA in brief to
this court, had the legislature deemed it appropriate for the governor to enact
substantive legislation, it could have easily included same in the series of
items designated in La. R.S. 29:724(D).  [HN12] This court must apply the
well-settled doctrine of statutory construction, expressio unius et exclusio
alterius, which teaches us that when the legislature specifically enumerates a
series of things, the legislature's omission of other items, which could have
been easily included in the statute, is deemed intentional. Sensebe v. Canal
Indem. Co., 2010-0703, p. 16 (La. 1/28/11), 58 So.3d 441, 451.

[Pg 14] As Governor Jindal had no authority pursuant to La. R.S. 29:724 to enact
substantive law, he had no such authority to transfer to the Department. Thus,
we find that by enacting §§4719 and 4721 of Rule 26r the Department exceeded the
authority granted by the legislature pursuant to La. R.S. 29:724. Accordingly,
summary [**27]  judgment in favor of the Department was inappropriate.5
Therefore, we reverse that portion of the trial court's judgment granting
summary judgment in favor of the Department. We further vacate that portion of
the judgment denying the preliminary and permanent injunction and remand this
matter to the trial court for further proceedings.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

5  [HN13] Courts should avoid constitutional rulings when a case can be decided
on the basis of non-constitutional issues. UTELCOM, Inc. v. Bridges, 2010-0654,
p. 12 (La. App. 1 Cir. 9/12/11), 77 So.3d 39, 50, writ denied, 2011-2632 (La.
3/2/12), 83 So.3d 1046. Because we have determined that the Department exceeded
its authority in enacting §§4719 and 4721 of Rule 26, the issues raised by LHA
concerning the separation of powers provisions of the Louisiana Constitution and
the Contract Clause, La. Const art. I, §23, are not essential to the
determination of the issues before this court. Accordingly, the constitutional
issues are pretermitted.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


CONCLUSION

For the above and foregoing reasons, we reverse that portion of the trial
court's February 20, 2013 judgment granting summary judgment in favor of the
Department; and we vacate that portion of the judgment denying the preliminary
and permanent injunction and remand this  [*688]  matter for further proceedings
consistent with this opinion. Appeal costs in the amount of $1,598.50 are
assessed against the Department. [**28]

REVERSED IN PART; VACATED IN PART; REMANDED.

CONCUR BY: KUHN

CONCUR

[Pg 15] KUHN, J., concurring.

Because I agree with the reversal and remand of this case, I concur in the
result. But I believe the holding -- that since Governor Jindal had no authority
to enact substantive law, he had no authority to transfer such power to the
Department of Insurance; and as such, the Department exceeded any authority
given under La. R.S. 29:724 to enact sections 4719 and 4721 of Rule 26 -- is
dicta.

La. C.C.P. art. 1871 permits courts to declare the rights, status, and other
legal relations of the parties. A person whose rights, status, or other legal
relations are affected by, among other things, an emergency rule may have any
question of construction or validity arising under that rule determined; and may
obtain a declaration of rights, status, or other legal relations thereunder. See
La. C.C.P. art. 1872. (Emphasis added.) There is no prohibition against granting
summary judgment in an action for declaratory judgment. See e.g., Lemoine v.
Baton Rouge Physical Therapy, L.L.P., 2013-0404 (La. App. 1st Cir. 12/27/13),
135 So.3d 771, writ denied, 2014-0201 (La. 4/4/14), 135 So.3d 1182 (affirming
the trial court's declaration as valid certain non-competition provisions in a
partnership agreement). But in granting summary judgment, where there are no
genuine issues of material fact to be resolved, the court is tasked [**29]  with
the assignment of declaring questions of construction or validity of, among
other things, the emergency rule. See Nosser v. Health Care Trust Fund Bd. of
City of Shreveport, 27,619 (La. [Pg 16] App. 2d Cir. 1/24/96), 666 So.2d 1272,
1278; see also La. C.C.P. arts. 966, 1871 and 1872.

In this case, the trial court issued a judgment that merely states that summary
judgment in favor of the State is "GRANTED as there are no genuine issues of
material fact that preclude Final Judgment in favor of THE STATE" without
expressly declaring anything and, more specifically, without stating the
"rights, status, and other legal relations" between the Louisiana Hospital
Association and the Louisiana Medical Society (collectively LHA) and the State
of Louisiana as it was required to do when rendering a declaratory judgment.
Thus, the reversal of the trial court's judgment and remand of the matter to the
trial court is correct. On remand, the trial court should articulate the
parties' rights, status, and legal relations to support its legal conclusion
that LHA is not entitled to the declaration that sections 4719 and 4721 of Rule
26 were illegally promulgated and/or unconstitutional. Accordingly, I concur in
the result.

DISSENT BY: CRAIN, McDONALD

DISSENT

[Pg 17] [**30]  CRAIN, J., dissenting.

[*689]  Louisiana courts are limited in their subject matter jurisdiction to
justiciable controversies, and are not empowered to render advisory opinions.
See Cat's Meow, Inc. v. City of New Orleans, through the Department of Finance,
98-0601 (La. 10/20/98), 720 So. 2d 1186, 1193. A "justiciable controversy" is
one presenting an existing actual and substantial dispute involving the legal
relations of parties who have real adverse interests and upon whom the judgment
of the court may effectively operate through a decree of conclusive character.
Tobin v. Jindal, 11-0838 (La. App. 1 Cir. 2/10/12), 91 So. 3d 317, 321. In this
case, plaintiff seeks to have certain sections of an emergency rule issued by
the Commissioner of Insurance declared unconstitutional. However, it is
undisputed that the emergency rule is no longer in effect, and plaintiff has not
alleged that any of its members were adversely affected by the emergency rule.
Therefore, it appears that plaintiff is seeking an advisory opinion regarding
the authority of the governor to delegate powers to the Commissioner of
Insurance, and the scope of that authority, which might have effect in future
emergency situations. Accordingly, I would vacate the trial court's judgment for
lack of jurisdiction and dismiss the appeal.

[Pg 18] McDONALD, J. [**31]  DISSENTING:

I disagree with the majority in this case, because I do not think the executive
branch exceeded the express statutory delegation of lawmaking authority
conferred upon it by the Louisiana Homeland Security and Emergency Assistance
and Disaster Act (HSEADA), La. R.S. 29:721, et seq.

The executive branch may execute legislative functions if the legislature
expressly so delegates in a statute. State v. Miller, 2003-0206 (La. 10/21/03),
857 So.2d 423, 428. The HSEADA allows the governor of Louisiana to declare a
state of emergency to protect Louisiana citizens. La. R.S. 29:722. To accomplish
this goal, the HSEADA expressly delegates lawmaking authority to the executive
branch by giving the governor the authority "to issue executive orders,
proclamations, and regulations" to effectuate the provisions of the HSEADA. La.
R.S. 29:724(A). The Governor's authority includes the power to suspend
regulatory statutes or agency orders, rules, etc., under La. R.S. 29:724(D), but
is not limited to the suspension of such regulatory statutes or agency orders,
etc. under that statute. Thus, contrary to the majority finding that "there is
no provision in La. R.S. 29:724 that permits the governor to enact substantive
law," I interpret La. R.S.29:724(A)'s grant of authority to the governor "to
issue executive orders, proclamations, and regulations" to be an express [**32]
delegation of lawmaking authority which is in addition to La. R.S.
29:724(D)(1)'s authority to suspend regulatory statutes or agency orders, rules,
etc.

[Pg 19] Further, a delegation of legislative authority to the executive branch
is constitutional, and is not a violation of the separation of powers doctrine,
provided the legislature statutorily establishes standards for the guidance of
the executive or administrative body or officer so that the executive is not
vested with arbitrary discretion. Miller, 857 So.2d at 427. In this case,
Governor Jindal issued Executive Order No. BJ 2012-16, transferring his
authority to Commissioner Donelon to implement Rule 26 (see § 1 of the executive
order) and giving Commissioner Donelon authority to suspend statutes and to
issue rules necessary for Rule 26 and to protect the public health (see section
§2 of the executive order). As part of this authority, Commissioner Donelon
promulgated Sections §§4719 and 4721 (as amended),  [*690]  temporarily banning
out of network providers from balance billing Louisiana insureds (limited to
those insureds in 23 parishes and who gave specific notice to their insurers)
for the limited time period of September 8 through September 25, 2012. Given the
narrow application [**33]  of section §§4719 and 4721, which evidenced a
reasonable exercise of discretion, and considering the scope of the emergency
powers the legislature granted to the governor during state disasters, I think
Governor Jindal, through his delegee Commissioner Donelon, was well within his
authority under the HSEADA, to take this action in the aftermath of Hurricane
Isaac.

For these reasons, I respectfully dissent.


                              507 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            April 21, 2012 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

New agriculture policy in wings; Ritz says he's ready to deliver

BYLINE: Will Chabun, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 458  words


Federal legislation that could potentially hold railway companies' feet to the
fire over efficient shipping of Canadian crops could be coming soon, federal
Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz said Friday.

Ritz used a news conference at the end of a summit of agriculture ministers to
say his department, Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, has already set up a
high-level working group to deliver on his promise that the federal government
would require all players in agriculture to "come to the table" to increase
efficiencies in shipping.

Ritz said the legislation will be introduced by the federal transport minister,
not himself. And, as for the timing of its introduction in Parliament, said
"from our standpoint we'd prefer to see it sooner rather than later."

He said the railways have claimed they can deal with this issue on their own,
but added that if they do, "then we'll never have to use that tool that's in the
toolkit - but I assured them it's there."

Saskatchewan's agriculture minister, Bob Bjornerud, said he was not surprised to
hear the remarks from Ritz.

"He's been doing it a lot; it was good to hear it from him," said Bjornerud, who
was attending his last summit before retiring from cabinet.

Looking farther ahead, Ritz said there's a case to be made for a
livestock-insurance policy, noting that the cattle industry has told his
government, "it's unhappy with a lot of the livestock elements" in the existing
AgriStability program, adding he was impressed by a pilot program in this area
taking place in Alberta.

Ritz also said this week's summit represented the final stage before the federal
government moves to begin adopting its new agricultural-policy framework.

He hopes to have a signed agreement on this with the provinces at a meeting in
September.

Asked about the details, Ritz said it will continue the government's general
approach that the agricultural industry should look toward "the marketplace, not
the mailbox," referring to past support programs, and added there would be more
flexibility for the provinces to assist and strengthen agriculture within their
own borders.

A lull in natural and market problems is giving the industry and government a
chance to think about what's going to be needed in business-risk management
(BRM) programs, he added.

Bjornerud said that whoever takes over his post likely will have an easier time
than he did, as both the federal and provincial governments were new in office
five years ago and finding their way, policywise.

He added he's had his disagreements with the federal minister, but - perhaps
because Ritz is from Saskatchewan - "overall he's been good to work with."

Added Bjor nerud: "We don't always get what we want, but we've certainly had
access to him."

wchabun@leaderpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2012 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              June 7, 2015 Sunday

Pakistan: Farmers to get interest-free loans

LENGTH: 354  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, June 7 -- The government has announced some incentives for
agriculture sector in order to boost its productivity and jack-up country's
economy and exports, as it provides livelihood for almost two out of every five
Pakistanis and contribute one-fifth to GDP.

The government 'Credit Guarantee Scheme' announced in the last budget is
operational and the government, through the State Bank of Pakistan will provide
guarantee to commercial, specialised and micro finance banks for up to 50
percent loss sharing. The scheme will cover farmers having up to 5 acres
irrigated and 10 acres non-irrigated land holdings. It will benefit 300,000
farmer households/families with a loan size up to Rs100,000. Total disbursement
under this scheme will be Rs30 billion while the government will have a
contingent budget cost of Rs5 billion. Crop loan insurance scheme is already in
operation and will continue in the future.

To encourage more investments and to incentivise farmers to engage in livestock
development, last year the government announced a scheme for reimbursement of
premium for livestock insurance to mitigate the risk of losses of small
livestock farmers. This scheme is now operational and allows small farmers
having 10 cattle to get this support.

The government has also targeted to provide agriculture credit to farmers to the
tune of Rs600 billion during 2015/16 against Rs500 billion in 2014/15.

Interest-free loans will be provided to farmers for setting up new solar tube
wells or replacing the existing with solar tube wells. Under this scheme it is
proposed to provide mark-up free loans for 30,000 tube wells in the next three
years.

All farmers with landholdings up to 12.5 acres will be eligible to apply for
this loan. A three-year tax holiday has been announced for setting up and
operating cold chain facilities and setting up and operating warehousing
facilities for storage of agriculture produce

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             July 25, 2015 Saturday

Banks over-achieve agri credit target of Rs 500bn in FY15

LENGTH: 741  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, July 25 -- The banks have surpassed the agricultural credit
disbursement target of Rs 500 billion set by the State Bank of Pakistan's (SBPs)
Agricultural Credit Advisory Committee (ACAC) for the financial year (FY) 2015,
which was 28% higher than the actual agri credit disbursement of Rs 391 billion
in FY14.

The commercial banks have disbursed Rs 515.9 billion, which is Rs 15.9 billion
in excess of the target set for FY15 and 31.8% higher than last year's
disbursements.

Growth was also recorded in the agri outstanding portfolio which stands at Rs
335.2 billion at the end of June, showing an increase of Rs 45 billion (15.5%)
compared with the last year position of Rs 290.3 billion.

The agri credit target of Rs 500 billion in FY15 (28% growth) was ambitious by
any standards, given the higher risk perception of the banks about agri
financing and volatility in the prices of agri produce. Nonetheless, SBP adopted
a multi-pronged strategy for achieving the target which included sensitising the
banks to adopt agri financing as a viable business line, diversification of agri
lending portfolio of banks, increase in per acre credit limits and extending the
scope of eligible items, development of new product eco-system including value
chain financing, and inclusion of Microfinance and Islamic banks for small and
faith sensitive clients.

Further, for deepening agricultural financing outreach, Fast Track Lending
Programme was launched during the year for farm and non-farm activities in
selected districts of the country. In addition, farmers' awareness and financial
literacy programmes were conducted at grass root levels.

The agricultural credit targets have continuously been surpassed since FY
2011-12 with an average growth of 10.8% as compared with 3% growth in
agriculture GDP for the same period.

In addition, to achieving the indicative agri credit target, SBP implemented all
the budgetary initiatives and projects in collaboration with banks during the
year. These include enhancement of the scope of crop loan insurance up to 25
acres, rollout of livestock insurance for small farmers, launch of credit
guarantee scheme for small and marginalized farmers, introduction of warehouse
receipts financing and loans for solar tube-wells.

A detailed review of banks' performance for 2014-15 reveals that five major
banks collectively disbursed agri loans of Rs 262.9 billion or 104.1% of their
annual target of Rs 252.5 billion, which is higher by 34.5% from Rs 195.5
billion disbursed during the corresponding period last year.

Amongst the five major banks, Habib Bank Limited (HBL) has achieved 113 % of its
annual target, Muslim Commercial Bank (MVB) achieved 102.6%, United Bank Limited
(UBL) 101.4%, Allied Bank Limited (ABL) 101.2% and National Bank of Pakistan
(NBP) achieved 100.1 % of its individual annual target.

Among specialised banks, Zarai Taraqiati Bank Limited (ZTBL) disbursed Rs 95.8
billion or 106.5% of its annual target of Rs 90.0 billion while Punjab
Provincial Cooperative Bank Limited (PPCBL) has disbursed Rs 10.5 billion
achieving 91.2% against its target of Rs 11.5 billion during FY15.

Fifteen domestic private banks, as a group, achieved 94.1% of its target. Within
this group, Faysal bank, Bank Alfalah, JS bank, Bank of Khyber, Bank of Punjab
and Standard Chartered Bank were the top performers, surpassing their allocated
annual targets. However, Summit bank achieved 99.6%, Habib Metropolitan 96.2%,
Askari 86%, Soneri bank 85.8%, NIB 85.3%, Sindh bank 80.9%, Bank Al-Habib 72.1%
whereas Silk bank could only achieve 63.1% of their individual annual targets.

Eight Microfinance banks, as a group, have surpassed their annual targets of Rs
28.2 billion by disbursing agri loans of Rs 33 billion achieving 117% of the
allocated targets during FY15.

Khushhali, First Microfinance bank, Tameer, Pak Oman, Waseela and U Microfinance
bank have surpassed their targets while NRSP Microfinance bank could only manage
92.3% of its annual target.

Four Islamic banks, as a group, also posed impressive disbursement figures
exceeding their annual targets by disbursing Rs 5 billion against the target of
Rs 2.3 billion. Among the group, Bankislami, Meezan and Albaraka Bank

have surpassed their annual targets for FY15.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              July 27, 2015 Monday

Pakistan: Banks surpass agri credit target, Rs.516 billion disbursed in FY15

LENGTH: 771  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, July 27 -- Banks surpassed the agricultural credit disbursement target
set by the SBP's Agricultural Credit Advisory Committee (ACAC) for the year
ending June 2015. Against the indicative target of Rs 500 billion (which was 28%
higher than the actual agri credit disbursement of Rs.391 billion in FY14),
banks disbursed Rs 515.9 billion in FY15, which was Rs 15.9 billion in excess of
the target and 31.8% higher than the last year's disbursement of Rs 391.4
billion, said State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) in a statement here Friday. Growth
was also recorded in the agri outstanding portfolio which stood at Rs 335.2
billion at end June, 2015 showing an increase of Rs.45 billion (up 15.5%)
compared with the last year position of Rs 290.3 billion. The agri credit target
of Rs.500 billion in FY15 (28% growth) was ambitious by any standards, given the
higher risk perception of banks about agri financing and volatility in the
prices of agricultural produce. Nonetheless, the SBP adopted a multipronged
strategy for achieving the target which included sensitizing banks to adopt agri
financing as a viable business line, diversification of agri lending portfolio
of banks, increase in per acre credit limits and extending the scope of eligible
items, development of new product eco-system including value chain financing,
and inclusion of microfinance and Islamic banks for small and faith sensitive
clients.

Further, for deepening agri financing outreach, Fast Track Lending Programme was
launched during the year for farm and non-farm activities in selected districts
of the country. In addition, farmers awareness and financial literacy programs
were conducted at grass root level. It is pertinent to mention that the
agricultural credit targets have continuously been surpassed since FY 2011-12
with an average real growth of 10.8% as compared with 3% growth in agriculture
GDP for the same period. In addition to achieving the indicative agri credit
target, SBP implemented all the budgetary initiatives and projects in
collaboration with banks during the year. These include enhancement of the scope
of Crop Loan Insurance up to 25 acres, rollout of Livestock Insurance for small
farmers, launch of Credit Guarantee Scheme for small and marginalized farmers,
introduction of Warehouse Receipts Financing and loans for solar tube-wells,
etc. These achievements were made possible because of the support of the
Government and leadership of the Governor, Ashraf Mahmood Wathra and Deputy
Governor, Saeed Ahmad through conducting regular meetings of ACAC and
performance review of banks, it said. A detailed review of banks' performance
for 2014-15 reveals that five major banks collectively disbursed agri. loans of
Rs 262.9 billion or 104.1% of their annual target of Rs 252.5 billion which is
higher by 34.5% from Rs 195.5 billion disbursed during the corresponding period
last year. Amongst the five major banks, HBL has achieved 113 % of its annual
target, MCB achieved 102.6%, UBL 101.4%, ABL 101.2% and NBP achieve 100.1 % of
its individual annual target. Among specialized banks, ZTBL disbursed Rs 95.8
billion or 106.5% of its annual target of Rs 90.0 billion while PPCBL has
disbursed Rs 10.5 billion achieving 91.2% against its target of Rs 11.5 billion
during FY 2014-15. Fifteen Domestic Private Banks as a group achieved 94.1% of
its target. Within this group Faysal bank, Bank Alfalah, JS bank, Bank of
Khyber, Bank of Punjab and Standard Chartered Bank were the top performers
surpassing their allocated annual targets. However, Summit bank achieved 99.6%,
Habib Metropolitan 96.2%, Askari 86%, Soneri bank 85.8%, NIB 85.3%, Sindh bank
80.9%, Bank Al Habib 72.1% whereas Silk bank could only achieve 63.1% of their
individual annual targets. Eight Microfinance banks as a group have surpassed
their annual targets of Rs 28.2 billion by disbursing agri. loans of Rs 33.0
billion achieving 117% of the allocated targets during FY 2014-15. Khushhali,
First Microfinance bank, Tameer, Pak Oman, Waseela and U Microfinance bank have
surpassed their targets while NRSP Microfinance bank could only manage 92.3% of
its annual target. Four Islamic banks, as a group, also posed impressive
disbursement figures exceeding their annual targets by disbursing Rs 5.0 billion
against the target of Rs 2.3 billion. Among the group, Bankislami, Meezan and
Albaraka Bank have surpassed their annual targets for FY 2014-15

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

Pakistan: Govt criticised for ignoring agriculture

LENGTH: 484  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, June 5 -- Experts criticised Tuesday the government for ignoring
agriculture sector in the proposed budget 2014-15, saying that the 'so-called'
incentives announced by the finance minister Ishaq Dar are meager to achieve the
required rate of growth in the sector.

"The agriculture sector is needed to be grown by five to six percent per year
against 2.1 percent (provisional figure) achieved in the outgoing fiscal
2013-14," Dr Ibrahim Mughal, chairman of Agri Forum of Pakistan, said.

He said that that population of Pakistan was growing by approximately 3.5
percent per year. Accordingly, the growth rate of 2.1 percent in the agriculture
sector was not enough to meet the growing demand of agricultural produces in the
country.

Mughal also termed insufficient the increase of Rs120 billion in agriculture
loan to Rs500 billion, which Dar proposed to disburse in the next fiscal year,
starting from July 1, 2014. "If the increase were proposed to the total of
Rs1,000 billion for the year, then it would have been assumed as satisfactory,"
he said.

He said that the cost of inputs for agricultural produces had increased by 100
percent in the last two years. Therefore, the rise of Rs120 billion in
agriculture loan would have not addressed the rising demand of financing in the
sector.

Additionally, the allocation of Rs30 billion loans for small farmers under
another head is inadequate, as 90 percent farmers are small.

Sono Khangharani, a former lecturer at Tandojam Agriculture University, said
that the proposed increase in general sales tax on seeds of sunflower and canola
would trigger further inflation.

Khangharani said that the cost of inputs in agriculture produces was
continuously rising, while the proposed increase might result into the surge in
cost of relevant raw and finished goods.

He also urged the government to pay service charges of agricultural loan, saying
that the charges included hidden cost of loan, processing fee and insurance
money. "The inclusion of services charges doubles the interest money (effective
rate) of loan," he said.

The educationist said India subsidises service charges of agricultural loans to
its farmers, which helps the farmers to pay only the actual (disclosed) interest
money instead of inflated (hidden) interest money.

He, however, appreciated the government for providing guarantee in place of 40
percent of the total collateral, which was usually submitted 100 percent by the
borrowers.

He also welcomed the government's announcement of providing insurance cover to
agricultural produces and livestock.

"The insurance cover would help farmers to survive in case their crops are
impacted due to natural disaster and/or they become sick," he said

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             July 5, 2014 Saturday

Dar reviews implementation status of budget initiatives

LENGTH: 512  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, July 5 -- Federal Minister for Finance and Economic Affairs Senator
Ishaq Dar chaired a meeting to review the implementation status of the
initiatives, announced in the federal budget 2014-15, at the Ministry of Finance
Affairs on Saturday.Finance Secretary Dr Waqar Masood gave a detailed
presentation on the status of the initiatives and the progress made so far on
the implementation. He informed the meeting that blue print to
establish/incorporate Exim Bank of Pakistan will be completed by September 2014
and a legal framework through the act of the parliament will be initiated
thereafter.

On the establishment of Pakistan Land Port Authority, he said that the
integrated transit trade committee will present its initial understanding to the
Finance Minister by July 15, 2014. The minister was informed that necessary
notifications related to reduction in mark up rates of Exports Refinance
Facility and Long Term Finance Facility have already been issued.

It was also informed that the Finance Division was following up on the decisions
for disposal of all pending sales tax refunds by September 30 and in future
disposal of sales tax refunds will be ensured within three months by the FBR.
The minister said that mechanism for credit guarantee scheme for small and
marginalized farmers must be devised at the earliest and in this regard Ministry
of National Food Security and Internal Finance Wing should coordinate with the
State Bank of Pakistan.

The finance minister also reviewed the progress made on crop loan insurance
scheme, livestock insurance scheme, increased agriculture credit availability,
establishment of commodities warehouses, mortgage refinance company and prime
minister's low cost housing scheme. The minister was informed that necessary
notifications for provision of incentives for processing industries in Makran,
Gilgit Baltistan, Swat and FATA, air freight subsidy circular on horticulture
produce from Gilgit Baltistan are being issued shortly.

It was also informed that notification with regard to enhancement of monthly
stipend through BISP to increase from Rs1200 to Rs1500 has already been issued.
Senator Dar also directed for establishment of high powered task force to
undertake detailed review of a large number of social safety-net programme,
scattered across different ministries and departments, so as to gauge their
performance and avoid overlapping.

The minister was also informed that the divestment of government shares in PSEs
was going on as per plans with both local and international investors'
interests. Promotion of Islamic banking and financial system in Pakistan is
being worked out by the State Bank and the Finance Division and an interim
report will be presented to the minister at the earliest. The meeting was also
attended by Adviser to Finance Ministry Rana Assad Amin and senior officials of
the ministry.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              July 6, 2014 Sunday

Pakistan: Dar reviews implementation status of initiatives introduced in federal
budget

LENGTH: 508  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, July 6 -- Minister for Finance Mohammad Ishaq Dar Saturday chaired a
meeting to review the implementation status of the initiatives announced in the
federal budget 2014-15. Secretary Finance, Dr Waqar Masood gave a detailed
presentation on the status of the initiatives and progress made so far on the
implementation. He was informed that blue print to establish/incorporate Exim
Bank of Pakistan would be completed by September 2014 and a legal framework
through the act of Parliament would be initiated thereafter. On establishment of
Pakistan Land Prot Authority, he said that the integrated transit trade
committee would present its initial understanding to the finance minister by
July 15, 2014. The finance minister was informed that necessary notifications
related to reduction in mark up rates of Exports Refinance Facility and Long
Term Finance Facility have already been issued.

It was also informed that Finance division is following up on the decisions for
disposal of all pending sales tax refunds by September 30th and in future
disposal of sales tax refunds will be ensured within three months by the Federal
Board of Revenue (FBR). The minister reviewed the progress on crop land
insurance scheme, livestock insurance scheme, increased agriculture credit
availability, establishment of commodities warehouses, low cost housing
guarantee scheme, mortgage refinance company and Prime Minister's low cost
housing scheme. He directed that the mechanism for credit guarantee scheme for
small and marginalized farmers must be devised at the earliest and in this
regard Ministry of National food Security and Internal Finance Wing should
coordinate with State Bank of Pakistan. The Finance Minister was informed that
necessary notification/circular for valley and FATA, air freight subsidy
circular on horticulture produce from Gilgit Baltistan are being issued shortly.
It was also informed that notification with regard to enhancement of monthly
stipend through Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP) to increase from Rs 1200
to Rs 1500 has already been issued. The Finance Minister also directed for
establishment of high powered task force to undertake detailed review of a large
number of social safety net programme, scattered across different ministries and
departments so as to gauge their performance and avoid overlapping. The Finance
minister was informed that the ivestment of government shares in PSEs is going
on as per plans with both local and international investors' interests.
Promotion of Islamic banking and financial system in the country is being worked
out by the SBP and the Finance Division and an interim report will be presented
to the finance minister at the earliest. The meeting was also attended by
Advisor to the Finance Ministry , Rana Assad Amin and senior officials of the
Finance Ministrty

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                              July 6, 2014 Sunday

Budget: Dar reviews implementation status of initiatives

LENGTH: 514  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, July 6 -- The Finance Minister, Senator Ishaq Dar chaired a meeting
to review the implementation status of the initiatives announced in the Federal
Budget 2014-15 at the Finance Ministry on Saturday.Dr Waqar Masood, Finance
Secretary gave a detailed presentation on the status of the initiatives and the
progress made so far on the implementation. He informed that blue print to
establish/incorporate Exim Bank of Pakistan will be completed by September 2014
and a legal framework through the act of Parliament will be initiated
thereafter. On establishment of Pakistan Land Port Authority, he said that the
integrated transit trade committee will present its initial understanding to the
Finance Minister by 15 July, 2014.

The Finance Minister was informed that necessary notifications related to
reduction in mark up rates of Exports Refinance Facility and Long Term Finance
Facility have already been issued. It was also informed that Finance Division is
following up on the decisions for disposal of all pending sales tax refunds by
30th September and in future disposal of sales tax refunds will be ensured
within three months by the FBR.

The Finance Minister said that mechanism for credit guarantee scheme for small
and marginalized farmers must be devised at the earliest and in this regard
Ministry of National Food Security and Internal Finance Wing should coordinate
with State Bank of Pakistan. The Finance Minister also reviewed the progress
made on crop loan insurance scheme, livestock insurance scheme, increased
agriculture credit availability, establishment of commodities warehouses, low
cost housing guarantee scheme, mortgage refinance company and PM's low cost
housing scheme.

The Finance Minister was informed that necessary notifications/circulars for
provision of incentives for processing industries in Makran, Gilgit Baltistan,
Swat Valley and FATA, air freight subsidy circular on horticulture produce from
GB are being issued shortly. It was also informed that notification with regard
to enhancement of monthly stipend through BISP to increase from Rs.1200 to
Rs.1500 has already been issued. Finance Minister also directed for
establishment high powered task force to undertake detailed review of a large
number of social safety-net programme, scattered across different ministries and
departments, so as to gauge their performance and avoid overlapping.

The Finance Minister was also informed that the divestment of government shares
in PSEs is going on as per plans with both local and international investors'
interests. Promotion of Islamic banking and financial system in the country is
being worked out by the SBP and the Finance Division and an interim report will
be presented to the Finance Minister at the earliest.

The meeting was also attended by Advisor to the Finance Ministry, Rana Assad
Amin and senior officials of the Finance Ministry.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              July 7, 2014 Monday

Pakistan: 'Plan to establish Exim Bank of Pakistan to be ready by Sept'

LENGTH: 502  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, July 7 -- A blueprint to establish Exim Bank of Pakistan will be
completed by September 2014, Finance Secretary Dr Waqar Masood said on Saturday.

He informed a high-level meeting with Finance Minister Senator Ishaq Dar in the
chair that a legal framework through the act of parliament will be initiated
thereafter.

The meeting was held to review the implementation status of the initiatives
announced in the federal budget 2014-15.

The finance secretary gave a detailed presentation on the status of the
initiatives and the progress made so far on the implementation.

On the establishment of the Pakistan Land Port Authority, he said that the
integrated transit trade committee would present its initial understanding to
the finance minister by 15 July, 2014.

The finance minister was informed that necessary notifications related to the
reduction in mark-up rates of Exports Refinance Facility and Long Term Finance
Facility had been issued. It was also informed that the Finance Division was
following up on the decisions for disposal of all pending sales tax refunds by
30 September and in future disposal of sales tax refunds would be ensured within
three months by the Federal Board of Revenue.

The minister said that mechanism for credit guarantee scheme for small and
marginalised farmers must be devised at the earliest and in this regard ministry
of national food security and internal finance wing should coordinate with the
State Bank of Pakistan.

The minister also reviewed the progress made on crop loan insurance scheme,
livestock insurance scheme, increased agriculture credit availability,
establishment of commodities warehouses, low cost housing guarantee scheme,
mortgage refinance company and Prime Minister's low cost housing scheme.

The minister was informed that necessary notifications/circulars for provision
of incentives for processing industries in Makran, Gilgit Baltistan, Swat Valley
and FATA, air freight subsidy circular on horticulture produce from GB were
being issued shortly.

It was also informed that a notification with regard to enhancement of monthly
stipend through Benazir Income Support Programme to increase from Rs1200 to
Rs1500 had already been issued.

Dar directed for establishment high-powered task force to undertake detailed
review of a large number of social safety-net programme, scattered across
different ministries and departments to gauge their performance and avoid
overlapping.

The minister was also informed that the divestment of government shares in
public sector enterprises is going on as per the plans with both local and
international investors' interests. The SBP and finance division are working out
promotion of Islamic banking and financial system in the country. An interim
report will be presented to the finance minister at the earliest

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (Nairobi)

                            August 18, 2011 Thursday

A Humanitarian Challenge Without Equal [opinion]

BYLINE: Andrew Mitchell

LENGTH: 618  words


As we mark World Humanitarian Day today, the biggest humanitarian challenge in
the world is the drought crisis in the Horn of Africa - which could become a
catastrophe.

But it's a catastrophe we can all help prevent.

If we learn lessons from the past and act fast, we can save hundreds of
thousands of lives. And we can stop droughts like this having such an impact in
future.

The extent of the crisis is daunting and the figures are so enormous that it is
easy to forget that each number is a precious human life.

I have had the chance in the past month to see first-hand how people have been
affected by this crisis in both Kenya and Somalia.

Mothers whose feet have been cut to ribbons after walking for weeks in search of
food for their families, children who have lost their brothers and sisters
before help arrived, and parents who watch as their children starve to death.

Kenya has been hit hard. At least 3.2 million people are food insecure,
thousands of livestock have died, crops have been lost and rains have failed in
many parts of the country. All this against a backdrop of escalating food and
oil prices.

The 'Kenyans for Kenya' campaign has shown us that everyone can do something to
help.

The response by ordinary Kenyans has been humbling. The UK government is helping
by providing relief assistance to over 200,000 people across Northern Kenya;
focused primarily on food and nutritional assistance to women and children.

The UK is now helping over 2 million people affected by drought across the Horn,
providing over £124 million (Sh9 billion).

The UK public has also contributed over £50m (Sh7.5 billion) to an appeal by UK
NGOs working across the Horn of Africa - reflecting how many "Britons for Kenya"
there are in my country.

The situation in northern Kenya is bad - in Somalia it is much worse, with
nearly 400,000 children acutely malnourished.

Despite its own problems, Kenya generously continues to accept thousands of
refugees fleeing the famine in Somalia.

The UK believes it is right that the costs of this are shared and not borne by
the Kenyan Government alone.

My government is helping with the costs of looking after refugees in Dadaab, and
more importantly, we are doing all we can to get food and other aid to people
inside Somalia, so they do not leave their homes.

That is why I announced further UK support to Somalia during my visit to
Mogadishu on Wednesday.

We understand the security concerns Kenyans have about such a large influx of
Somalis into Kenya, so we are also helping the Kenya Government look at the
challenges of border management.

In the longer term, we need to look at the systemic issues that are driving food
insecurity across Africa and globally.

The current situation is exceptionally severe - but not unique.

As important as humanitarian relief is, our aim is to get to a stage where it is
no longer needed, as countries like Kenya become less vulnerable to disasters.

The UK is supporting the Government of Kenya to develop policies and
institutions that prepare for drought emergencies, as well as communities to
invest in innovative approaches and technologies that help them adapt to
increasing occurrence of drought, such as water storage, livestock insurance and
early warning systems.

Cash transfers are being provided to over 60,000 people living in the arid
lands, to help them protect their assets and diversify their livelihoods.

This payment has been doubled for July/August to assist beneficiaries cope with
the drought.

The challenge before us is stark. We have the opportunity to save countless
lives. But to do so our response needs to be rapid, flexible and mindful of past
mistakes.

Mr Mitchell is the UK Secretary of State for International Development.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                             Nairobi Star (Nairobi)

                             August 19, 2011 Friday

We Can All Help Fight Hunger [opinion]

BYLINE: Andrew Mitchell

LENGTH: 702  words


As we mark World Humanitarian Day today, the biggest humanitarian challenge in
the world is the drought crisis in the Horn of Africa - which could become a
catastrophe.

But it's a catastrophe we can all help prevent. If we learn lessons from the
past and act fast, we can save hundreds of thousands of lives. And we can stop
droughts like this having such an impact in future years.

The United Nations estimates that this is the most severe food security
challenge in Africa for 20 years. The extent of the crisis is daunting and the
figures are so enormous that it is easy to forget that each number is a precious
human life.

I have had the chance in the past month to see first hand how people have been
affected by this crisis in both Kenya and Somalia. Mothers whose feet have been
cut to ribbons after walking for weeks in search of safety and food for their
families, children who have lost their brothers and sisters before help arrived,
and parents who watch as their children starve to death, helpless to act. Kenya
has been hit hard. 3.2 million people are food insecure, thousands of livestock
have died, crops have been lost and rains have failed in many parts of the
country. All this against a backdrop of escalating food and oil prices.

The 'Kenyans for Kenya' campaign has shown us that everyone can do something to
help. The response by ordinary Kenyans to assist their fellow countrymen has
been humbling. The UK government is helping by providing relief assistance to
over 200,000 people across Northern Kenya; focused primarily on food and
nutritional assistance to women and children. The UK is now helping over 2
million people affected by drought across the Horn, providing over £124 million
(Kshs 19 billion). The UK public has also contributed over £50m (KSh 7.5
billion) to an appeal by UK NGOs working across the Horn of Africa - reflecting
how many "Britons for Kenya" there are in my country.

The situation in northern Kenya is bad - in Somalia it is much worse, with
nearly 400,000 children acutely malnourished. Despite its own problems, Kenya
generously continues to accept thousands of refugees fleeing the famine in
Somalia. The UK believes it is right that the costs of this are shared and not
borne by the Kenyan Government alone -- its priority should be helping starving
Kenyans. My government is helping with the costs of looking after refugees in
Dadaab, and more importantly we are doing all we can to get food and other aid
to people inside Somalia, so they do not leave their homes. That is why I
announced further UK support to Somalia during my visit to Mogadishu on
Wednesday. We understand the security concerns Kenyans have about such a large
influx of Somalis into Kenya, so we are also helping the Kenyan Government look
at the challenges of border management. The international community needs to
come together to help Somalia, and Kenya deserves credit for continuing to play
its part.

In the longer term, we need to look at the systemic issues that are driving food
insecurity across Africa and globally. The current situation is exceptionally
severe - but not unique. As important as humanitarian relief is, our aim is to
get to a stage where it is no longer needed, as countries like Kenya become less
vulnerable to disasters.

The UK is supporting the Government of Kenya to develop policies and
institutions that prepare for drought emergencies, as well as communities to
invest in innovative approaches and technologies that help them adapt to
increasing occurrence of drought, such as water storage, livestock insurance and
early warning systems. Cash transfers are being provided to over 60,000 people
living in the arid lands, to help them protect their assets and diversify their
livelihoods. This payment has been doubled for July/August to assist
beneficiaries cope with the drought. The challenge before us is stark. We have
the opportunity to save countless lives. But to do so our response needs to be
rapid, flexible and mindful of past mistakes. We need to act now to avert a
catastrophe, and we need to act together.

The writer is the UK Secretary of State for International Development. He
visited Dadaab and Wajir on 16 July, and Mogadishu on 17 August.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 559 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                       WMI - Major Products and Services

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 20, 2014

                         Lion Assurance Company Limited

                               140 MAIN RD CW25JB
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *

Lion Assurance is an insurance company. Key products offered by the company
include the following:

PRODUCTS:

   Horticultural and loan protection insurance, Agriculture insurance, Livestock
insurance, Sugarcane insurance, Money insurance, Fidelity guarantee insurance,
Workmen's compensation, Public liability, Marine cargo insurance, Marine hull
insurance, Goods in transit insurance, Motor insurance, Fire and allied perils
insurance, Property insurance, Business interruption insurance, Machinery
breakdown insurance, Engineering all risks insurance, House owners insurance,
Group personal accident insurance, Alternative risk transfer, Travel insurance



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *






LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014


                              519 of 559 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                               February 20, 2014

                         Lion Assurance Company Limited

                               140 MAIN RD CW25JB
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Lion Assurance Company Limited (Lion Assurance) is an insurance company,
based in Uganda. The company provides horticultural and loan protection
insurance products. It offers agriculture insurance, livestock insurance,
sugarcane insurance, money insurance, fidelity guarantee insurance, workmen's
compensation, public liability, marine cargo insurance, marine hull insurance,
goods in transit insurance, motor insurance, fire and allied perils insurance,
and property insurance. The company also offers business interruption insurance,
machinery breakdown insurance, engineering all risks insurance, house owners
insurance, group personal accident insurance, alternative risk transfer, and
travel insurance. It serves the corporate, commercial and personal markets. The
company operates as a member of TA Holdings Ltd. Lion Assurance is headquartered
in Kampala, Uganda.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:




* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *






LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014


                              520 of 559 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                                 WMI - History

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                January 12, 2017

                       Adamjee Insurance Company Limited

                                   6th Floor
                                 Karachi 74000
                                    Pakistan


HISTORY
YEAR EVENT TYPE          DESCRIPTION
2015 Corporate Awards    The company received corporate social responsibility
                         award in the business excellence award category.
2014 Others              The company was affirmed with financial strength
                         rating of B+ with a stable outlook by A.M. Best.
2014 Others              The company received issuer credit rating of bbb- with
                         a stable outlook from A.M. Best.
2014 Others              The company was affirmed with insurer financial
                         strength rating of AA by the Pakistan Credit Rating
                         Agency Limited.
2014 Others              The company received ISO certification, ISO 9001 from
                         Lloyd's Register Quality Assurance.
2014 Plans/Strategy      The company announced its plan to acquire 9.6% stake
                         in Security General Insurance Company.
2013 Corporate           The companies head office was shifted from Islamabad
     Changes/Expansions  to Lahore.
2013 Corporate Awards    The company received consumer's choice award for best
                         general insurance company.
2010 Others              The company was affirmed with AA rating by the
                         Pakistan Credit Rating Agency Limited.
2008 New                 AICL introduced travel product, Faaslay Asaan; crop
     Products/Services   loan insurance; and livestock insurance.
2004 Acquisitions/Merger The company's management rights were acquired by MCB
     s/Takeovers         Bank, a subsidiary of Nishat Group.
2001 Corporate Awards    The company was recognized as the 2nd Best Insurance
                         Company in Asia, by Euro-money.
1998 Corporate Awards    The company received the Corporate Excellence Award
                         from MAP.
1997 Corporate Awards    The company received the Corporate Excellence Award
                         from The Management Association of Pakistan (MAP).
1960 Incorporation/Estab Adamjee Insurance Company Limited was incorporated.
     lishment


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017


                              521 of 559 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Business Analysis

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                 March 2, 2017

                     Zimnat Lion Insurance Company Limited

                                  Zimnat House
                                     Harare
                                    Zimbabwe

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

COMPANY OVERVIEW


   Zimnat Lion Insurance Company Limited (Zimnat Lion Insurance) is a short-term
insurance company. The range of insurance products offered by the company
includes motor insurance, property insurance, travel insurance, personal
accident insurance, households insurance, engineering insurance and electronic
equipment and breakdown insurance. It also offers farming insurance,
construction insurance, commercial property insurance, engineering insurance,
public liability insurance, employer's liability insurance, marine insurance and
fleet insurance. The company also provides property and motor claim services to
its customers. Zimnat Lion Insurance distributes its products and services
through insurance brokers and agents in Zimbabwe. It also operates through
branches in Harare, Mutare and Bulawayo. The company is a subsidiary of an
investment holding company, TA Holdings Limited. Zimnat Lion Insurance is
headquartered in Harare, Zimbabwe.


BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:



Zimnat Lion Insurance is a provider of non-life insurance products. Its
offerings includes motor vehicle insurance, domestic insurance, all risks
insurance, property insurance and engineering property insurance, among others.
The company markets its products through insurance brokers and agents in
Zimbabwe. It also operated through three branches in Harare, Mutare and Bulawayo
as on December 31, 2014.

The company classifies its offerings under two categories: personal insurance
and business insurance.

Under the personal insurance category, the company further classifies its
offering into four sub-categories: motor insurance, personal accident insurance,
travel insurance and property insurance. Under motor insurance sub-category, the
company offers comprehensive motor insurance solution, which covers accidental
damage to vehicle, third party property damage and bodily injury or death; full
third party, fire and theft insurance solution, which provides additional
insurance coverage to the insurer for loss or damage to the vehicle due to fire
or theft; full third party (FTP) and third party (Road Traffic Act RTA) only,
which provides minimum insurance coverage in terms of the Road Traffic Act of
Zimbabwe.

The company, under its personal accident insurance sub-category, provides
coverage against accidental death or bodily injury to employees caused by
external violent and visible means. It also provides medical treatment expenses.
Under travel insurance sub-category, the company offers coverage for unforeseen
illness or injury, flight cancellations, emergency medical expenses, personal
accident and loss of baggage. Under property insurance sub-category, the company
offers house insurance related to damages caused by natural disasters,
earthquakes, fire accidents and lightening and explosions.

Under business insurance category, the company classifies its offering into
eight sub-categories: directors and officers; construction insurance;
engineering insurance; liability insurance; commercial property; fidelity
guarantee insurance; marine insurance and farming insurance. Under directors'
and officers' sub-category, the company covers organization against the risk of
losses as a result of wrongful doings of directors or officers.

Through construction insurance sub-category, the company provides indemnity to
the insured for loss or damage to the construction works, liability to third
parties and plant and machinery. Its engineering insurance sub-category provides
financial back up for all engineering projects. Its offerings include plant all
risk policy, electronic equipment and machinery breakdown insurance, assembly
(erection) all risks policy and construction all risks policy. Under liability
insurance subcategory, the company offers public liability insurance and
umbrella liability insurance for large and medium companies. Under commercial
property sub-category, the company offers commercial property insurance, house
owner's insurance and fleet insurance solutions.

The company, through fidelity guarantees insurance sub-category, covers
company's money, property and records. Through marine insurance sub-category,
the company covers cargo originating from or to destinations outside the nation
while in transit by road, sea and air. Under farming insurance sub-category, the
company offers Pundutso weather insurance, which covers against a variety of
weather risk including hail storms, floods, fire loss, drought, wind damage,
fog, heat waves and all-important rainfall deficit. It also offers crop
insurance, tobacco hail insurance, farming property equipment insurance and
livestock insurance.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *











LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017


                              522 of 559 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2017 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                            WMI - Company Statement

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                 March 2, 2017

                           Reliance Insurance Limited

                              Shanta Western Tower
                                   Dhaka 1208
                                   Bangladesh

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   A statement by Mr. Khaled Mamun, the Chief Executive Officer and a Director
of the company is given below. The statement has been taken from the company's
2015 annual report.

   An overview 2015 Our Journey in the calendar year 2015 was far tougher than
that of the previous years. The year 2015 is particularly characterized by tough
underwriting conditions stagnated by stiff competition and other multifaceted
circumstances. However; Reliance Insurance Limited has managed to maintain a
good premium growth 12.1% whereas the growth rate of the non-life segment of
Bangladesh Insurance Market remains similar to that of the previous year (around
6%).

   It is evident from above chart that the increase of Gross Premium has been
reflected in the 2015 underwriting profit which has increased 8.6%. Moreover; we
experienced a decrease in the investment income slightly due to low interest
rate offered by the banks, and unsatisfactory performance of the stock market.

   Steps taken to manage business and other risks

   Our challenges as an established top ranking industry player are to fight
complacency, to stay agile and to continue improving our efficiencies.
Particular attention has been paid to our risk management policy. We deem our
success depends on our ability to drive the growth, diversity, and quality of
the risk pool. Our long-term viability also rests with our ability to understand
the risks, to select the risks we want to insure, and to price those risks
appropriately.

   We continue refining our risk management processes, redefining our risk
appetite. However, we also invest time and resources in analyzing and reducing
the risks as a Company and as an industry leader because we firmly believe that
insurers must be seen as being in the business of indemnifying policyholders
when misfortune strikes.

   Insurers have to pay valid claims with urgency and efficiency and it is only
possible if we could become a safe and sound risk manager. In addition to the
claim payment, wherever possible, we use our persuasion skills to reduce
insurance costs for our clients.

   Our future outlook

   We will continue to implement our projects so far undertaken and deliver
value to our clients and other stakeholders in 2016 and onwards. We are
confident enough that the underlying strengths of the Company - our diversified
business approaches, strong geographical position across all market segments,
innovative products and highly efficient claims processing - will surely pave
the way for meeting our goals and further entrenching our leadership position in
the market.

   Reliance has name and fame for providing various types of non-life insurance
products for its valued customers. To keep pace with the trends of the Asian
Insurance Market, Reliance has been working for the inclusions of Hajj
Insurance, Micro insurance, healthcare related insurance, travel insurance,
need-based takaful insurance and extended warranty insurance in its product
line.

   In addition to the above named non-life insurance products, Reliance
Insurance Limited also has been planning to introduce insurance solutions like
extended warranty insurance, migrant workers' insurance, crop insurance,
livestock insurance, Bancassurance, consumer goods (gadgets) insurance and cyber
security insurance with a view to addressing the customers' need.

   Concentration on professional excellency of the staff

   Duly recognizing the role of employees in maintaining the business
sustainability of the Company, Reliance, as always, persists on providing a
congenial environment to its staff for ensuring staffs' self-motivation, and
thereby it makes sure the discharging of the employees' duties and
responsibilities in most professional fashion. That is why; Reliance adopted a
philosophy of continuous staff enrichment.

   Our Journey in the calendar year 2015 was far tougher than that of the
previous years. The year 2015 is particularly characterized by tough
underwriting conditions stagnated by stiff competition and other multifaceted
circumstances. However; Reliance Insurance Limited has managed to maintain a
good premium growth 12.1% whereas the growth rate of the non-life segment of
Bangladesh Insurance Market remains similar to that of the previous year (around
6%). the increase of Gross Premium has been reflected in the 2015 underwriting
profit which has increased 8.6%. Moreover; we experienced a decrease in the
investment income slightly due to low interest rate offered by the banks, and
unsatisfactory performance of the stock market.

   Every year the Company engages in various orientation programs featuring
in-house trainings conducted by senior Management. This program is also
supplemented by external courses for the selected candidates. Every year a good
number of staff of Reliance undergo different insurance training programs
arranged by Bangladesh Insurance Academy, and for the exceptional ones, the
Company sponsors overseas courses offered by various International Insurance
Institutes in India, Malaysia, Bahrain, Singapore, United Kingdom etc.

   On the other hand, safety of the employees is given highest priority. All
staff of Reliance is subject to the basic understanding of Fire Fighting
Equipments and accordingly drills are conducted on routine basis. This is
complimented by a dedicated staff that has specific training on fire fighting.

   Moreover; Reliance truly believes in the saying "Healthy Employee is Happy
Employee". In order to keep our employees healthy, we have an In-house Medical
Consultant who sits at our Head Office on a weekly basis. Employees can get free
medical consultation on health related issues. We also have Health Insurance
Policy, Hospitalization Policy and Employee Welfare Fund for both our employees
and their family members in order to ensure that our employees have the peace of
mind.

   Contribution to the national exchequer and to the economy

   Thought its unparalleled growth in the last two decades, Reliance has not
only delivered to its shareholders with satisfactory returns, but also it has
generated valuable revenues for Government. Reliance management recognizes that
the Company has certain responsibilities to the society as a whole. In our way
to participate in the nation building activities, our Company has made
significant contribution to the Government each year by payment of Tax, VAT,
Stamp duty etc. During the year 2015, the Company contributed BDT410.24 million
to the national exchequer as against BDT426.84 million in 2014.

   The Company also makes an economic impact by creating employment
opportunities and providing trainings to the employees to serve the nation in a
broader perspective. Reliance Insurance Limited employed as many as 341
employees as on December 31, 2015. During the year 2015, the Company spent
nearly BDT1 million in training and HR development.

   The Company also paid a total amount of BDT246.43 million as salary and
allowances to its employees while the employees have paid BDT9.00 million as
taxes to the Government with highest payment of BDT3.02 million by an individual
employee. Additionally, over the past few years, Reliance has been paying a
satisfactory dividend to its shareholders placing it among the top ranking
non-life insurance companies in the market.

   Commitments towards clients

   We are very lucky to have a good number of dedicated employees who are
committed to deliver the best quality services to our clients, and without their
dedication and commitment we could not have achieved such a good result in the
year 2015. We believe that client is our biggest asset and we need to keep them
happy and maintain excellent relationship with them.

   Quite recently Reliance created Marketing Services Department (MSD) to ensure
ultimate customer satisfaction. MSD is responsible for the improvements of
service standards of the Company by incorporating the feedback of customers. In
2015, the Company maintained its focus on improving its response time in
customer services. It also made concentrated efforts towards educating customers
and increasing its proactive communication with them. The Marketing Services
Department plans to launch a selfservice internet portal for its corporate
customers, which will bring efficiencies and better services to the clients.

   Strict compliance to regulation

   We believe that adequate service levels, good corporate governance practices
and compliance with regulations can have a significant impact on the Company's
sustainability. We aspire to reach the apex of highest standards of corporate
governance in the insurance sector, and apply the guidelines set out by the BSEC
which are fully discussed in our corporate.

   Despite the fact that Reliance has the tradition of continuous excellence in
the insurance sector since it has successfully negotiated some challenging times
in the last twenty-seven years or so, I personally believe we still have a lot
to explore, and towards these goals, we all should leave no stone unturned to
add values to our stakeholders, and to take part in the advancement of our
beloved Bangladesh through professionalism and patriotism.



* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *










LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2017


                              523 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                                  Business Day

                           January 27, 2016 Wednesday

Shine a light on the gaps (1)

BYLINE: Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala and Janeen Madan

LENGTH: 1061  words


Financial inclusion matters for Africa's smallholder farmers

Agriculture forms the backbone of African economies, accounting for 32 percent
of gross domestic product (GDP). A majority of the continent's farmers earn
their living on small plots of less than two hectares, which represent 80
percent of all farms across sub-Saharan Africa. But these smallholder farmers
are largely excluded from financial services and are therefore constrained from
improving their wellbeing and transforming their farms into economically viable
businesses. Although smallholder farmers face a number of challenges to raising
productivity, bridging the financial access gap must be a priority.

There is much literature on expanding financial inclusion among the world's
poor. The issue has been a development priority since Group of Twenty (G20)
leaders launched the Financial Inclusion Action Plan in 2010. But Africa's
smallholder farmers have received little attention, and women farmers-who make
up half of the continent's agricultural labour force-have received even less.

Being excluded from financial services has negative consequences for smallholder
farmers. Access to credit can help raise farm productivity by expanding access
to inputs as well as better storage, marketing, and processing. Access to
savings instruments at harvest enables families to put money aside and helps
smooth consumption at other times of the year. Access to payment platforms can
offer a secure and efficient way to make transactions. And access to insurance
products can protect against illness and weather-related shocks. In the absence
of these formal mechanisms, smallholder households often rely on informal
instruments. Although they are accessible and flexible, informal financial
services can also be inefficient and costly in the short term, and they do not
always offer the services needed to help transform subsistence farming into a
profitable business.

Understanding farmers' needs, and the range of financial services they rely on
to meet those needs, must be the first step. But translating this knowledge into
tailored products will be even more critical. While evidence is still emerging,
digital solutions are at the forefront of these efforts.

Smallholder farmers are excluded from financial services

Large gaps remain in meeting the financial needs of smallholder farmers across
sub-Saharan Africa. The Global Financial Index, or Global Findex, underscores
the extent of their exclusion from the formal financial sector. Across forty-two
African countries in 2014, only 29 percent of adults in rural areas had a mobile
money account or an account at a bank or microfinance institution (MFI),
compared to 34 percent at the national level. Although access to bank accounts
in rural areas remains low, this represents an increase from 24 percent in 2011.
Poor households and women are even more excluded than the rural population
generally. Poorer households are much less likely than richer households to have
a formal account (25 percent compared to 41 percent), and there is also a
significant gap between women and men (30 percent compared to 39 percent).

While more than half of all rural households saved and borrowed money over the
past year, only a small percentage used the formal sector. Among those who
reported saving, 13 percent saved at a bank or an MFI, and 25 percent saved with
a community savings group. The majority saved money under the mattress or in
tangible assets such as livestock. Rural households are also excluded from
formal sources of credit; only 6 percent borrowed from a formal institution.
Forty-two percent of those who reported borrowing turned to family and friends,
and 5 percent borrowed from an informal lender, such as a trader or processor.
Because they are borrowing informally, the interest rates are usually between
two and ten times higher than commercial rates. Furthermore, only slightly over
6 percent of farmers reported purchasing crop or livestock insurance. Finally, a
majority of farming households received payments from agricultural sales in
cash; only 8 percent received payments via mobile phone, and 7 percent received
money directly to a bank or MFI account.

Demand and supply barriers limit access to formal financial services

A number of demand- and supply-side constraints explain why smallholder farmers
are excluded from formal financial services. On the demand side, smallholder
households cannot always afford fees or minimum balance requirements to keep
accounts active. In Uganda, for example, annual account maintenance fees are
almost 25 percent of GDP per capita. Rural clients must travel long distances to
reach bank branches; to do so, they have to pay for transportation and forego
daily wages. In addition, farmers do not always have the formal documentation,
such as identification cards and land titles, required to open an account. There
is also evidence of a lack of trust in financial institutions and low financial
knowledge among the poor. For smallholder farmers in particular, the repayment
cycles for standard bank and MFI loans often do not align with seasonal cash
flows. Finally, gender dynamics further constrain women's access: Given multiple
household responsibilities, women are often time constrained, which limits their
ability to engage with formal financial services. Women also lack formal land
titles, even more so than men.

On the supply side, smallholder households are expensive to serve because a
majority live in rural areas. And because agriculture is highly susceptible to
weather shocks, financial providers perceive farmers as too risky to lend to. In
addition, formal financial institutions often lack information about the credit
histories of poor rural farmers, as well as the knowledge and capacity to serve
agricultural households. Lenders sometimes fail to see farmers as a substantial
source of savings and have therefore not traditionally marketed specific
products to them.

This essay is part of a special edition being published in partnership with
Foreign Affairs, titled 'African Farmers in the Digital Age.' This anthology
explores the future of African food systems and the role that digital solutions
can play in overcoming the isolation of smallholder farmers and speeding up
rural development. Look for it at https://www.foreignaffairs.com/anthologies on
February 15.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Business Day
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 559 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                            Agrotiki Insurance S.A.

                        163 Syngrou Ave. Nea Smyrni<Br>
                                 Athens 171 21
                                     Greece

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.agroins.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 400

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Agrotiki Insurance S.A., formerly ATE Insurance S.A. and a member of ATEbank
Group, is a Greece-based insurance company. Its range of products include
personal insurance, covering accident insurance for individuals and athletes,
group insurance, ship crew insurance and travel insurance; property insurance,
which includes car and road assistance insurance, legal protection, civil
liability, fire insurance, theft insurance, technical insurance for machines and
equipment, transportation insurance for cargo and boat insurance; agricultural
insurance, covering crop production insurance, livestock insurance and
aquaculture; life insurance, providing life and protection products; health
insurance, which deals with private medical insurance schemes, and group
insurance plans, designed for employers and their staff. The Company operates a
network of 55 offices and eight regional units across Greece including 645
private agencies and 500 branches of the Agricultural Bank of Greece.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 80,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              525 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (Nairobi)

                            January 22, 2010 Friday

Satellite to Help in Insurance Pay for Livestock

LENGTH: 435  words

DATELINE: Nairobi


Researchers have launched an insurance scheme for Kenyan herders using satellite
images to provide broader and fairer compensation for livestock losses.

Launched in northern Kenya's pastoralist Marsabit region, the Index-Based
Livestock Insurance (IBLI) uses vegetation images to estimate cattle mortality
as a function of forage loss. Project leader Andrew Mude explained that the
system would be an improvement on a compensation system based on costly damage
assessment.

"The transaction cost for normal insurance where they have to verify the claims
and the truth of the claims would be too expensive," he told AFP. "Rather than
verify losses, all you have to do is to look at the state of that index because
it will give you a very good sense of what the condition is on the ground," he
added.

"A very good indicator of drought and of livestock mortality due to drought is
the availability of pasture." Livestock is the key source of livelihood for
millions of residents in the arid northern region, which has witnessed 28 major
droughts in the past 100 years.

Four of those droughts occurred in the past decade. A prolonged dry spell last
year decimated thousands of livestock in the region, leaving families to depend
on aid.

Under the scheme, developed jointly by the International Livestock Research
Institute and a team of American university researchers, the insurance will
cover losses in excess of 15 per cent of the herd's value. Herders will be
compensated for their cows, camels, sheep and goats whose value is calculated in
units known as Tropical Livestock Unit (TLU).

A cow is worth one TLU, a camel, 0.7 and 10 sheep or goats are equivalent to one
TLU, which in turn is worth Sh12,000 (160 US dollars), the average local price
for a cow. The pilot scheme targets between 500 and 1,000 households, said Mr
Mude, adding that it could help stabilise the income of some of the country's
poorer communities.

Elsewhere, about 3,000 farmers who grew a new sorghum variety introduced last
year are set to earn more than Sh40 million from their harvest in the next two
weeks. The money will be realised from 20,000 tonnes that are to be harvested in
a fortnight- thanks to the recent rains that pounded the Ukambani region.

This was announced on Friday during a farmer's field day in Kisau Division,
Mbooni East District, organised by the Kenya Agriculture research Institute
(Kari) and the Ministry of Agriculture through the Kenya Arid and Semi Arid
Lands Research Programme. The exercise was part of an elaborate move to promote
the new variety -- sorghum gadam -- for food security and income generation.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                                Kashmir Observer

                              May 30, 2016 Monday

Budget a mere figure work: Tarigami

BYLINE: Observer News Service

LENGTH: 565  words


"Devoid of roadmap to tackle unemployment, relief to common man"

Srinagar:- Senior CPI (M) leader and MLA Mohammad Yousuf Tarigami has said the
budget presented by the Finance Minister is a refelection of mere figures being
devoid of any substantive relief for the common man. Besides it totally lacks
concrete framework for revival of state's economy. No measures are proposed for
resource mobilization and providing succor to the downtrodden sections under
welfare schemes.

"The budget is a routine exercise of rhetoric. It has nothing significant to
offer and instead has generated disappointment for financially vulnerable
sections of the society. Despite the demand for adequate funding for relief and
rehabilitation of flood victims, no funds have been proposed, which is very
unfortunate," he opined. Although a separate power budget has also been
presented but it also appears to be a mere figure work and no future policy to
augment the generation, transmission and distribution and improving the defunct
networking is seen in the same.

The core sectors like agriculture, horticulture and livestock in terms of
allocations have totally been neglected, though the fact remains that our state
is a agriculture one and measure chunk of population is dependent on these
sectors. The state being vulnerable to natural calamities is in dire need of
crop and livestock insurance schemes to provide respite to the affectees, which
have not been incorporated indicating the insensitiveness of the government
towards these sectors. More-so the farmers and growers are also subjected to
losses due to substandard and spurious pesticides and no attention has been paid
to cope this menace by way of proposing testing laboratories in this regard.

The unemployment problem which has assumed alarming propositions has been left
unattended in the document, indicating lack of any roadmap to tackle this human
issue. Harnessing of human resources and capacity building under skill
development has also been ignored and even implementation of 7th pay commission
has been negated by the Finance Minister, which is very discouraging. For
revival of the industrial sector, the budget does not carry any vision, thereby
disappointing the young and energetic skillful entrepreneurs. No to talk of
regularization of over 60,000 youth engaged under various categories, no time
frame or policy has been envisaged in the budget for providing them wages
regularly. Increase in honorarium of scheme workers including Anganwari
Workers/Helpers, ASHAs, and Mid-Day Meal Workers has totally been kept out of
the purview of the budget. No enhancement has been proposed in the pension for
the destitute like old aged, widows, handicapped, orphans and poor students.

"You can't satisfy empty stomachs with deceptive figures and hollow promises",
Tarigami said and added that the negligible figures of flood relief amount have
been repeated and no allocations out of state resources have been earmarked.
This has really shocked the traders, the artisans, transporters, shopkeepers,
house owners and other affectees, who are still held in financial crisis.

The Budget appears to be a replica of BJP model of governance, which has
miserably failed to take all onboard for development of the country. "Sab ka
sath sab ka vikas"as claimed by the BJP led government has only facilitated rich
becoming richer and the poor the poorer.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2016 Kashmir Observer, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 559 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Boost for farmers

SECTION: News; A13

LENGTH: 88 words

DATELINE: UNITED STATES


The Clinton administration, saying many farmers continue to struggle despite the
nation's over-all rosy economy, announced a two-year, $11.5- billion plan to
boost farm incomes, encourage conservation and help farmers buy crop and
livestock insurance. Even though a mammoth 1996 farm bill had envisioned a
market-driven policy with fewer subsidies for farmers, Congress has approved
about $15 billion in emergency aid over the past two years, acknowledging that
drought and low prices continue to take a toll.


LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Appeals court upholds IB's decision to cut commission fee

BYLINE: HIMALAYAN NEWS SERVICE

LENGTH: 382  words


KATHMANDU: The Appellate Court has upheld a decision earlier taken by the
Insurance Board to reduce commission fee for non-life insurance agents to five
per cent.

The Insurance Board (IB), the insurance sector regulator, in January last year,
had asked all non-life insurance agents not to charge commission of over five
per cent on premiums that they collect. The agents were previously allowed to
acquire commission of up to 15 per cent of the premium amount.

Following the revision, four individuals moved the Appeals Court demanding
reinstatement of the previous provision that allowed agents to collect up to 15
per cent commission. The court then issued a stay order, which barred the IB
from introducing the new commission structure.

"However, the Appellate Court on Wednesday quashed all four complaints, paving
the way for us to effectively bring down the commission to five per cent," IB
Spokesperson Raj Kumar Aryal said, adding, "We will circulate a new circular
among non-life insurance companies in this regard."

The IB hopes the reduction in commission fee will bring down the cost of
non-life insurers, enabling them to slash rates of non-life insurance products.

However, five per cent commission fee will not apply to policies on third-party
motor vehicle insurance, and crop, poultry and livestock insurance. In other
words, agents selling those products can continue to charge commission fee of 15
per cent.

The IB had not revised the commission of agents of non-life insurance firms
since the Insurance Act 1992 was introduced.

The IB had decided to slash non-life insurance commission from 15 per cent to
five per cent after the practice of creating proxies to obtain the agent fee
came to light.

This raised question on whether non-life insurance companies should continue
hiring agents to sell the products. This is because many non-life insurance
companies maintain their own sales and marketing department to promote and sell
products they tailor. So, insurance companies, according to IB officials, are
unnecessarily increasing their spending on promotional activities.

Also, many insurers offer a discount of up to 10 per cent to clients who
approach them directly to purchase products.At present, 17 non-life insurance
companies are working with over 1,160 registered agents.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Panichaur rebuilding livelihood 18 months after Nepal earthquake

BYLINE: Bhuwan k.c.

LENGTH: 582  words


SINDHUPALCHOK: Sanghachok VDC in Sindhupalchok district in central Nepal lost
161 people in the devastating earthquakes last year.

The villagers also lost something else that was largely unaccounted in the
immediate aftermath when the focus was on saving human lives - 2000 livestock
including cows, buffaloes and goats.

While coping with the loss of human lives has been hard on the survivors, moving
on has also not been easy as the loss of livestock and cattle sheds continues to
directly affect their income.

"We had collected up to 320 litres of milk everyday from 168 farmers until the
day before the April 25, 2015 earthquake," said Nawaraj Giri, chair of Pashupati
Milk Production Cooperative at Panichaur, Sanghachok.

Milk collection stopped for over a month after the earthquakes. When the
cooperative resumed its operation from a tent, it could collect meagre 20 litres
a day.

In October 2016, about 70 farmers were selling 140 litres of milk a day. This
was possible with support the cooperative received for rebuilding the collection
centre.

"Our initial goal was ensuring that people have safe houses and therefore our
focus was on housing grant distribution. Now we are ready for expanding support
to rebuild livelihoods," said Ram Thapaliya, Spokesperson at the National
Reconstruction Authority (NRA).

"We were aware that some partners were supporting livelihoods, and could
therefore focus on housing grants," he added.

Thapaliya said the NRA has also been releasing funds for rebuilding heritage
sites, schools, roads, health posts and other local infrastructures all of which
will support livelihoods. Further, different ministries have also been directed
to monitor the progress.

Similarly, the NRA has made arrangements for facilitating the work of I/NGOs
that need to sign general agreements with the Social Welfare Council and project
agreements with the NRA to undertake activities to support earthquake victims.

UNDP Nepal had provided the Pashupati Cooperative with about Rs. 611,004 (about
USD 6000) to rebuild the milk collection centre, the cooperative put up about Rs
184,000 and the local people who sold milk provided about Rs 90,000 as labour
contribution.

Many donors have been supporting livelihood support activities in the
earthquake-hit districts and among them so far UNDP has supported over 2350
micro entrepreneurs in 53 VDCs in Sindhupalchok.

"While rebuilding houses is very important, restoring livelihoods and ensuring
that the victims have a decent and sustainable source of income is as critical,"
said Renaud Meyer, Country Director, UNDP Nepal. "The quicker the victims become
again economic actors, the faster the recovery will be for Nepal," he added.

Many of the cooperative members still live in temporary shelters and do not have
proper sheds for cattle but they have managed to resume their main economic
activity.

"The money we received for housing is in the bank and most of us will start
rebuilding houses after we bring in the crops," said Giri. "The banks give money
to only a certain number of people every day and that also caused some delay."

It may be some time before the houses are complete but the villagers already
have something to work on.

A poster on the wall of the milk collection centre says the next steps are to
obtain livestock insurance, encourage members to buy more cattle to increase
milk production, install a 1000 litre milk chilling vat, and to purchase milk
also from non-members in the VDC and from neighbouring villages.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            November 8, 2010 Monday

Financial Planning for Catastrophes: What Nations Can Do

LENGTH: 1006  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 08 -- The East Asia Pacific region sustains billions of dollars in
disaster losses annually. Even as governments struggle to recoup their losses,
nature is increasing the frequency and ferocity of its destruction. As always,
it is the poor that are hit hardest and small island nations that suffer the
most: the 2009 tsunami in Samoa wiped out 20% of its country's GDP whereas an
earlier hurricane in 1991 led to losses of a magnitude of 248% of GDP. (see
table below).

Any attempt at Disaster Risk Management today must include some financial
arrangements to help nations and poor householders alike to access financing in
the immediate aftermath of a disaster and to help offset the risk of some
disaster through new insurance mechanisms. Since 2006 GFDRR has co-financed 17
technical assistance projects and is working in 33 countries on DRF.

Question: What was the financial impact of natural disasters in Asia Pacific
during 2009?

Olivier Mahul: In 2009 economic losses in Asia from natural hazards was US$15.77
billion. Insured economic losses in Asia from natural hazards were US$1.57
billion (current). Only 10% of economic losses from natural disasters are
insured in Asia. If developed countries like Japan and South Korea are excluded,
this percentage falls below 3%.

Have you done any studies on the long term financial impact on GDP from natural
disasters for any countries in the region?

For most large economies, while the death toll can be unfortunately large, the
economic impact of rapid-onset disasters (e.g., tropical cyclones, earthquakes)
on GDP is somewhat limited because disasters usually do not affect the entire
country. The story is completely different for small countries/islands, where
the entire economy can be whipped out by an earthquake (see Haiti in 2010) or a
tropical cyclone.

drm_disaster_table

What percentage of the losses sustained by countries in the region can be
realistically offset by Disaster Risk insurance mechanisms?

Countries should develop a comprehensive disaster risk financing strategy based
on a three tier approach:

1. national reserves for small but recurrent disasters (e.g., landslides, etc.)

2. contingent credit for larger but less frequent events (e.g., large floods)

3. risk transfer instrument such as insurance for infrequent major disasters
(say, occurring once every 10 years or less frequently).

Most Asian countries (governments, small and medium enterprises (SMEs),
households) sustain most of their losses because the domestic insurance markets
are under-developed. Disaster insurance can help (i) households and enterprises
to protect their dwellings, (ii) governments to protect their budget against
major fiscal impact due to natural disasters.

Can you compare the region's level of disaster risk insurance with that in
developed countries?

Catastrophe insurance penetration in Asian developing countries is very low. It
is estimated that insured catastrophe losses are up to 10 times lower than in
developed countries. For example less than 5% of the losses cause by the Aceh
Tsunami in 2004 where insured, and less than 1% of the losses cause by the
Yogyakarta earthquake in Indonesia in 2006 were insured. Likewise, the vast
majority of the economic losses caused by the floods in Pakistan are uninsured
and will have to be borne by households with possibly some assistance from the
government and the international community.

Since insurance depends on the state of the market in every country, can the
World Bank really help to boost financial risk markets in developing countries?
Or is risk financing really another mechanism for lending to developing
countries?

The World Bank can help countries increase their financial resilience to natural
disasters, as part of the broader disaster risk management agenda. The Caribbean
Catastrophe Risk Insurance Facility helps 16 Caribbean islands to access
immediate liquidity in case of a major disaster. A similar initiative (jointly
with the Asian Development Bank) is under preparation in the Pacific region. The
Bank also helps deepen local property catastrophe insurance markets (Turkish
Catastrophe Insurance Pool (TCIP) in Turkey), helps the herders access livestock
insurance against dzuds (harsh winters) in Mongolia, and help Indian farmers
access crop insurance.

What is the most cost effective way for governments to offset climate-related
financial risks? We have seen a quadrupling in the annual rate of disasters in
this region in the last decade.

Climate related risks need double management. First, disaster risk reduction and
climate change adaptation can help countries reduce expected climate-related
losses. However, these investments cannot fully insulate the countries against
major disaster losses. Disaster risk financing in general and insurance in
particular can help reduce the direct and indirect cost of disasters. For
example, experience shows that delays in post-disaster emergency and early
recovery activities affect mostly the poor and have long term developmental
impact. These delays are sometimes due to lack of financial resources. Insurance
can help countries access immediate resources after a disaster.

How does a regional risk insurance program, currently being developed for the
Pacific Islands, bring greater benefits than emergency funding mechanisms
already in place?

This initiative aims to provide the Pacific island countries with cost-effective
and sustainable financial solutions to complement the post-disaster donor
assistance. It builds on the three tier approach:

1. national reserves,

2. contingent credit, and

3. regional risk pooling through the proposed Pacific Disaster Reserve Fund.

The regional pooling mechanism, Pacific Disaster Reserve Fund, is under
discussion. It would provide the affected countries with immediate budget
support in case of a disaster. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 9, 2010 Tuesday

Financial Planning for Catastrophes: What Nations Can Do

LENGTH: 1006  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 09 -- The East Asia Pacific region sustains billions of dollars in
disaster losses annually. Even as governments struggle to recoup their losses,
nature is increasing the frequency and ferocity of its destruction. As always,
it is the poor that are hit hardest and small island nations that suffer the
most: the 2009 tsunami in Samoa wiped out 20% of its country's GDP whereas an
earlier hurricane in 1991 led to losses of a magnitude of 248% of GDP. (see
table below).

Any attempt at Disaster Risk Management today must include some financial
arrangements to help nations and poor householders alike to access financing in
the immediate aftermath of a disaster and to help offset the risk of some
disaster through new insurance mechanisms. Since 2006 GFDRR has co-financed 17
technical assistance projects and is working in 33 countries on DRF.

Question: What was the financial impact of natural disasters in Asia Pacific
during 2009?

Olivier Mahul: In 2009 economic losses in Asia from natural hazards was US$15.77
billion. Insured economic losses in Asia from natural hazards were US$1.57
billion (current). Only 10% of economic losses from natural disasters are
insured in Asia. If developed countries like Japan and South Korea are excluded,
this percentage falls below 3%.

Have you done any studies on the long term financial impact on GDP from natural
disasters for any countries in the region?

For most large economies, while the death toll can be unfortunately large, the
economic impact of rapid-onset disasters (e.g., tropical cyclones, earthquakes)
on GDP is somewhat limited because disasters usually do not affect the entire
country. The story is completely different for small countries/islands, where
the entire economy can be whipped out by an earthquake (see Haiti in 2010) or a
tropical cyclone.

drm_disaster_table

What percentage of the losses sustained by countries in the region can be
realistically offset by Disaster Risk insurance mechanisms?

Countries should develop a comprehensive disaster risk financing strategy based
on a three tier approach:

1. national reserves for small but recurrent disasters (e.g., landslides, etc.)

2. contingent credit for larger but less frequent events (e.g., large floods)

3. risk transfer instrument such as insurance for infrequent major disasters
(say, occurring once every 10 years or less frequently).

Most Asian countries (governments, small and medium enterprises (SMEs),
households) sustain most of their losses because the domestic insurance markets
are under-developed. Disaster insurance can help (i) households and enterprises
to protect their dwellings, (ii) governments to protect their budget against
major fiscal impact due to natural disasters.

Can you compare the region's level of disaster risk insurance with that in
developed countries?

Catastrophe insurance penetration in Asian developing countries is very low. It
is estimated that insured catastrophe losses are up to 10 times lower than in
developed countries. For example less than 5% of the losses cause by the Aceh
Tsunami in 2004 where insured, and less than 1% of the losses cause by the
Yogyakarta earthquake in Indonesia in 2006 were insured. Likewise, the vast
majority of the economic losses caused by the floods in Pakistan are uninsured
and will have to be borne by households with possibly some assistance from the
government and the international community.

Since insurance depends on the state of the market in every country, can the
World Bank really help to boost financial risk markets in developing countries?
Or is risk financing really another mechanism for lending to developing
countries?

The World Bank can help countries increase their financial resilience to natural
disasters, as part of the broader disaster risk management agenda. The Caribbean
Catastrophe Risk Insurance Facility helps 16 Caribbean islands to access
immediate liquidity in case of a major disaster. A similar initiative (jointly
with the Asian Development Bank) is under preparation in the Pacific region. The
Bank also helps deepen local property catastrophe insurance markets (Turkish
Catastrophe Insurance Pool (TCIP) in Turkey), helps the herders access livestock
insurance against dzuds (harsh winters) in Mongolia, and help Indian farmers
access crop insurance.

What is the most cost effective way for governments to offset climate-related
financial risks? We have seen a quadrupling in the annual rate of disasters in
this region in the last decade.

Climate related risks need double management. First, disaster risk reduction and
climate change adaptation can help countries reduce expected climate-related
losses. However, these investments cannot fully insulate the countries against
major disaster losses. Disaster risk financing in general and insurance in
particular can help reduce the direct and indirect cost of disasters. For
example, experience shows that delays in post-disaster emergency and early
recovery activities affect mostly the poor and have long term developmental
impact. These delays are sometimes due to lack of financial resources. Insurance
can help countries access immediate resources after a disaster.

How does a regional risk insurance program, currently being developed for the
Pacific Islands, bring greater benefits than emergency funding mechanisms
already in place?

This initiative aims to provide the Pacific island countries with cost-effective
and sustainable financial solutions to complement the post-disaster donor
assistance. It builds on the three tier approach:

1. national reserves,

2. contingent credit, and

3. regional risk pooling through the proposed Pacific Disaster Reserve Fund.

The regional pooling mechanism, Pacific Disaster Reserve Fund, is under
discussion. It would provide the affected countries with immediate budget
support in case of a disaster Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                            April 21, 2012 Saturday

3 quarters of world's poor don't have bank account

LENGTH: 938 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, April 21 -- Three quarters of the world's poor don't have a bank
account, not only because of poverty, but the cost, travel distance and amount
of paper work involved in opening an account, says new data released by the
World Bank on Thursday.

About 25 percent of adults earning less than $2 a day have saved at a formal
financial institution, according to the 2011 survey of about 150,000 people in
148 countries. The problem of being 'unbanked' is also linked to income
inequalitythe richest 20 percent of adults in developing countries are more than
twice as likely to have a formal account as the poorest 20 percent, according to
the data collected by Gallup, Inc for the World Bank's Global Financial
Inclusion Database. The bank's Development Research Group is building the
database with a 10-year grant from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.

The research offers the most comprehensive picture of how adults around the
world save, borrow, make payments and manage risk. Worldwide, 22 percent of
adults report having saved at a formal financial institution in the past 12
months. More than half of the population in developing countries doesn't have a
bank account, compared with just 10 percent in rich countries.

"Providing financial services to 2.5 billion 'unbanked' people could boost
economic growth and opportunity for the world's poor," said World Bank Group
President Robert B Zoellick. "Harnessing the power of financial services can
really help people pay for schooling, save for a home, or start a small business
that can provide jobs for others. This new report on the world's 'unbanked'
makes the casethe more poor people are banking today, the more they are banking
on their future."

Even among those who do have a formal bank account, only 43 percent use their
account to save. And 61 percent of account holders worldwide use their account
to receive payments from an employer, the government or family members living
elsewhere, according to the World Bank Global Financial Inclusion Database, or
Global Findex.

Women make up a disproportionately large share of the unbanked. For example,
while 37 percent of women in developing countries have an account, 46 percent of
men do. That gap is even bigger among those in povertywomen living below $2 a
day are 28 percent less likely than men to have a bank account.

"Financial tools for savings, insurance, payments, and credit are a vital need
for poor people, especially women, and can help families and whole communities
lift themselves out of poverty," says Gates Foundation co-chair Melinda Gates.
"The Global Findex can enhance our understanding of how poor households access
and use financial services."

Lacking a bank account often forces savers to resort to risky measures, such as
putting money under the mattress, says Development Policy director and Finance
and Private Sector Network chief economist Asli Demirguc-Kunt, who co-authored
the paper analysing Global Findex data.

"That makes it harder to build up reserves, let alone use credit, insurance and
other complex formal financial tools," she says.

The database also identifies the barriers to financial inclusion. Nearly
two-thirds of the unbanked cite poverty as the main culprit, but within that
group, about a third of them also blame the cost of opening and maintaining an
account or the banks being too far away (which means long bus rides for many).

"These barriers may have proved to be excessive, especially considering that
many people can only set aside a very small amount of money each month," says
Global Findex supervisor and Development Research Group lead economist Leora
Klapper. "Policy makers should take note that adults who save informally find
the physical, bureaucratic and cost barriers to opening a bank account to be
especially prohibitive."

Money transfers through mobile phones are a form of increasingly popular
nontraditional banking, which often doesn't require users to travel or set up an
account at a brick-and-mortar bank. Such mobile banking, which allows account
holders to pay bills, make deposits or conduct other transactions via text
messaging, has expanded to16 percent of the market in Sub-Saharan Africa, where
traditional banking has been hampered by transportation and other infrastructure
problems. In particular, Kenya has seen impressive growth in that market, with
68 percent of adults using a mobile phone for money transactions.

The widespread use of informal-savings mechanisms suggests a missed opportunity
for the market to provide safe, affordable financial products to the unbanked.
For example, adults who don't use banks or other formal financial institutions
often turn to fairly sophisticated methods to manage their finances, such as
rotating-savings clubs or credit associations. Each week, those clubs pool
deposits from members and give the entire collection to a designated member. The
practice is particularly popular in Sub-Saharan Africa, where 48 percent of
savers use an informal savings club or person outside the family to save. In
Nigeria, 69 percent of adults who save use the clubs, also known there as esusu,
ajo, cha, or adashi.

Few adults in developing countries use formal financial products to manage risk.
More than 11 percent of adults in developing countries have an outstanding loan
for emergencies or health-care needs, but more than 80 percent of these adults
use only informal sources of credit. Of adults in developing countries working
in farming, forestry or fishing, only 6.0 percent of them have crop, rainfall or
livestock insurance. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily
Times.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             April 24, 2012 Tuesday

Pakistan: New database shows three quarters of world's poor are "Unbanked"

LENGTH: 465 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, April 24 -- Three quarters of the world's poor do not have a bank
account, not only because of poverty, but also because of the cost, travel
distance, and amount of paper work involved in opening one, says the World Bank.
Those without access to formal banking often have to rely on money lenders who
often charge high fees. The "unbanked" are also less likely to start their own
business or insure themselves against unexpected events.

Financial inclusion or being "banked" can be transformative, as it allows poor
people to build a more secure future. The ability to save and borrow allows them
to build their assets, start a business, invest in education, establish a credit
rating, and eventually own a home. "Providing financial services to the 2.5
billion people who are 'unbanked' could boost economic growth and opportunity
for the world's poor," said World Bank Group President Robert B. Zoellick.
"Harnessing the power of financial services can really help people to pay for
schooling, save for a home, or start a small business that can provide jobs for
others. This new report on the world's 'unbanked' makes the case: the more poor
people are banking today, the more they are banking on their future." Women are
particularly disadvantaged when it comes to access to financial services. Only
37 per cent of women in developing countries have an account, whereas 46% of men
do. That gap is even bigger among those in poverty: Women living below $2 a day
are 28 percent less likely than men to have a bank account. Worldwide, 22
percent of adults report having saved at a formal financial institution in the
past 12 months, according to the World Bank's Global Financial Inclusion
Database, or Global Findex. Findex provides the most comprehensive picture yet
of how people around the world save, borrow, make payments and manage risks.
Even among those who do have a formal bank account, only 43 percent of adults
use their account to save. Yet 61 percent of account holders worldwide use their
account to receive payments from an employer, the government or family members
living elsewhere. The data was collected by Gallup, Inc. using the Gallup World
Poll Survey. The Bank's Development Research Group is building the database with
a 10-year grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. Few adults in
developing countries use formal financial products to manage risk. More than 11
percent of adults in developing countries have an outstanding loan for
emergencies or health-care needs, but more than 80% of these adults use only
informal sources of credit. Of adults in developing countries working in
farming, forestry or fishing, only 6 percent of them have crop, rainfall or
livestock insurance Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right
Vision News.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                              March 5, 2012 Monday

Just tokenism, says Tarigami

LENGTH: 398 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, March 5 -- Terming the budget as a half hearted exercise, CPI (M) state
secretary and MLA Kulgam, Mohammad Yousuf Tarigami said that the present budget
was devoid of any road map for revitalization of state's economy and ignored the
basic concerns of the people.

"Despite claims of increase in SGDP (state gross domestic product), the fact
remains that purchasing power of the common man is constantly coming down and is
forced to bear the brunt of rising prices and inflation", said Tarigami.

"Instead of offering token concessions under VAT and GST, the thrust should have
been on agriculture and horticulture; the key sectors of our economy providing
livelihood to nearly 80% of our population. For making crop and livestock
insurances schemes successful, no big initiatives find place in the budget",
said he.

Tarigami added that basic public issues were ignored, consequently the budget
did not carry any mention of food security, universalization of public
distribution system, solving unemployment and making social security schemes
people oriented.

"A major chunk of population has been left out of PDS as the state was getting
food grains as per 2001 census. The Sheri-Kashmir Employment and Welfare
Programme for Youth (SKEWPY) and other self employment schemes have failed to
attract the unemployed youth but no measures have been proposed by increasing
capital seed components, simplifying procedural formalities and broadening their
scope", Tarigami questioned.

"No serious efforts have been indicated for rejuvenation of our heritage
industries which have already suffered a lot due to global recession and nothing
has been proposed for rehabilitation of a large number of traditional artisans",
blurted he, adding that no enhancement had been proposed in the wages of ReTs,
ReZs, SPOs and VDC members.

"Likewise casual labourers, contractual and contingency paid workers engaged in
PDD, RDD, floriculture, agriculture, hydraulic and other departments are also
meagerly paid and even left wage-less for months. No mention has been made of
any initiative to regularize the daily wagers working for many years", Tarigami
said.

Despite tall claims of being a welfare state, the government has shown its
unwillingness to enhance old age and widow pensions and bringing transparency in
its disbursement, complained he. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Kashmir Images.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                            March 6, 2013 Wednesday

No roadmap to address unemployment, price rise and dependence on imports:
Tarigami

LENGTH: 896 words

DATELINE: JAMMU


JAMMU, March 6 -- Terming it as a lax exercise on part of the government, CPI
(M) State Secretary Mohammad Yousuf Tarigami has said only rosy figures have
been painted in the present budget which is devoid of any relief for the common
people. He said different sections of society be it the unemployed educated
youth, people associated with business, agriculture, horticulture, handicrafts,
causal labourers, daily wagers, contractuals, Nambardars, Chowkidars and members
of Panchayas; the present budget has nothing significant to offer and instead
has furthered desperation and disappointment.

Dismayed over the lopsided response to the grave unemployment crisis in the
state, the CPI (M) leader observed that the figures about mere counseling
sessions which according to the government have benefited to some 4500
unemployed youth out of 4.89 Lakh unemployed registered till December 2012, is
indicative of the fact the present budget is devoid of any comprehensive plan to
address the unemployment crisis in the state. He said it was expected from the
present budget to mitigate the sufferings of the educated youth who are craving
for jobs and most of them being at the verge of age bar.

The Sheri-Kashmir Employment and Welfare Programme for Youth (SKEWPY) has failed
to attract the unemployed youth but no measures have been proposed by increasing
capital seed components, simplifying procedure formalities and broadening their
scope. Similarly, boosting about Voluntary Service Allowance, Self Employment
Scheme, finance for entrepreneurship and scholarships in the present budget
substantiates the fact that planners behind the present budget does not seem to
have any substantive measures to tackle the unemployment crisis.

The CPI (M) leader stated that budget is silent about the delayed payment of
honorariums to the casual labourers. Similarly, the budget has not mentioned
anything about the marketing facilities and infrastructure for horticulture
produce. He said nothing has been earmarked with regard to establishment of cold
storage chains across the state for better marketing of horticulture produce.
"Instead of nominal concessions in VAT and GST, the thrust should have been on
agriculture, horticulture--the key sectors of our economy which continue to
provide livelihood to nearly 80% of our population due to insignificant
industrial base. It should have been the endeavor of the government to make farm
sector attractive by further subsidization of fertilizers, pesticides and farm
equipments and also reducing the interest on farm loans, besides enhancing
allocations for irrigation sector. Moreover need is felt to check the import of
substandard farm ingredients For making crop and livestock insurances schemes
successful, no big initiatives find place in the budget in this regard," he
added.

Given the enormous quantity of mutton consumption in Jammu and Kashmir, the
government has not reflected anything substantive in the present budget to make
the state self sufficient in this sector and minimize its dependence on the
livestock import.

He said handicrafts sector is shrinking and the people associated with the
business are sure to be dismayed lot given the no response from the government
in the present budget. Tarigami said though the enhancement in ex gratia relief
for police personnel is appreciable but at the same time the budget has ignored
the civilians in this enhancement.

The CPI (M) leader has said termed the enhancement of in remuneration of Rs 2000
per month to all Sarpanchs and a fee of Rs 300 per sitting subject to a monthly
ceiling of Rs 600 per month to all Panchs inadequate and regretted the non
application of mind in this regard. "Given the nature of their job, the
government should have not left a big gap between Sarpanch and Panch in terms of
their remuneration. Their remuneration is totally inadequate in view of the
price rise," he said while lamenting that the government has not conceded to the
similar demands of Numberdars and Chowkidars whose remuneration has witnessed s
light increase recently.

Summarizing his observations, the CPI (M) leader has said the government has
once again shown its insensitiveness towards the basic issues before the common
man and consequently the budget does not carry any mention of food security,
universalization of public distribution system, solving unemployment and making
social security schemes people oriented. A major chunk of population has been
left out of PDS as the state was getting food grains as per 2001 census, he said
adding that it would have been in the interest of the common man to provide
subsidy under state share on the food grains and other daily needs.

No mention has been made of any initiative to regularize the daily wagers
working in various departments for many years. The budget also lacks release of
arrears in favour of the anganwadi workers and helpers under central and state
share and improving their working conditions alongwith ASHAs who were rendering
services tirelessly. Despite tall claims of being a welfare state, the
government has shown its unwillingness to enhance their pensions and bringing
transparency in the disbursement. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Kashmir Images. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                             March 22, 2015 Sunday

Budget has nothing substantial to offer: Tarigami

LENGTH: 503 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, March 22 -- Mohammad Yousuf Tarigami State Secretary CPI(M) and MLA has
said that the budget 2015-2016 presented by the government today reflects rosy
figures and is devoid of any relief for the common man. This budget has nothing
significant to offer and instead has furthered desperation and disappointment
for different sections of society, be it the unemployed educated youth, people
associated with business, agriculture, horticulture, handicrafts, causal
labourers, daily wagers, Anganwari workers/helpers, ASHAs, contractuals, SPOs,
old aged, handicapped, Nambardars and Chowkidars, Chopans, Gujjar and Bakerwal
community.

He said that peoples are dismayed over the response to the alarming unemployment
crisis in the state as the present budget lacks comprehensive plan to address
this issue. It was expected from the present budget to mitigate the sufferings
of the educated youth who are craving for jobs and most of them being at the
verge of age bar. Handicrafts sector which is considered as traditional source
of employment, is shrinking and the people associated with the business are sure
to be dismayed as their aspirations have not been reflected.

There is no concrete respite for people whose property including residential
houses and agriculture lands got damaged due to the devastating floods in
September 2014 across the state.

The budget is also silent about the delayed payment of wages to the casual
labourers working in different departments for years together. Similarly, the
budget has not mentioned anything about the marketing facilities and
infrastructure for horticulture produce. Nothing has been earmarked with regard
to establishment of cold storage chains across the state for better marketing of
horticulture produce. Subsidization of fertilizers, pesticides and farm
equipment, reducing the interest on farm loans, enhancing allocations for
irrigation sector have been totally ignored.

The government has once again shown its in-sensitiveness towards the basic
issues confronting the common man and consequently the budget does not carry any
mention of food security, universalization of public distribution system,
solving unemployment and making social security schemes people oriented. A major
chunk of population has been left out of PDS as the state was getting food
grains as per 2001 census, they said adding that it would have been in the
interest of the common man to provide subsidy under state share on the food
grains and other daily needs. For making crop and livestock insurances schemes
successful, no big initiatives find place in the budget in this regard. The
budget is silent about enhancement of honararium in favour of anganwadi workers
and helpers out of state share and improving their working conditions alongwith
ASHAs who were rendering services tirelessly.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Images. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                              May 30, 2016 Monday

Tarigami not impressed with budget

LENGTH: 615 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, May 30 -- Visibly unimpressed, senior CPI (M) leader and MLA Kulgam
Mohammad Yousuf Tarigami today said the budget presented by the Finance Minister
is a reflection of mere figures, and is devoid of any substantive relief for the
common people.

"It lacks concrete framework for revival of state's economy and no measures are
proposed for resource mobilization and providing succor to the downtrodden
sections under welfare schemes," he said.

"The budget is a routine exercise of rhetoric. It has nothing significant to
offer and instead has generated disappointment for financially vulnerable
sections of the society.

"Despite the demand for adequate funding for relief and rehabilitation of flood
victims, no funds have been proposed, which is very unfortunate," he opined.

Although a separate power budget has also been presented, but it also appears to
be a mere figure work and no future policy to augment the generation,
transmission and distribution and improving the defunct networking is seen in
the same, he pointed out.

The core sectors like agriculture, horticulture and livestock in terms of
allocations have totally been neglected, though the fact remains a measure chunk
of population is dependent on these sectors, Tarigami said.

The State being vulnerable to natural calamities is in dire need of crop and
livestock insurance schemes to provide respite to the affectees, which have not
been incorporated indicating the insensitiveness of the government towards these
sectors, he said.

More-so the farmers and growers are also subjected to losses due to substandard
and spurious pesticides and no attention has been paid to tackle this menace by
way of proposing testing laboratories in this regard, the CPI9M) leader said.

He said unemployment, which has assumed alarming propositions has been left
unattended in the document, "indicating lack of any roadmap to tackle this human
issue".

Harnessing of human resources and capacity-building under skill development has
also been ignored and even implementation of 7th Pay Commission has been negated
by the Finance Minister, which is very discouraging, said Tarigami.

He said for revival of the industrial sector, the budget does not carry any
vision, thereby disappointing the young and energetic skillful entrepreneurs.

"No to talk of regularization of over 60,000 youth engaged under various
categories, no time-frame or policy has been envisaged in the budget for
providing them wages regularly.

"Increase in honorarium of scheme workers including Anganwari workers/helpers,
ASHAs, and Mid-Day Meal workers has totally been kept out of the purview of the
budget.

"No enhancement has been proposed in the pension for the destitute like
old-aged, widows, handicapped, orphans and poor students," Tarigami said.

"You can't satisfy empty stomachs with deceptive figures and hollow promises",
he said and added that the negligible figures of flood relief amount has been
repeated and no allocations out of State resources have been earmarked, which he
said will be shocking for the traders, artisans, transporters, shopkeepers,
house-owners and other affectees, who are still held in financial crisis.

"The budget appears to be a replica of BJP model of governance, which has
miserably failed to take all onboard for development of the country. 'Sab Ka
Aath Sab Ka Vikas' as claimed by the BJP-led government has only facilitated
rich becoming richer and the poor the poorer," the sole Communist member of
Legislative Assembly said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Images. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Times (India)

                            March 6, 2013 Wednesday

Budget devoid of relief: Tarigami

LENGTH: 537 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, March 6 -- Terming it as a lax exercise on part of the government, CPI
(M) State Secretary Mohammad Yousuf Tarigami has said only rosy figures have
been painted in the present budget which is devoid of any relief for the common
people. He said different sections of society be it the unemployed educated
youth, people associated with business, agriculture, horticulture, handicrafts,
causal labourers, daily wagers, contractuals, Nambardars, Chowkidars and members
of Panchayats; the present budget has nothing significant to offer and instead
has furthered desperation and disappointment.

Dismayed over the lopsided response to the grave unemployment crisis in the
state, the CPI (M) leader observed that the figures about mere counseling
sessions which according to the government have benefited some 4500 unemployed
youth out of 4.89 lakh unemployed registered till December 2012, is indicative
of the fact that the present budget is devoid of any comprehensive plan to
address the unemployment crisis in the state. He said it was expected from the
present budget to mitigate the sufferings of the educated youth who are craving
for jobs and most of them being at the verge of age bar.

The CPI (M) leader stated that budget is silent about the delayed payment of
honorariums to the casual labourers. Similarly, the budget has not mentioned
anything about the marketing facilities and infrastructure for horticulture
produce. "Instead of nominal concessions in VAT and GST, the thrust should have
been on agriculture, horticulture---the key sectors of our economy which
continue to provide livelihood to nearly 80% of our population due to
insignificant industrial base. It should have been the endeavor of the
government to make farm sector attractive by further subsidization of
fertilizers, pesticides and farm equipments and also reducing the interest on
farm loans, besides enhancing allocations for irrigation sector. Moreover need
is felt to check the import of substandard farm ingredients For making crop and
livestock insurances schemes successful, no big initiatives find place in the
budget in this regard," he added.

The CPI (M) leader has said termed the enhancement of in remuneration of Rs 2000
per month to all Sarpanches and a fee of Rs 300 per sitting subject to a monthly
ceiling of Rs 600 per month to all Panches inadequate and regretted the non
application of mind in this regard.

Summarizing his observations, the CPI (M) leader has said the government has
once again shown its insensitiveness towards the basic issues before the common
man and consequently the budget does not carry any mention of food security,
universalization of public distribution system, solving unemployment and making
social security schemes people oriented. A major chunk of population has been
left out of PDS as the state was getting food grains as per 2001 census, he said
adding that it would have been in the interest of the common man to provide
subsidy under state share on the food grains and other daily needs. Published by
HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Times. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Kashmir Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                             June 6, 2015 Saturday

Farmers to get interest-free loans

BYLINE: Israr Khan

SECTION: Vol. 25 No. 102

LENGTH: 317  words


The government has announced some incentives for agriculture sector in order to
boost its productivity and jack-up country's economy and exports, as it provides
livelihood for almost two out of every five Pakistanis and contribute one-fifth
to GDP.

The government 'Credit Guarantee Scheme' announced in the last budget is
operational and the government, through the State Bank of Pakistan will provide
guarantee to commercial, specialised and micro finance banks for up to 50
percent loss sharing. The scheme will cover farmers having up to 5 acres
irrigated and 10 acres non-irrigated land holdings. It will benefit 300,000
farmer households/families with a loan size up to Rs100,000. Total disbursement
under this scheme will be Rs30 billion while the government will have a
contingent budget cost of Rs5 billion. Crop loan insurance scheme is already in
operation and will continue in the future.

To encourage more investments and to incentivise farmers to engage in livestock
development, last year the government announced a scheme for reimbursement of
premium for livestock insurance to mitigate the risk of losses of small
livestock farmers. This scheme is now operational and allows small farmers
having 10 cattle to get this support.

The government has also targeted to provide agriculture credit to farmers to the
tune of Rs600 billion during 2015/16 against Rs500 billion in 2014/15.

Interest-free loans will be provided to farmers for setting up new solar tube
wells or replacing the existing with solar tube wells. Under this scheme it is
proposed to provide mark-up free loans for 30,000 tube wells in the next three
years.

All farmers with landholdings up to 12.5 acres will be eligible to apply for
this loan. A three-year tax holiday has been announced for setting up and
operating cold chain facilities and setting up and operating warehousing
facilities for storage of agriculture produce.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                             July 25, 2015 Saturday

Banks surpass agri credit target, disburse Rs515bln

BYLINE: Erum Zaidi

SECTION: Vol. 25 No. 149

LENGTH: 647  words


Banks surpassed the agricultural credit disbursement target set by the State
Bank of Pakistan's (SBP) agricultural credit advisory committee and disbursed
Rs515.9 billion during the last fiscal year 2014/15 - 31.8 percent higher than
2013/14 disbursements of Rs391.4 billion, SBP figures showed Friday.

The government set the indicative target of Rs500 billion for FY15, which was
ambitious by any standards given the higher risk perception of banks about agri
financing and volatility in the prices of agri produce.

The SBP adopted a multipronged strategy for achieving the target. The strategy
included sensitising banks to adopt agri financing as a viable business line,
diversification of agri lending portfolio of banks, increase in per acre credit
limits and extending the scope of eligible items, development of new product
eco-system including value chain financing, and inclusion of Microfinance and
Islamic banks for small and faith sensitive clients.

Further, for deepening agri financing outreach, Fast Track Lending Programme was
launched during the year for farm and non-farm activities in selected districts
of the country. In addition, farmers' awareness and financial literacy
programmes were conducted at grassroots level.

It is pertinent to mention that the agricultural credit targets have
continuously been surpassed since FY 2011-12 with an average real growth of 10.8
percent as compared with 3 percent growth in agriculture GDP for the same
period.

In addition to achieving the indicative agri credit target, the SBP implemented
all the budgetary initiatives and projects in collaboration with banks during
the year.

These include enhancement of the scope of Crop Loan Insurance up to 25 acres,
rollout of Livestock Insurance for small farmers, launch of credit guarantee
scheme for small and marginalised farmers, introduction of Warehouse Receipts
Financing, and loans for solar tube-wells, etc.

A detailed review of banks' performance for 2014-15 reveals that five major
banks collectively disbursed agri loans of Rs262.9 billion or 104.1 percent of
their annual target of Rs252.5 billion, which is higher by 34.5 percent from
Rs195.5 billion disbursed during the corresponding period the preceding year.
Amongst the five major banks, HBL has achieved 113 percent of its annual target,
MCB achieved 102.6 percent, UBL 101.4 percent, ABL 101.2 percent and NBP achieve
100.1 percent of its individual annual target. Among specialised banks, ZTBL
disbursed Rs 95.8 billion or 106.5 percent of its annual target of Rs 90.0
billion while PPCBL has disbursed Rs 10.5 billion achieving 91.2 percent against
its target of Rs11.5 billion during FY 2014-15.

Fifteen Domestic Private Banks as a group achieved 94.1 percent of its target.
Within this group Faysal Bank, Bank Alfalah, JS bank, Bank of Khyber, Bank of
Punjab, and Standard Chartered Bank were the top performers surpassing their
allocated annual targets. However, Summit bank achieved 99.6 percent, Habib
Metropolitan 96.2 percent, Askari 86 percent, Soneri bank 85.8 percent, NIB 85.3
percent, Sindh bank 80.9 percent, Bank Al Habib 72.1 percent whereas Silk bank
could only achieve 63.1 percent of their individual annual targets.

Eight microfinance banks as a group have surpassed their annual targets of Rs
28.2 billion by disbursing agri loans of Rs33.0 billion achieving 117 percent of
the allocated targets during FY 2014-15. Khushhali, First Microfinance Bank,
Tameer, Pak Oman, Waseela and U Microfinance bank have surpassed their targets,
while NRSP Microfinance bank could only manage 92.3 percent of its annual
target. Four Islamic banks, as a group, also posed impressive disbursement
figures exceeding their annual targets by disbursing Rs 5.0 billion against the
target of Rs 2.3 billion. Among the group, BankIslami, Meezan, and Albaraka Bank
have surpassed their annual targets for FY 2014-15.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 559 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              July 26, 2015 Sunday

Banks surpass agri credit target, Rs.516 billion disbursed in FY15

LENGTH: 735  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


Banks surpassed the agricultural credit disbursement target set by the SBP's
Agricultural Credit Advisory Committee (ACAC) for the year ending June 2015.
Against the indicative target of Rs 500 billion (which was 28% higher than the
actual agri credit disbursement of Rs.391 billion in FY14), banks disbursed Rs
515.9 billion in FY15, which was Rs 15.9 billion in excess of the target and
31.8% higher than the last year's disbursement of Rs 391.4 billion, said State
Bank of Pakistan (SBP) in a statement here Friday. Growth was also recorded in
the agri outstanding portfolio which stood at Rs 335.2 billion at end June, 2015
showing an increase of Rs.45 billion (up 15.5%) compared with the last year
position of Rs 290.3 billion. The agri credit target of Rs.500 billion in FY15
(28% growth) was ambitious by any standards, given the higher risk perception of
banks about agri financing and volatility in the prices of agricultural produce.
Nonetheless, the SBP adopted a multipronged strategy for achieving the target
which included sensitizing banks to adopt agri financing as a viable business
line, diversification of agri lending portfolio of banks, increase in per acre
credit limits and extending the scope of eligible items, development of new
product eco-system including value chain financing, and inclusion of
microfinance and Islamic banks for small and faith sensitive clients.

Further, for deepening agri financing outreach, Fast Track Lending Programme was
launched during the year for farm and non-farm activities in selected districts
of the country. In addition, farmers awareness and financial literacy programs
were conducted at grass root level. It is pertinent to mention that the
agricultural credit targets have continuously been surpassed since FY 2011-12
with an average real growth of 10.8% as compared with 3% growth in agriculture
GDP for the same period. In addition to achieving the indicative agri credit
target, SBP implemented all the budgetary initiatives and projects in
collaboration with banks during the year. These include enhancement of the scope
of Crop Loan Insurance up to 25 acres, rollout of Livestock Insurance for small
farmers, launch of Credit Guarantee Scheme for small and marginalized farmers,
introduction of Warehouse Receipts Financing and loans for solar tube-wells,
etc. These achievements were made possible because of the support of the
Government and leadership of the Governor, Ashraf Mahmood Wathra and Deputy
Governor, Saeed Ahmad through conducting regular meetings of ACAC and
performance review of banks, it said. A detailed review of banks' performance
for 2014-15 reveals that five major banks collectively disbursed agri. loans of
Rs 262.9 billion or 104.1% of their annual target of Rs 252.5 billion which is
higher by 34.5% from Rs 195.5 billion disbursed during the corresponding period
last year. Amongst the five major banks, HBL has achieved 113 % of its annual
target, MCB achieved 102.6%, UBL 101.4%, ABL 101.2% and NBP achieve 100.1 % of
its individual annual target. Among specialized banks, ZTBL disbursed Rs 95.8
billion or 106.5% of its annual target of Rs 90.0 billion while PPCBL has
disbursed Rs 10.5 billion achieving 91.2% against its target of Rs 11.5 billion
during FY 2014-15. Fifteen Domestic Private Banks as a group achieved 94.1% of
its target. Within this group Faysal bank, Bank Alfalah, JS bank, Bank of
Khyber, Bank of Punjab and Standard Chartered Bank were the top performers
surpassing their allocated annual targets. However, Summit bank achieved 99.6%,
Habib Metropolitan 96.2%, Askari 86%, Soneri bank 85.8%, NIB 85.3%, Sindh bank
80.9%, Bank Al Habib 72.1% whereas Silk bank could only achieve 63.1% of their
individual annual targets. Eight Microfinance banks as a group have surpassed
their annual targets of Rs 28.2 billion by disbursing agri. loans of Rs 33.0
billion achieving 117% of the allocated targets during FY 2014-15. Khushhali,
First Microfinance bank, Tameer, Pak Oman, Waseela and U Microfinance bank have
surpassed their targets while NRSP Microfinance bank could only manage 92.3% of
its annual target. Four Islamic banks, as a group, also posed impressive
disbursement figures exceeding their annual targets by disbursing Rs 5.0 billion
against the target of Rs 2.3 billion. Among the group, Bankislami, Meezan and
Albaraka Bank have surpassed their annual targets for FY 2014-15.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 559 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 2002 ILSA Journal of International &
                                Comparative Law
                ILSA Journal of International & Comparative Law

                                  Summer, 2002

                          8 ILSA J Int'l & Comp L 941

LENGTH: 10896 words

ANALYSIS AND APPLICATION: The Political Economy of Violence and Insecurity in
the Borderlands of Northern Kenya: A Social Cubism Perspective

NAME: Joshia Osamba *

BIO:



   * Joshia Osamba is a Lecturer of History at Egerton University, Kenya. He
teaches courses in military history, governance, constitutionalism,
International Humanitarian Law, and conflict resolution. In his research he has
especially focused on trade unionism, ethnic conflict, governance, and African
indigenous methods of conflict resolution. His paper Banditry and Cattle
Rustling in Northwestern Kenya has been published in the Accord African Journal
on Conflict Resolution (2000). Joshia has presented papers at international
conferences in Senegal, South Africa, Ethiopia, and in the USA. Currently he is
a doctoral candidate in conflict resolution and a Junior Fulbright Scholar in
the Department of Conflict Resolution and Analysis at Nova Southeastern
University, Fort Lauderdale, USA.

   An earlier version of this chapter was published in the Accord African
Journal On Conflict Resolution, Volume 1, Number 2, 2000. The author expresses
his gratitude to Sean Byrne of Nova Southeastern University for the valuable
comments and suggestions Dr. Byrne made on earlier drafts of this article.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Since the 1980s, conflicts and violence involving pastoral communities in
the borderlands of northern Kenya have become endemic. ... The last twenty years
have witnessed an escalation of violence and insecurity in the form of banditry
and cattle rustling (raids) in the borderlands of northern Kenya. ... This
chapter examines and analyzes the political economy of violence and insecurity
in the borderlands of northern Kenya with particular emphasis on the banditry
and cattle rustling phenomena. ...  For example, each pastoral group tries to
tilt the military scale to its favor. ... The chapter now analyzes the dynamics
of violence and insecurity in the borderlands of northern Kenya using the social
cubism framework. ...  Thus to continue with their age-old pastoral practice
they have to raid other communities to replenish lost stock. ... The violence
and insecurity that has been created by banditry and cattle rustling activities
in northern Kenya can be addressed at different levels of intervention. ...  It
has pointed out that the phenomena of banditry and cattle rustling have greatly
contributed to the emergence of an environment of violence and insecurity in
this region. ...

TEXT:
 [*941]  I. ABSTRACT

   Since the 1980s, conflicts and violence involving pastoral communities in the
borderlands of northern Kenya have become endemic. The violence has especially
taken the form of banditry and cattle rustling. The emergence of cattle warlords
among the pastoral groups has contributed to the internationalization and
commercialization of cattle rustling activities. Acts of banditry and cattle
rustling have led to loss of human lives, stealing of livestock,  [*942]  and
displacement of populations. Thus violence and insecurity have become the order
of the day in the region. This Chapter analyzes the violence and insecurity in
the borderlands of northern Kenya using the social cubism perspective to
demonstrate how issues in a conflict are often related and interlinked with one
another. The Chapter also examines possible strategies for a third party
conflict intervention to control or deescalate the violence.

   II. INTRODUCTION

   Since the 1990s communal conflicts have become endemic all over the World.
There are both internal and external events and trends that have contributed to
the emergence of these conflicts.  n1 In Africa for example, conflict and
violence seem to assume different dimensions, ranging from civil wars in
Somalia, Liberia, Congo Democratic Republic and Sierra Leone to genocide in
Rwanda and Burundi. Such conflicts have severely undermined the social cohesion
of African states.

   The last twenty years have witnessed an escalation of violence and insecurity
in the form of banditry and cattle rustling (raids) in the borderlands of
northern Kenya.  n2 Generally speaking, cattle rustling between pastoral groups
cuts across communal lines and national borders. The phrase, "borderlands of
northern Kenya" is used in this article to refer to the region straddling the
Kenyan, Ugandan, Sudanese, Ethiopian, and Somalian borders. The area is often
referred to as "bandit zone" or "bandit belt" because of the illegal firearms in
the hands of pastoral groups who are using them to create havoc in the form of
cattle rustling and banditry.  n3 The term "pastoralists" is applied in the
study to denote people whose main mode of production is the herding of livestock
such as cattle, camels, goats, and donkeys on extensive bases or in combination
with some form of agricultural activities.  n4 In Eastern Africa, such
communities include the Turkana, the Pokot, the Samburu, the Somali, and the
Borana of Kenya, the Toposa and the Merille of Ethiopia and Sudan, and the
Karamojong and the Jie of Uganda.

    [*943]  Thus, a study of the political economy of violence and insecurity
amidst challenges of globalization and the new World order is central to our
understanding of ethnopolitical and communal conflict in Eastern Africa. We
intend in this chapter, to address the following pertinent issues as they relate
to violence and insecurity in the borderlands: What are the main causes of
violence and insecurity in northern Kenya? Is the conflict resource or identity
based? How can the conflict and violence be addressed? What level of conflict
resolution intervention is necessary in the region?

   This chapter examines and analyzes the political economy of violence and
insecurity in the borderlands of northern Kenya with particular emphasis on the
banditry and cattle rustling phenomena. Part One of the chapter provides a
contextual background of the pastoral economy as it relates to conflict over
resources, especially in the last thirty years or thereabout. Part Two provides
an analysis of the conflict using the social cubism model. Part Three discusses
what type of third party intervention may be useful in facilitating a resolution
of the conflict. In the conclusion, the chapter provides a compressed discussion
of the key ideas in the study.

   III. BANDITRY AND CATTLE RUSTLING IN THE PASTORAL ECONOMY: A CONTEXTUAL
BACKGROUND

   Much of northern Kenya is semi-arid, and the area is only suitable for a
pastoral mode of production. Available evidence shows that pastoralists have
been able to eke out a frugal existence from the harsh climatic environment of
the borderlands for centuries.  n5 Throughout their history livestock has been
their economic and social lifeline. Some of the pastoralists such as the Turkana
and the Pokot, however, practice transhumance, a settled form of pastoralism
through which only animals are moved in search of pasture and water while the
families settle "permanently" in given locations.

   Historically, firearms seem to have not played a prominent role in the early
military organization of East African pastoral and semi-pastoral communities. It
was only in the late 19th century that the pioneer East African Coastal
Arab-Swahili traders and the 'Khatoumers' ventured into the borderlands of
Eastern Africa and the Nile headwaters thereby introducing firearms as a trade
item.  n6 Undoubtedly, at present pastoralists in the borderlands are facing
unprecedented  [*944]  challenges in their long history that often lead to
serious violent struggle for survival. In the last twenty-five years, for
example, ecological cataclysms, droughts, famines as well as competition for
resources have contributed to conflict and violence among pastoral communities.
n7 A majority of pastoral societies in the borderlands have therefore become
militarized and increasingly rely on firearms.

   However, Odegi-Awuondo contends that the root causes of the current
socio-economic problems in pastoral areas can be traced to the policies of the
British colonial Government.  n8 For instance, in its attempt to pacify these
communities, the colonial Government adopted harsh policies, which contributed
to the economic and political marginalization of these communities. For example,
the Government favored the establishment of White settler plantation agriculture
in Kenya at the expense of peasant economy. In order to make more fertile land
available for alienation for White settlement, the colonial Government
demarcated small 'tribal' reserves for African populations.  n9 Most pastoral
communities were consequently pushed out of the most fertile land into the drier
parts of the country. Moreover, colonial officials regarded pastoralism as a
primitive mode of production and efforts were therefore made to discourage it.
For instance, the first colonial Governor of Kenya, Sir Charles Eliot declared
that pastoralism had no future in Kenya.  n10 Also colonial anthropologists
propagated myths about the low status of pastoralism in the human social and
economic evolution.

   Since colonial times pastoral communities have faced State harassment and
repression. For example, during the colonial period, northern Kenya was a closed
district and was administered by military officers.  n11 Free movement of people
and animals in and out of the district was restricted. This policy was aimed at
monitoring activities of the pastoral groups. The British referred to pastoral
groups such as the Turkana and the Pokot as 'war-like', violent, and as
recalcitrant communities. This stereotyping was a way of creating an enemy image
and justification for counter aggression.  n12 For example, the Government often
sent punitive military expeditions against the pastoralists. Such expeditions
often led to the killing of people, and confiscation of livestock.

    [*945]  The post-independence Kenyan Government seems to have adopted the
same strategy in dealing with frequent cattle rustling activities in the
borderlands.  n13 However, despite the use of force, the State has not achieved
its objectives. Rather it has exacerbated the problem. The bandits and cattle
raiders, for example, often possess more sophisticated weapons than those of the
Government's security forces. The bandits, therefore, appear to reign supreme in
the borderlands. Consequently, as a means of obtaining a few animals and
improving one's fighting ability, raiding had evolved into almost full-scale
military operation.  n14 Not only young men were killed, but women and children
were murdered as well. Huts, stores, and harvests were set on fire and shops
looted.

   The political turmoil in the neighboring countries in the 1980s provided an
opportunity for pastoralists to easily acquire lethal firearms.  n15 Moreover,
some African governments, rather than resolving long-standing ethnic conflicts,
have tended to provide weapons to one group to fight against another. For
example, the on-going civil war in Southern Sudan has proved to be a boom for
the firearm trade in the borderlands.  n16 For instance, both the Sudanese
government and the Sudanese Peoples Liberation Army (SPLA) guerillas, provide
arms to their collaborators in the region.

   Since the late 1970s, the following combination of factors has contributed to
the apparent destitution of pastoralists in northern Kenya.  n17 First, cattle
diseases wiped out most of the livestock. Second, perennial droughts led to
famine. Third, there was an increase in cattle raids and military attacks by
heavily armed Karamajong and Turkana raiders, collectively termed Ngorokos
(bandits). In addition, between 1984 and 1986, the Kenyan Government sent a
punitive military operation into the pastoral district of Pokot ostensibly to
seize illegal firearms. That major security operation is referred to by the
Pokot as the "Lotiriri," after the noise of the helicopters used in the
Government  [*946]  onslaught against them and their animals.  n18 During the
operations, the security forces confiscated thousands of Pokot livestock while
others died because of the drought or lack of adequate attention while in the
hands of security forces. Such measures obviously did not achieve the intended
results since they seemed not to address the root causes of cattle rustling.

   Furthermore, from the late 1970s cattle rustling operations took a new
dimension based solely on individualistic rather than societal interests. For
example, while traditional raids hinged on communal interests and were monitored
by the community through laid down social norms, these new raids are based
entirely on private interests and are controlled by armed village leaders.  n19
This tendency has led to the emergence of cattle Warlords. Cattle warlordism is
a phenomenon that emerged among the Pokot and the Turkana in the 1980s. The
phenomenon came into the limelight when a number of charismatic, influential,
and wealthy people arose in these communities promising the people prosperity
and security. These Cattle Warlords include ex-chief, ex-servicemen,
businessmen, and ritual experts. They have created armed private militia, which,
apart from providing local security, also go on cattle raids against neighboring
communities and across the border into Uganda, Ethiopia, and Sudan. Warlordism
has thus apparently turned into a profitable venture for both Warlords and their
retainers.  n20 For example, they have maintained a strong trade network with
neighboring countries. The Warlords often organize joint cattle raiding
operations, involving thousands of retainers into Uganda, Sudan, and Ethiopia.
Cattle Warlords thus appear to be the new entrepreneurs of violence. According
to Reno, a warlord is typically a civilian who arms civilians with rudimentary
weapons to serve his political, economic, and social interests.  n21 Ironically,
some State officials, especially security forces and former servicemen, are also
reportedly engaged in cattle rustling activities, an occupation that has become
a lucrative venture for them.

   Traditionally, cattle rustling among the pastoralists was a cultural practice
and was regarded as merely a kind of "dangerous sport."  n22 Under the
traditional government system, the elders had the power to control or sanction
raids. Cattle raids were thus regarded as an acceptable communal response to
natural calamities and as a means for replenishing lost stock. The youth play a
[*947]  prominent role in the system of warlordism. They offer their services by
joining the warlord ragtag militia groups. Violence and insecurity in the
borderlands have become serious regional issues and not merely a local problem.
Much of the borderlands is deserted. Most families are often forced to flee
their homes for refugee camps and small trading centers in Kenya and Uganda.
n23

   Banditry and cattle rustling activities in northern Kenya have affected
millions of people, ranging from the Turkana in the north, the Samburu and the
Pokot in the center, and the Keiyo, the Marakwet, and the Tugen in the south of
the study area. Cattle rustling activities however, are more intense among the
Pokot and the Turkana communities. For example, each pastoral group tries to
tilt the military scale to its favor. It keeps on shifting especially between
the Pokot and the Turkana.  n24 This apparent rivalry leads to an endless cycle
of retributive raids and counter-raids between the two communities. The pastoral
communities are thus involved in an arms race of their own coinage. Bandits and
Cattle Warlords seem to thrive in this environment of lawlessness. The ability
of the Warlords to organize and arm their forces is a clear indication that the
State has lost the monopoly over the use of force.  n25 It is worth noting that
pastoral groups often live in scattered villages which makes it difficult for
the State to effectively control them. Because of the state of anarchy and
lawlessness in the borderlands of northern Kenya, it is very difficult to
implement any development project. The few Government officers and NGOs based in
the area live in constant fear of bandits.

   IV. A SOCIAL CUBISM PERSPECTIVE

   The chapter now analyzes the dynamics of violence and insecurity in the
borderlands of northern Kenya using the social cubism framework.  n26 The social
cubism model takes cognisance of potential internal factors to elucidate the
complexities of conflict. The framework shows how in ethnopolitical conflicts,
the conflict plays out in diverse dimensions of social life such as the
political, economic, and social realms. It is possible to use the model to
demonstrate the nexus of relationships between economic, political,
psychocultural, demographic, religious, and historical factors. These dynamics
of conflict in the various social locales relate mutually with each other to
entrench the conflict and make it resistant to resolution.

    [*948]  The social cubism framework is useful in conflict analysis because
it shows the need for conflict resolution interveners to analyse conflict from
all angles and perspectives. In other words, just like a cube that has six
sides, issues in any given conflict are often related and interlinked to one
another. Consequently, in order to comprehend a conflict we have to identify and
address all factors that impinge on it in one form or another.

   V. HISTORICAL FACTORS

   Historically, pastoral communities have inhabited the borderlands of northern
Kenya from time immemorial.  n27 It is important to note that like other African
countries except Ethiopia, Kenya just like many other African countries, is a
colonial creation or a 'geographical expression'. Before colonialism, each
pastoral group was a separate nation living under its own social and political
institutions. Colonial boundaries, however, incorporated diverse groups of
people who had no cultural or political links or who were traditional enemies
into the same political entity in the name of Kenya.

   Many pastoral communities for example, do not see themselves as Kenyans
because of their long distance from the center of political administration.  n28
For instance, they refer to any person travelling southward beyond their
districts as 'going to Kenya'. Interestingly enough, the economic way of life of
pastoral communities is quite different from that of the majority of other
Kenyan groups. Apparently, the pastoralists seem to feel that they have very
little access to state economic resources. Pastoral communities in northern
Kenya generally view the Government as representing a sort of internal
colonialism. For example, in the 1960s, the Somali of northern Kenya waged
protracted though unsuccessful guerrilla warfare against Kenya in an attempt to
secede and join the republic of Somalia. Apart from missionaries and NGOs, State
involvement in economic development and provision of social services to the
pastoral groups in northern Kenya is minimal.  n29 Consequently, influential
pastoral leaders often instill a 'siege mentality' within their people to make
them feel they have been pushed to the wall and they must react in one form or
another to re-assert themselves, safeguard their interests, and make the
Government accede to their various demands. For instance, Jay Rothman clearly
points, conflicts in Africa are often  [*949]  "deeply rooted in existential
issues like cultural expressions and survival itself."  n30

   VI. PSYCHOLOGICAL FACTORS

   Psychological factors include identity, self-esteem, fear, and anger, among
others. The pastoralists traditionally regard themselves as a fearless and a
hardened people.  n31 This feeling is probably due to their harsh environment.
For example, they have high regard for their cultural practice of cattle
raiding. Moreover, they feel that unless they keep their enemies at bay they may
be overwhelmed and defeated militarily. Hence, the tendency to organise raids
against their neighbors. They also have a strong attachment to their culture,
which they feel has passed the test of time.  n32 Pastoral groups have remained
homogenous in values and interests. Such a uniformity often leads to what Von
Lipsey describes as concern for preserving only those things that are perceived
to be of value to the group or capable of increasing the group's power relative
to others within the society. That preservation of narrowly defined interests
work to the detriment of broader affiliations required for stability within the
society and the state.  n33

   Over the years there has been systematic erosion of the pastoralists' value,
ideology and lifestyles. However, livestock still remains the cornerstone of
their economy.  n34 For example, cattle have a lot of social and ritual values
to most pastoral groups. Cattle are used in many forms of reciprocal
relationships such as building social alliances, exchanges in times of
marriages, to pay fines, sacrifices, loans to friends and relatives.
Pastoralists see their cultural values as superior and unadulterated by
'outside' influence. Thus, among pastoral communities, killing of out-groups
members (especially warriors) and stealing their livestock are culturally and
socially acceptable practices and a sign of bravery.  n35 For example, among the
Turkana and Jie (of Uganda), cattle raiding was such an important activity that
everybody was expected to partake in. As John Lampear observes: "Any one even
the uninitiated, could go and fight . . . What would uninitiated men eat if they
just remained at home? Does the  [*950]  stomach distinguish between men?"  n36
Such 'bravado' attitude encouraged militancy among the youth who wanted to prove
their manliness and military prowess by going on raids. Traditionally, cattle
raiding by pastoral communities was both a natural response to disasters such as
drought, and an attempt to increase the numbers of their livestock as an
insurance against disasters. Also, it was a cultural practice of proving the
worth of one's community.  n37

   Kenyan Governments, since the colonial era, have attempted to control
pastoral activities. During the colonial period, for example, the aim was
ostensibly to pacify the pastoralists and to enforce law and order.  n38 Thus,
for a long time the official State policy tended to view cattle rustling as a
mere cultural problem of the pastoralists and not a serious issue of State
security. Yet, cattle rustling has now turned out to be a threat to State
security.

   VII. ECONOMIC FACTORS

   Economic factors are also important in our understanding of the violence and
insecurity situation in the borderlands. For example, Ali Said  n39 points out
that pastoral groups had self reliant economies which met most of their basic
needs Also, networks of exchange between pastoralists and cultivators have
always existed. Such reciprocal relations could enable the pastoralists to gain
access to cereals, salt, and pasture, among other items when required. However,
at present, because of the strong resource competition and conflict in the
region, the herder-farmer dichotomy has become quite manifest.  n40

   Basically, the age-old economic existence of pastoral economy has been
undermined by three major factors, namely: the emergence of nation-states, the
penetration of the market economy, climatic changes, and ecological cataclysms.
The incorporation of the pastoral economy into the global market economy to some
extent has also impacted negatively on societal structure, as well as on the
ethical, and moral foundations.  n41 The Government's apparent bias towards
agriculture is a clear indication of the low regard of pastoralism in  [*951]
State circles. For example, the international economy puts demand for more cash
crops hence alienation of pastoral land for the establishment of large
agricultural plantations. Much of the traditional pastoral grazing lands have
thus become private property of other people, under the State sanctioned
"willing-buyer-willing seller" principle. As John Mbaria correctly sums it: "The
old symbiosis between the pastoralists and the sedentary farmer has broken down,
suspicion and occasionally bloody conflict have taken its place, fanned by
politicians with a self-aggrandising agenda."  n42

   Undoubtedly, pastoral production system requires extensive land space for
livestock movements in response to changing weather and climatic patterns.
Pastoral groups depend largely on the products of their livestock. Thus to
continue with their age-old pastoral practice they have to raid other
communities to replenish lost stock. Hence, they suffer "tit for tat" raids.
Moreover, the pastoral districts of northern Kenya are largely underdeveloped in
terms of infrastructures, resource allocations, and availability of economic and
social services.

   VIII. RELIGIOUS FACTORS

   Religion seems not to play a prominent role in the violence and insecurity of
pastoral groups in the borderlands. It is worth noting that most members of the
pastoral communities still practice traditional religion although a significant
number of people have converted to Christianity.  n43 Traditional ritual experts
(Emuron) had a lot of influence in pastoral societies. In case of conflict,
these religious leaders in tandem with the elders would seek an amicable
solution acceptable to all the parties involved. Ritual experts were regarded as
divinely inspired and no one could challenge their decisions. Moreover, in the
traditional pastoral set up, elders were the judicial and political
decision-makers.

   The elders, at various levels handled all major conflicts in the society.
n44 For example, whenever there was a serious conflict between neighboring
groups the elders from both sides would call a peace palaver to try and resolve
the dispute. Members of the public were also allowed to attend and participate
in the peace making ceremony. The meeting would be held in a carnival atmosphere
punctuated with stories, songs, dance, and proverbs. The name of God and spirits
would be invoked during the meeting. A bull would be slaughtered and its blood
sprinkled into the air as a way of binding the disputants and members of the two
communities to the covenant. As a gesture of reconciliation the whole group
would eat the meat together. The whole  [*952]  society would thus be part of
the agreement and anybody who violated it could suffer some calamity. By and
large, negotiation, reconciliation or peace making was seen as re-establishment
of relationship between the people and also with their God and spirits that were
seen as witnesses and active participants. Agreements were entered into solemnly
by the taking of oaths and participating in rituals that were regarded as
binding and sacred. Punishment, restitution, and reconciliation were based on
the norms and values of the society. Thus, emphasis was placed on the repair of
damaged relations rather than retribution.  n45

   However, the pastoral societies are currently undergoing transformation due
to Western and Christian influence.  n46 Thus the powers of the elders and
ritual experts have declined as warrior-youth and educated elite acquire more
prominence in the society. Traditionally, before any raiding expedition, the
elders or spiritual leaders had to bless the raiders. Nowadays, however, such
blessings are rare since cattle Warlords themselves tend to organize most raids
without consulting the traditional political leadership. Nevertheless, there are
still a few pockets of ritual experts who bless warriors before raids, for
economic gains. For example, in April 2001, President Moi of Kenya is reported
to have issued a warning to such ritual experts telling them to discontinue the
practice or face arrest by police.  n47 It is my contention that these ritual
experts are likely to ignore such threats. In reality the State no longer has
effective control over northern Kenya. In that respect there are good reasons to
believe that indigenous approaches to conflict resolution could be valuable in
helping to resolve some of the conflicts in the borderlands.

   IX. POLITICAL FACTORS

   Politics is a major contributory factor to the current insecurity and
violence in the borderlands. The Government's reaction to its frustration and
inability to control acts of lawlessness has mainly been to send in security
forces, who more often than not opt to harass the civilian population for
allegedly collaborating with bandits and cattle rustlers instead of facing the
enemy.  n48 Such inhuman acts tend to make the State unpopular and the people
unwilling to cooperate with security forces. For example, whenever security
forces fail in their operations against bandits, they often vent their anger on
civilian  [*953]  population. They are terrorized both by the government and by
the bandits. Hence, the peoples' tendency to run away and escape from the reach
of both. The question that one may ask is what are the options left for the
pastoralists?

   The pastoral communities feel disfranchised by the Kenyan political system.
n49 For example, leaders of pastoral communities often express feelings of
exclusion from the center of national power and marginalization in all aspects
of life. For instance, the Kenyan Government seems to have adopted economic and
political policies, which tend to perpetuate the marginalization of pastoral
communities. This fact is evident in the distribution of economic and political
resources. The Government appears to recognize the importance of these societies
only when it requires their political support, such as during election time. As
such, pastoral leaders have often used the poverty and underdevelopment in their
areas as evidence of State marginalization.  n50 Some local political leaders
tend to encourage their people to continue with the age-old cultural practice of
cattle rustling. These politicians seem to fear that a denunciation of the
practice of cattle rustling may be politically suicidal. Such leaders claim to
be defenders of their people when in fact their aim is to safeguard their own
interests or to forestall the emergence of any potential challenge to their
authority. It is important to note that while these leaders ask their people to
remain steadfast in their cultural way of life, these same leaders send their
children to local colleges and abroad for higher education.  n51 This tends to
create a form of class differentiation in the society in which a few educated
pastoral families continue to possess political power at the expense of the poor
majority peasant-herders.

   In addition, these local political elite inculcates in their people a 'siege
mentality' by claiming that unless they act decisively to defend themselves they
would be wiped out by their traditional enemies.  n52 For example, the Pokot
leaders have rejected a call by the President of Kenya, Daniel arap Moi that
they surrender all illegal arms to the government. They declared that
surrendering their weapons would make their people vulnerable to attacks by the
militarized Karamonjong of Uganda. The Pokot are thus turning to their history
to support raids and other acts of violence against neighboring communities. For
example, in March 2001, a man by the name of Samuel Moroto was elected the new
Pokot Member of Parliament for Kapenguria to replace one of the alleged Pokot
Warlords, and former Cabinet Minister, the late Francis Lotodo. A few days
[*954]  after he was officially sworn in as Member of Parliament, Moroto
addressed a big rally in his constituency, and he declared that the Pokot were
going to use violence (force) to reclaim all land, which historically belonged
to them.  n53 Some of those lands were incorporated in the neighboring districts
of Turkana and Trans Nzoia during the colonial period Moroto's remarks were seen
as a symbolic declaration of 'war' against non-Pokot.

   The Pokot are thus using history to justify their actions and to emphasize
territorial and communal cohesion. They feel justified in evicting non-Pokot who
have taken over their ancestral land. As Carter and Byrne note: "Political
elites often attempt to instil a sense of common fate and group solidarity by
emphasizing in-group similarities and out-group differences, depicting group
members as interchangeable and personalizing inter-group conflict."  n54 Carter
and Byrne at the same time point out that groups tend to focus their story to
fit into their current situation, perception, and worldview.  n55

   There is clear evidence of prejudice and discrimination against pastoralists
in Kenya. For example, they are often referred to as "primitive," "uneducated,"
and a people suffering from a "cattle complex" mentality.  n56 Moreover, the few
members of pastoral communities in wage employment are mostly performing menial
tasks such as night security guards and waste collectors in towns. This is due
to the fact that western education is not yet rooted among these pastoral
communities.  n57

   As a matter of fact, State officials often threaten local chiefs with dire
consequences for failure to identify bandits and cattle rustlers who may be
operating in their localities. For example, these officials often apply
'collective punishment' on suspected clans whose members may have participated
in a cattle raid against neighboring communities. Such acts tend to alienate the
people further from the government, whom they see as an outside force
interfering with their way of life. Seemingly, such punishment and coercion
often opens a 'Pandora's box' and often exacerbates conflict. As John Burton
posits "if co-operative and non-violent social relationships are sought by
[*955]  societies, social norms, and institutions must be adapted to human
aspirations and not the other way a round."  n58

   The Government has tended to condemn cattle rustling among the pastoral
communities based largely on the false assumption that such raids are a
primitive factor relating to nomadic life.  n59 Thus, the State does not view
raids as partly an outcome of modern economic intrusion impinging on the
sociocultural setting of the pastoralists. To a large extent, changing social
and economic relations has compounded the cattle rustling activities.  n60 Part
of the reason is that commercialization and internationalization of cattle
rustling appear linked to the expanding global market for livestock and
livestock products, and the proliferation of weapons, all in the over the years.

   Clearly, poverty, hunger and destitution have become part and parcel of
aggressive and predatory pursuance of political goals. In such a scenario, the
State becomes an inconsequential irritant.  n61 Currently the politics of
pastoral communities seem to be dominated by warlordism. The state of insecurity
and lawlessness in the borderlands and the collapse of social and economic
structures have created a category of poverty-stricken peasant-herders who in
order to survive often resort to acts of banditry and cattle rustling.  n62

   X. DEMOGRAPHIC FACTORS

   In the last two decades or so, there has been some significant improvement in
medical services, especially by Christian missionaries and NGOs in the
borderlands.  n63 Such services have led to a steady rise in the population of
the pastoral people. In addition, the numbers of their livestock have increased.
These factors create demographic pressures resulting in more conflict over
grazing lands and water. At the same time, many people from non-pastoral
communities have acquired land in the pastoral areas. Such land loss inevitably
reduces the ability of the pastoralists to maintain large herds of livestock.
The new landowners have acquired title deeds (certificates) giving them legal
rights over such land. However, pastoral groups traditionally do not recognize
individual ownership of land since their mode of production requires expansive
territory and communal ownership of grazing lands and other resources.  n64
[*956]  Thus, attempts by pastoral societies to ignore individual land ownership
and boundaries tend to exacerbate tensions between pastoral and agricultural
communities. Consequently, there is often a clash of cultures between western
and traditional legal systems of land ownership.

   Due to insecurity in the borderlands the pastoral groups have abandoned more
than forty percent of their grazing lands and compressed into smaller areas.
n65 This state of affairs affects pastoral economy thereby contributing to land
degradation, which in turn exacerbates conflict.

   XI. POSSIBLE THIRD-PARTY INTERVENTION IN THE CONFLICT

   The violence and insecurity that has been created by banditry and cattle
rustling activities in northern Kenya can be addressed at different levels of
intervention. It appears that for a long time the Kenyan State has tended to
adopt a top-down or power-based approach in addressing the issue. Such a method
has failed miserably. Consequently, we suggest that there is a need for State
officials, pastoralists, and other affected parties should come together and
address the problem from a common ground.  n66 Such an intervention process
would involve the use of a "grass-roots-based" or a "bottom-up" approach, an
approach that is often referred to as "peacebuilding from below." At the same
time the conflict could be addressed from an interests-based approach.  n67 This
is an approach that could help the interveners to assist the parties identify
their concerns and needs, and therefore possibly to be in a better position to
develop common interests on which to build some consensus. In other words, a
transformation of the peoples' attitude and worldview is vital in any conflict
intervention in the borderlands.

   For example, the pastoral system must be recognized as an important component
of the Kenyan economy rather than an archaic practice that has to be discarded.
In that respect, both the Kenyan State and the pastoralists must begin to
acknowledge that each has the right to exist. Apparently, it appears that
pastoralists are yet to participate fully in making decisions affecting their
social life and economic development. Thus it is correct to say that many past
development interventions in pastoral areas have become a cropper due to
non-involvement of the pastoralists in their planning and implementation.  n68
Conflict resolution intervenors, therefore, must try to address the underlying
causes of  [*957]  the conflict rather than merely dealing with the symptoms.
Interestingly enough, more often than not, it is 'outsiders' who decide what
they perceive as problems afflicting pastoralists and suggest their resolutions
without involving the local people themselves. In other words, the policy seems
to be that pastoralists are to be 'seen and not to be heard'. In that regard,
these interveners tend to blame the pastoralists either for "overstocking and
overgrazing" rather than addressing the underlying causes of their problems.
n69

   An important point to remember is that many conflict resolution scholars and
practitioners agree, it is almost impossible to transform a society unless the
underlying needs of the parties involved in conflict are adequately identified,
recognized, and addressed.  n70 Thus, any solutions recommended by interveners
should take cognizance of the fact that pastoral communities have managed to
survive in their harsh environment for thousands of years. Hence, it would be
unreasonable to expect them to fundamentally change their lifestyle to an
untested future. Thus change must be gradual and should not be imposed from the
top. Due to suspicions and past negative experiences, both the Government and
pastoralists are often marooned in their cocoon unsure of the other's real
intentions.  n71

   Does pastoralism in northern Kenya have a future? Will the pastoral mode of
production survive against the various onslaughts ranged against it? Both
Aronson and Dyson-Hudsons contend that pastoralism faces an uncertain future.
n72 On the other hand, Mustafa Babiker  n73 points out that pastoralists are not
static and throughout their history they have adapted to new socio-economic and
physical conditions when necessary. Babiker at the same time is not amused with
claims of the imminent collapse of pastoralism. Furthermore Babiker avers that
the focus of studies of pastoral systems should change from the 'crises of
survival' model in favor of 'survival in crises' framework. Moreover, Babiker
opines that outsiders under the guise of 'experts' tend to offer solutions to
problems that they have never experienced. Some of their  [*958]
recommendations are half-baked and cannot stand the test of time. These conflict
resolution and development experts rarely seek the views of the local people
when deciding on development plans aimed at ameliorating their conditions.

   It is important to note that most of the African borders are porous and
contested.  n74 Bandits and cattle rustlers thus find it easy to oscillate
between the neighboring States, crossing international borders at will.  n75 The
fact that the neighboring countries have developed different conflict management
strategies and regulations often makes it difficult to effectively manage cross
border conflicts. For example, in Uganda pastoral groups are often permitted by
the State to own firearms, yet in Kenya the government has banned gun possession
by pastoralists.  n76

   It is our argument that for peaceful coexistence to be achieved, the pastoral
communities must accept the reality that each is part and parcel of the wider
geo-political and economic entity. We suggest that for durable peace in the
borderlands, indigenous methods of conflict resolution and cultural values
should be incorporated into the modern conflict resolution mechanisms. This
hopefully could greatly contribute to the restoration of peace, security, and
stability and cordial relations among the pastoral communities in the
borderlands. Both Aronson and David Western among other scholars of pastoralism
have poignantly argued that social life in the pastoral areas has not improved.
n77 For example, pastoralists still rely on nature for their survival.

   According to John Burton, for any effective conflict resolution intervention,
third party intervenors must avoid prejudiced and preconceived views of the
local situation.  n78 Thus, to address a conflict adequately, there is a need
for some change in the institutions and structures of the society. Thus, we
contend that to forestall or to de-escalate the inter-group conflict in the
borderlands it is necessary to address the basic human needs of the people such
as security, recognition, identity, self-esteem, and acceptance. Structural
violence  n79 is evident in the way the Kenyan State has handled the predicament
of pastoral people since colonial times. Government policies have impacted
negatively on pastoral economic production. It should be noted that from a
[*959]  psychological perspective, feelings of alienation could be dangerous to
both the individual and the group.

   It is our contention that for conflicts in the borderlands to de-escalate, it
is necessary to identify the underlying root causes of the problem rather than
blaming the parties involved or merely addressing the symptoms of the conflict.
It behoves conflict resolution interveners to identify and analyze the interplay
of various factors and their internal and external dynamics when addressing the
issue of violence and insecurity in the borderlands, Byrne and Carter point us
in the right direction.

   Von Lipsey has developed a conflict resolution model that he refers to as the
"intervention cycle."  n80 This framework incorporates the relationship between
prevention, mitigation, and resolution. Durable conflict resolution measures
often require a change in the status quo, and a strong commitment by parties
involved to play according to the 'rules of the game' rather than coercion or
acquiescence on the part of one of the parties. In other words, the building
blocks of peace must be laid on a firm ground. Jay Rothman, Edward Azar, and
Louis Kriesberg hold similar views.  n81 For example, according to Rothman, some
deep-rooted conflict often cannot be resolved because the conflicts are
"misdiagnosed and handled badly."  n82 Rothman has proposed the ARIA
(Antagonism, Resonance, Invention, and Action) framework of conflict management
that may help parties in conflict to move from adversarial to cooperative
change. Rothman emphasizes the importance of positive dialoguing between parties
to create a conducive environment of understanding and problem solving. As Azar
correctly points out, identity based conflicts are bound to recur unless the
underlying causes have been adequately identified and addressed to the
satisfaction of all of the parties.  n83

   This article therefore suggests that this nexus between human needs and
conflict should be clearly comprehended by local political leaders, the
provincial administration, and the Kenyan State. In that regard, Kenyan
Government policy makers must take cognizance of these facts by identifying how
the environmentally (ecologically) related threat to peace can be contained
deescalated or resolved. In actuality, pastoralism cannot be simply dismissed as
an old-fashioned practice. As Doonrboss correctly puts it, the pastoralists,
"have demonstrated economic and social acumen in the exploitation of their arid
homelands. Those lands are too arid for anything but nomadic, or at best,
[*960]  transhumant pastoralism. The only other option is to migrate and leave
the bush to the game."  n84

   It is necessary to accord the pastoralists the opportunity of determining
their future. In that regard we contend that 'outsiders' should not impose
important decisions and policies affecting pastoral mode of existence without
their active involvement from the initial stages to the implementation process.
n85 It is an undeniable fact, to a large extent it is mainly Non-Governmental
Organizations and church missionaries that have attempted to alleviate the
plight of pastoral communities through the provision of schools, boreholes,
health centers, and other facilities.  n86 As already stated, the Kenyan
Government should change the tendency of ignoring and neglecting the welfare of
the pastoralists in terms of development and the distribution of political and
economic resources. The Government should adopt some affirmative action to make
the pastoralists move up the ladder in terms of provision of government
sponsored social, educational, and economic development services.

   By and large, third party intervention should help the disputing parties to
adopt a 'give and take' approach when addressing their conflict. The use of
coercive measures to modify a behavior or resolve conflict may be
counterproductive. This is evident in the failure of government
depastoralization campaigns in the borderlands. In deed, the pastoralists regard
State measures such as the provision of food relief during droughts as a
temporary short-term stop-gap measure as they wait for opportunities to revert
to pastoralism, either through cattle raids or other methods to rebuild their
stock.  n87

   The "us-them" dichotomy is a common future in human interaction.  n88 Thus,
generalizations, perceptions, and projecting negative attributes on others is
always manifested in conflicts. However, the use of negative and pejorative
terms such as "bad," "primitive," "callous killers," or "bandits," should be
avoided by conflicting parties while they are trying to resolve the problem of
violence and insecurity in the borderlands. Such terms tend to create an
environment of mistrust, vindictiveness, and "passing the buck."

    [*961]  XII. CONCLUSIONS

   This article has attempted to analyze the political economy of violence and
insecurity in the borderlands of northern Kenya using the social cubism model.
It has pointed out that the phenomena of banditry and cattle rustling have
greatly contributed to the emergence of an environment of violence and
insecurity in this region. Cattle rustling appears to have undergone a
fundamental transformation from a cultural practice to an international
commercial venture apparently under the control of cattle Warlords. By and
large, the changing land use, demographic pressures, political, and economic
conditions have contributed to the current increase in conflict and violence in
the borderlands. The institutionalization of violence and the resultant
insecurity has contributed to widespread social, political and economic problems
among the pastoralists.

   The Government seems not to have adopted the necessary policies and
mechanisms that could help to forestall and address the underlying causes of
insecurity and violence in the region. Consequently, the situation has become
insurmountable. The Government's laxity has therefore somehow contributed to the
emergence of warlords, who have emerged as the undisputed masters of the region.

   In order to make any meaningful intervention in the conflict; there is a need
to reassure the pastoralists that their age-old way of life will be recognized.
In that connection, it would be appropriate to reinforce the pastoral
institutional capacities with specific reference to traditional norms, rules and
regulations of conflict resolution. By and large, third party intervention in
the conflict must take note of the underlying interests, needs, and aspirations
of the local populace when developing a conflict resolution framework for the
region. The State must try to cultivate good working relations between the
security forces and the local people for the mutual benefit of the State and the
local inhabitants. The study concludes that a concerted effort by the all
stakeholders is pivotal in any meaningful resolution of the conflict in northern
Kenya.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Civil ProcedurePartiesInterventionGeneral OverviewInternational Trade LawGeneral
OverviewTortsStrict LiabilityHarm Caused by AnimalsGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1  TED ROBERT GURR & BARBARA HARFF, ETHNIC CONFLICTS IN WORLD POLITICS, (1994);
RODERICK VON LIPSEY, BREAKING THE CYCLE: A FRAMEWORK FOR CONFLICT INTERVENTION
(1997); WILLIAM I. ZARTMAN, COLLAPSED STATES: THE DISINTEGRATION OF LEGITIMATE
AUTHORITY (1995).




n2  John Mbaria, Suguta Valley of Death, THE EAST AFRICAN, Oct. 9, 2000, at 12;
Makumi Mwagiru, Borders, Frontiers and Conflict in the Horn of Africa: Some
Preliminary Hypotheses (2000) (unpublished seminar paper, University of
Nairobi).




n3  Alex Mwangangi, Kenya's Pastoral Areas-An Arch of Conflict?, THE EAST
AFRICAN, September 15-21, 1999, available at
http://www.nationaudio.com/News/EastAfrican/130999/.../opinion2.html; Ferocious
Tribal Warfare, WEEKLY REVIEW, March 12, 1999: available at
http://wwww.africaonline.co.ke/weeklyreview/990312/kenya3.html.




n4  M. Mahmud Khan, Market Based Early Warning Indicators of Famine for the
Pastoral Households of the Sahel, 22 WORLD DEVELOPMENT 2, 198 (1994).




n5  See Mohammed Ali Salih, Agro-Pastoralism: An Underestimated Regional Food
Production System, in EASTERN AFRICAN SOCIAL SCIENCE RESEARCH REV. Vol.1X, No.
1, at 23 (1993); R. M. A VAN ZWANENBERG & ANNE KING, AN ECONOMIC HISTORY OF
KENYA AND UGANDA, 1800-1970 (1975); KATSUYHOSHI FUKUI & DAVID TURTON, WARFARE
AMONG EAST AFRICAN HERDERS (1979).




n6  See BETHUEL A. OGOT, ECONOMIC ADAPTATION AND CHANGE AMONG THE JII-SPEAKING
PEOPLES OF EAST AFRICA (1996); ETHNICITY AND CONFLICT IN THE HORN OF AFRICA
(Katsuyoshi Fukui & John Markakis, Eds. 1994); THE WARRIOR TRADITION IN MODERN
AFRICA (Ali Mazrui, ed. 1997)




n7  ETHNICITY AND CONFLICT IN THE HORN OF AFRICA, supra note 6, at 147.




n8  CASPER ODEGI-AWUONDO, LIFE IN THE BALANCE: ECOLOGICAL SOCIOLOGY OF TURKANA
NOMADS 44 (1990).




n9  R.M.A. VAN ZWANENBERG, COLONIAL CAPITALISM AND LABOUR IN KENYA 1919-1939
(1975); M.P.K, SORRENSON, ORIGINS OF EUROPEAN SETTLEMENT IN KENYA (1968).




n10  David M. Anderson, Cow Power: Livestock and the Pastoralists in Africa,
AFRICAN AFFAIRS 92(366) (1993), at 121.




n11  WILLIAM R. OCHIENG, AN OUTLINE HISTORY OF THE RIFT VALLEY (1980).




n12  ETHNICITY AND CONFLICT IN THE HORN OF AFRICA, supra note 6, at 193.




n13  ODEGI-AWUONDO, supra note 8.




n14  Mwangangi, supra note 3.




n15  ETHNICITY AND CONFLICT IN THE HORN OF AFRICA, supra note 6; Ferocious
Tribal Warfare, supra note 3.




n16  Stop These Merchants of Terror, WEEKLY REVIEW, Feb. 25, 1999, available at
http://www.africaonline.co.ke/weeklrreview/990312/editorial.html; and
Marc-Antoine P. de Motclos, The Proliferation of Light Weapons in Pastoral
Northern Kenya, in MONOGRAPH, NO.30, CONTROLLING SMALL ARMS PROLIFERATION AND
REVERSING CULTURES OF VIOLENCE IN AFRICA AND THE INDIAN OCEAN 8 (1998) (Cape
Town Institute of Strategic Studies, available at
http://.iss.co.za/Pubs/MONOGRAPHS/30/Section%20one.html).




n17  IN SEARCH OF COOL GROUND: WAR, FLIGHT AND HOMECOMING IN NORTH EAST AFRICA
(Tim Allen, ed. 1996); Eboe Hutchful, Demilitarising the Political Process in
Africa: Some Basic Issues, 6 AFRICAN SECURITY REVIEW 2, 1 (1997); ODEGI-AWUONDO,
supra note 8.




n18  Ferocious Tribal Warfare, supra note 3.




n19  Charles M. Ocan, Pastoral crisis in north-eastern Uganda: The changing
significance of raids, WORKING PAPER No. 2. (1992) (Centre for Basic Research
Publishers).




n20  Ferocious Tribal Warfare, supra note 3.




n21  See generally WILLIAM S. RENO, WARLORD POLITICS AND AFRICAN STATES (1998).




n22  John Mbaria, Suguta Valley of Death, THE EAST AFRICAN, October 9, 2000,
available at
http://www.nationaudio.com/News/EastAfrican/current/Featurres/Features1.html.
See also Macharia Gaitho, Arming the Pokot was Folly; Now Disarm Them, DAILY
NATION, March 26, 2001, at 6.




n23  Ocan, supra note 19.




n24  Ferocious Tribal Warfare, supra note 3; Mwangangi, supra note 3.




n25  Id.




n26  Sean J.Byrne & Neal Carter, Social Cubism: Six Social Forces of
Ethnoterritorial Conflict in Northern Ireland and Quebec, in PEACE AND CONFLICT
STUDIES, 3(2), at 52. See also Neal Carter & Sean J. Byrne, The Dynamics of
Social Cubism: A View from Northern Ireland and Quebec, in RECONCILABLE
DIFFERENCES: TURNING POINTS TO ETHNOPOLITICAL CONFLICT (Sean Byrne & Cynthia L.
Irvin, eds., 2000).




n27  VAN ZWANENBERG & KING, supra note 5, at ch.1.




n28  Mwagiru, supra note 2




n29  David Western, Drought: Kenyans Have Not Seen Anything Yet, THE NATION,
June 29, 2000 available at
http://www.climateark.org/articles/2000/2nd/drkehano.html. See also MUKISHA
KITUYI, BECOMING KENYANS: MAASAI PASTORALISM (1992) (African Centre for
Technology); ODEGI-AWUONDO, supra note 8.




n30  See generally JAY ROTHMAN, RESOLVING-IDENTITY-BASED CONFLICT IN NATIONS,
ORGANIZATIONS AND COMMUNITIES (1997).




n31  KANA ROBA DUBA ET AL., HONEY AND HEIFER, GRASSES, MILK, AND WATER: A
HERITAGE OF DIVERSITY IN RECONCILIATION (1997). See also Mbaria, supra note 22.




n32  Id.




n33  VON LIPSEY, supra note 1.




n34  DUBA ET AL., supra note 31.




n35  Francis Deng, Reaching Out: A Dinka Principle of Conflict Management, in
TRADITIONAL CURES FOR MODERN AFRICAN CONFLICTS: AFRICAN CONFLICT MEDICINE 95 (I.
William Zartman, ed.) (2000); DUBA ET AL., supra note 31.




n36  ETHNICITY AND CONFLICT IN THE HORN OF AFRICA, supra note 6, at 63.




n37  Deng, supra note 35.




n38  OCHIENG, supra note 11.




n39  Ali Said, Resource Use Conflict Between Pastoralism and Irrigation
Development in the Middle Awash Valley of Ethiopia, Vol. 1, No. 2, EASTERN
AFRICAN SOCIAL SCIENCE RESEARCH REVIEW 21, 29 (1994).




n40  Gudrun Dahl and A. Hjort, Pastoral Change and the Role of Drought, SAREC
Report R. 2 (1979) (Stockholm: Swedish Agency for Research Cooperation with
Developing Countries). See also Mohammed Babiker, East African Dryland
Pastoralism: Some Methodological Anxieties (1999) (unpublished seminar paper,
University of Khartoum).




n41  Said, supra note 39.




n42  Mbaria, supra note 22.




n43  DUBA ET AL., supra note 31.




n44  Id.




n45  See generally, JANNIE MALAN, CONFLICT RESOLUTION WISDOM FROM AFRICA, ACCORD
(1997); DAVID W. AUGSBURGER, CONFLICT MEDIATION ACROSS CULTURES: PATHWAYS AND
PATTERNS (1992).




n46  DUBA ET AL, supra note 31.




n47  DAILY NATION, April 15, 2001
http://www.nationaudio.com/News/DailyNation/15042001/News/News72.html.




n48  Ferocious Tribal Warfare, supra note 3; see also Joshia Osamba, The
Sociology of Insecurity: Banditry and Cattle Rustling in Northwestern Kenya, in
ACCORD AFRICAN JOURNAL ON CONFLICT RESOLUTION 1(2), at 1(2000).




n49  Id.




n50  DAILY NATION, Feb. 21, 2001, available at
http://www.nationaudio.com/News/DailyNation/21022001/index.html; Mbaria, supra
note 22.




n51  Babiker, supra note 40.




n52  Mbaria, supra note 22; see also SUNDAY NATION, Apr. 22, 2001, available at
http://www.nationaudio.com/News/DailyNation/22042001/News/News58.html.




n53  MP Warns Over Land in Pokot, DAILY NATION, March 23, 2001, available at
http://www.nationaudio.com/News/DailyNation/25032001/News/News26.html.




n54  Byrne & Carter, supra note 26.




n55  Id. at 45.




n56  Mbaria, supra note 22; WESTERN, supra note 29.




n57  Eric Both, Education, Training and Household Labour among the Rendile
Pastoralists of Northern Kenya, in INSTITUTE OF DEVELOPMENT STUDIES BULLETIN
22(4) (1991), at 136 (University of Nairobi); see also MICHAEL A. LITTLE, THE
ILLUSIVE GRANARY: HERDER, FARMER AND STATE IN NORTHERN KENYA (1992).




n58  JOHN W. BURTON, VIOLENCE EXPLAINED: THE SOURCES OF CONFLICT, VIOLENCE AND
CRIME AND THEIR PREVENTION 26 (1997).




n59  Ocan, supra note 19, at 12.




n60  Babiker, supra note 40, at 8.




n61  Salih, supra note 5.




n62  Osamba, supra note 48.




n63  GUFA OBA & WALTER J. LUSIGI, AN OVERVIEW OF DROUGHTS STRATEGIES AND LAND
USE IN AFRICAN PASTORAL SYSTEMS (1998).




n64  DUBA ET AL., supra note 31.




n65  OBA & LUSIGI, supra note 63.




n66  See generally WILLIAM L. URY ET AL., GETTING DISPUTES RESOLVED: DESIGNING
SYSTEMS TO CUT THE COSTS OF CONFLICT (1993).




n67  See generally JOHN PAUL LEDERACH, BUILDING PEACE: SUSTAINABLE
RECONCILIATION IN DIVIDED SOCIETIES (1995); see also DUBA ET AL., supra note 31.




n68  See generally GUDRUN DAHL, SUFFERING GRASS: SUBSISTENCE AND SOCIETY OF WASO
BORANA, (1979).




n69  John Helland, Some Aspects of and Implementation of the Development of the
Grazing Blocks in North Eastern Province (1980) (unpublished research paper,
Nairobi International Livestock Centre for Africa).




n70  See BURTON, supra note 58; LEDERACH, supra note 67; URY, supra note 66;
ROTHMAN, supra note 30.




n71  Maurice Lokong, Dialogue Education-A Tool for the Equitable Incorporation
of Nomadic Pastoral communities in National Development with Special Reference
to Turkana of North West Kenya 7, (1987) (unpublished diploma thesis, University
of Readings). See also BOTH, supra note 57.




n72  David R. Aronson, Must Nomads Settle? Some Notes toward Policy on the
Future of Pastoralism, in WHEN NOMADS SETTLE: PROCESSES OF SEDENTARIZATION AS
ADAPTATION AND RESPONSE 173 (Phillip Carl Salzman, ed. 1980); see also Neville
Dyson-Hudson and Rada Dyson-Hudson, The Structure of East African Herds and the
Future of East African Herder, 13 DEVELOPMENT AND CHANGE 213 (1985).




n73  Babiker, supra note 40, at 1.




n74  BORDER AND TERRITORIAL DISPUTES (Andrew J. Day, ed. 1987).




n75  MWAGIRU, supra note 2.




n76  See, e.g., SUNDAY NATION, April 22, 2000, at 3.




n77  Aronson, supra note 72; Western, supra note 29.




n78  See generally JOHN W. BURTON, RESOLVING DEEP-ROOTED CONFLICT: A HANDBOOK
(1987); CONFLICT: HUMAN NEEDS THEORY, (John W. Burton, ed. 1990).




n79  See generally JOHAN GALTUNG, PEACE BY PEACEFUL MEANS: PEACE AND CONFLICT
DEVELOPMENT AND CIVILIZATION (1996); Burton, supra note 86, at 32.




n80  VON LIPSEY, supra note 1, at 6.




n81  See ROTHMAN, supra note 30; Edward Azar, Protracted Social Conflict: Ten
Propositions, in INTERNATIONAL CONFLICT RESOLUTION: THEORY AND PRACTICE (John W.
Burton & Edward E. Azar, eds. 1986); LOUIS KRIESBERG, CONSTRUCTIVE CONFLICTS:
FROM ESCALATION TO RESOLUTION (1998).




n82  ROTHMAN, supra note 30, at 6.




n83  Azar, supra note 81.




n84  ETHNICITY AND CONFLICT IN THE HORN OF AFRICA, supra note 6, at 87.




n85  Western, supra note 29, Osamba, supra note 48.




n86  Gufu Oba, Perception of Environment among Kenyan Pastoralists: Implications
for Development, 19 NOMADIC PEOPLES 33 (1985).




n87  Richard Hogg, Pastoralism and Impoverishment: The Case of the Isiolo Boran
of Northern Kenya, DISASTERS 4(3) (1980), at 299.




n88  VAMIK VOLKAN, BLOODLINES: FROM ETHNIC PRIDE TO ETHNIC TERRORISM (1997).


                              543 of 559 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                 March 27, 2017

                        AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * HIERARCHY * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
(LEVEL) COMPANY

     (P)  AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.(Parent), New York, New York, United
          States
          (1)  AmCom Insurance Services, Inc. (Subsidiary), Concord, California,
               United States

          (1)  AmTrust International Insurance Ltd. (Subsidiary), New York, New
               York, United States
               (2)  AmTrust Europe Ltd. (Non-U.S. Subsidiary), Nottingham,
                    United Kingdom
                    (3)  AmTrust Europe Legal, Ltd. (Subsidiary), Manchester,
                         United Kingdom

                    (3)  AmTrust Insurance Spain, S. L. (Non-U.S. Subsidiary),
                         Madrid, Spain

                    (3)  AmTrust International Underwriters Limited (Non-U.S.
                         Subsidiary), Dublin, Ireland

                    (3)  AmTrust Nordic AB (Non-U.S. Subsidiary), Stockholm,
                         Sweden



          (1)  AmTrust North America, Inc. (Subsidiary), New York, New York,
               United States
               (2)  AmTrust North America of Florida, Inc. (Subsidiary), Boca
                    Raton, Florida, United States

               (2)  AmTrust North America (Subsidiary), Dallas, Texas, United
                    States

               (2)  AmTrust Underwriters, Inc. (Subsidiary), Rocky Hill,
                    Connecticut, United States


          (1)  Builders & Tradesmen's Insurance Services, Inc. (Subsidiary),
               Rocklin, California, United States

          (1)  Builders Insurance Services, LLC (Subsidiary), Lake Oswego,
               Oregon, United States

          (1)  CorePointe Insurance Company (Subsidiary), Birmingham, Michigan,
               United States
               (2)  CorePointe Insurance Agency, Inc. (Subsidiary), Southfield,
                    Michigan, United States


          (1)  First Atlantic Title Insurance Corp. (Subsidiary), Virginia
               Beach, Virginia, United States

          (1)  First Nonprofit Companies, Inc. (Subsidiary), Chicago, Illinois,
               United States

          (1)  First Nonprofit Insurance Company (Subsidiary), Chicago,
               Illinois, United States

          (1)  I.G.I. Underwriting Agency, Inc. (Subsidiary), New York, New
               York, United States

          (1)  INSCO Insurance Services Inc. (Subsidiary), Irvine, California,
               United States
               (2)  Indemnity Company of California Inc. (Subsidiary), Irvine,
                    California, United States


          (1)  Northcoast Warranty Services, Inc. (Subsidiary), Alpharetta,
               Georgia, United States

          (1)  OwnerGUARD Corporation (Subsidiary), San Diego, California,
               United States

          (1)  Risk Services, LLC (Subsidiary), Sarasota, Florida, United States
               (2)  Risk Services-Vermont, Inc. (Subsidiary), Barre, Vermont,
                    United States


          (1)  Rochdale Insurance Company (Subsidiary), New York, New York,
               United States

          (1)  Sequoia Insurance Company (Subsidiary), Monterey, California,
               United States

          (1)  Vista Surety Insurance Solutions, LLC (Subsidiary), Irvine,
               California, United States

          (1)  Warrantech Corporation (Subsidiary), Bedford, Texas, United
               States
               (2)  Warrantech Automotive, Inc. (Subsidiary), Bedford, Texas,
                    United States

               (2)  Warrantech Consumer Product Services Group (Subsidiary),
                    Bedford, Texas, United States

               (2)  Warrantech Direct, Inc. (Subsidiary), Bedford, Texas, United
                    States

               (2)  Warrantech Home Service Company (Subsidiary), Bedford,
                    Texas, United States


          (1)  Warranty Solutions Management Corporation (Subsidiary), Lakewood,
               Colorado, United States
               (2)  Heritage Mechanical Breakdown Corporation (Shell), , United
                    States

               (2)  Warranty Solutions Administrative Services, Inc. (Shell), ,
                    United States

               (2)  Westlake Insurance Company (Bermuda), Ltd. (Shell), , United
                    States

               (2)  WS Aftermarket Services Corporation (Shell), , United States


          (1)  Wesco Insurance Company (Subsidiary), Bridgewater, New Jersey,
               United States

          (1)  AmTrust at Lloyd's Limited (Non-U.S. Subsidiary), London, United
               Kingdom

          (1)  AmTrust Claims Management SrL. (Non-U.S. Subsidiary), Naples,
               Italy

          (1)  AmTrust Corporate Member Limited (Non-U.S. Subsidiary), London,
               United Kingdom

          (1)  AmTrust Insurance Luxembourg S.A. (Non-U.S. Subsidiary),
               Leudelange, Luxembourg

          (1)  AmTrust Re Aries S.A. (Non-U.S. Subsidiary), Luxembourg,
               Luxembourg

          (1)  AmTrust Underwriting Limited (Non-U.S. Subsidiary), London,
               United Kingdom

          (1)  Car Care Plan Limited (Non-U.S. Subsidiary), Bradford, United
               Kingdom

          (1)  Dore Underwriting Services Limited (Non-U.S. Subsidiary), London,
               United Kingdom

          (1)  Gadget Repair Solutions Limited (Non-U.S. Subsidiary), Rochford,
               United Kingdom

          (1)  GMAC International Insurance Services Limited (Non-U.S.
               Subsidiary), High Wycombe, United Kingdom

          (1)  MCM - Medmal Claims Management S.r.l. (Non-U.S. Subsidiary),
               Naples, Italy

          (1)  Motors Insurance Company Limited (Non-U.S. Subsidiary), Bradford,
               United Kingdom

          (1)  PT Tecprotec (Non-U.S. Subsidiary), Kuningan, Indonesia

          (1)  Tecprotec Asia Private Limited (Non-U.S. Subsidiary), Mumbai,
               India

          (1)  Tecprotec Sdn Bhd (Non-U.S. Subsidiary), Petaling Jaya, Malaysia

          (1)  1103-1107 Dekalb Ave LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  1103-1107 Dekalb Avenue Corporation (Shell), , United States

          (1)  1262 East 14th Purchaser, LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  800 Superior, LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  800 Superior NMTC Investment Fund II LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AA Gadget Repair Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AFS Realty Holdings, LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AFS Realty Member, LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Agent Alliance Reinsurance Company, Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AII Insurance Management Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AII Investment Holdings Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AII Reinsurance Broker, Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AIU Management Services Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AMT Capital Alpha, LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AMT Capital Holdings II S.A (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AMT Capital Holdings III S.A. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AMT Capital Holdings, S. A. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AMT Capital Investments, LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AMT Capital Services, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AMT Consumer Services, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AMT Home Protection Company (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AMT HSC Maryland, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AMT Road Services Corp. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AMT Warranty Corp. of Canada, ULC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AMT Warranty Corp. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AMTCS Holdings, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Captive Solutions Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Cayman Reinsurance Company, Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Claims Services, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Corporate Capital Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Corporate Member Two Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust E&S Insurance Services, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Equity Solutions, Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Holding Sweden Europe AB (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Holdings Luxembourg-Europe S.a.r.l. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  AmTrust Holdings Luxembourg S.A.R.L. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Insurance Company of Kansas, Inc. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  AmTrust International Bermuda Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust International Insurance, Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust International Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Japan KK (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Lloyd's Corporation (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Lloyds Holdings Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Management & Consultancy (China) Co., Ltd. (Shell), ,
               United States

          (1)  AmTrust Management Services Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust (Nevis) Holdings Ltd (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust (Nevis) Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust North America of Texas, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Re 2007 (Luxembourg) (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Re Alpha (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Re Epsilon (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Re Kappa (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Re Taurus S.A. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Re Theta (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Re Zeta (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Syndicate Holdings Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Syndicate Services Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AmTrust Ventures I, LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  AMTS Holding Corp. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Boca NW65, LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Car Care Pension Trustees Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Car Care Plan do Brasil Limitada (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Car Care Plan GmbH (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Car Care Plan (Holdings) Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Caravan Security Storage Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  CNH Industrial Canada Insurance Agency, Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  CNH Industrial Insurance Agency, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Commercial Care Plan Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Comp Options Insurance Company, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  CPP Direct LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  CPP Florida LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  The CPP Insurance Agency LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Crop Pro Insurance, LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Developers Surety and Indemnity Company (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Direct Reinsurance, Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Dore & Associates Holdings Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  East Ninth & Superior, LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  The Finest Service Organization Investment Management, LLC
               (Shell), , United States

          (1)  The Finest Service Organization LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  First Nonprofit Insurance Agency, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Genworth Financial Mortgage Insurance Limited (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  HSC Claims Administration, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  I.G.I. Administration Services Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  I.G.I. Group Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  I.G.I. Intermediaries, Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  LAE Insurance Services, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Milwaukee Casualty Insurance Co. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Mobile Repair Solutions Malaysia SDN BHD (Shell), , United States

          (1)  National Home Surety Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Naxos Avondale Insurance, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Oakwood Village Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  OwnerGUARD Agency (Shell), , United States

          (1)  OwnerGUARD University (Shell), , United States

          (1)  PBOA, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Pedigree Livestock Insurance Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  REAF Holdings LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  RHL Corporate Name No. 1 Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Right2Claim Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Risk Services-Arizona, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Risk Services (Bermuda), Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Risk Services-(Hawaii), Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Risk Services Intermediaries (Bermuda), Ltd. (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Risk Services-Nevada, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Rock Run South, LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Rocklin Sierra College, LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  RS Acquisition Holdco, LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Security National Insurance Company (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Sequoia Indemnity Company (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Shanghai First Response (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Signal Acquisition LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Signal Service Solutions, LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Strongwood Risk Management Solutions, LLC (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Technology Insurance Company, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Tecprotec AVA Sdn Bhd (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Tecprotec Holdings Pte Ltd. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Tecprotec LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Tiger Capital, LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  ToCo Warranty Corp. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  TPT Agency Sdn Bhd (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Vemeco, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  W Direct Corp. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Warrantech Automotive of Canada, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Warrantech Automotive of Florida, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Warrantech Caribbean, LTD. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Warrantech Direct I, L.P. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Warrantech Home Assurance Company (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Warrantech International de Chile (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Warrantech International, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Warrantech Management Company (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Warrantech Management Holding Company (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Warrantech Management Limited Partnership (Shell), , United
               States

          (1)  Warrantech Mexico, S de RL de CV (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Warrantech Peru SRL (Shell), , United States

          (1)  WCPS of Florida, Inc. (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Westport Reinsurance Limited (Shell), , United States

          (1)  Westside Parkway GA, LLC (Shell), , United States

          (1)  WHSC Direct, Inc. (Shell), , United States




LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017


                              544 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                              May 12, 2015 Tuesday

Sustainable growth: Punjab govt urged to implement zero hunger policy

LENGTH: 203  words


In an open letter to Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif, the Sustainable
Development Policy Institute (SDPI) has recommended several improvements in the
draft 'Punjab Growth Strategy'.

The letter, written by SDPI Executive Director Dr Abid Qaiyum Suleri, has called
for increasing the quantity and quality of vocational and skills training
programmes. Further, it stated that investment in agriculture extension and farm
sector will help improve the food security situation in Punjab.

It was also recommended to focus on the implementation of crop and livestock
insurance programme, exemption from GST for agricultural inputs used by farmers,
and implementation of zero hunger programme.

In order to make housing affordable and environment-friendly, and to make the
best use of available land, the letter proposed that the growth strategy should
focus on amending building regulations, introducing building codes for energy
conservation and disaster-prone construction, vertical construction, and
slashing downwards provincial GST on related services.

Published in The Express Tribune, May 13th, 2015.

The post Sustainable growth: Punjab govt urged to implement zero hunger policy
appeared first on The Express Tribune.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             June 6, 2015 Saturday

Some stabilization achieved

BYLINE: ALI KHIZAR

SECTION: Vol. LI No. 156

LENGTH: 1172  words


The first half of Ishaq Dar's long budget speech was to claim "I am the best",
and the rest was to assure that right steps are taken to enhance growth and
improve fiscal operations. The blame of all the poor performance went to the
unanticipated or exogenous factors such as floods, dharna, prolonged winter,
commodity prices decline and low private sector off-take. That's a classic
example of how political mileage is gained and Dar is at least best at it!

It's his third budget speech since PML-N won the elections in May 2013, and
according to him, the first year was crisis management, second was aimed at
achieving stability, and the third will be focusing on growth. Two years are
behind us and some stabilization has been achieved thanks to low oil prices,
expensive foreign loans and selling high dividend yielding blue chip companies.
Thus, inflation is down and forex reserves have piled up to a comfortable level.

But is FY16 budget really growth inducing? What are the advantages for existing
businesses? None! Apart from already announced 1 percent reduction in corporate
tax. Why didn't he announce any incentive for BMR? Instead, there is a
disadvantage for big companies in the form of one-off super tax of 3 percent on
non-banking and 4 percent on banks making profit over Rs200 million. Most of the
banks fall in it and may contribute Rs9-10 billion additional tax revenues in
it. Almost all the KSE-listed firms in cement, chemical, fertilizer, auto,
power, E and P and OMC companies a host of other sectors fall in this category.
Even small stocks like Balochistan Glass fall in this category. Nonetheless,
it's one-time tax and amount raised is claimed to be spent for newly coined term
TDP (temporarily displaced persons).

The proposals are too heavy for banks and will hurt their profitability badly.
The tax on all sources of income of banks will be uniformly taxed at 35 percent.
The benefit they accrued by high equity portfolio and capital gains on PIBs will
be considerably washed away; the government had given from one hand in the last
two years and is going to take back from the other this year. In order to keep
their high profitability intact banks ought to lend to private sector. Well done
Dar, for pushing banks to chase their mandate of commercial banking. And any
uptick in private sector credit will help in the objective of enhancing growth.

The promise to clear the refund of exporters by August end is a right step and
may help in boosting working capital credit for textiles in second quarter. The
export refinance facility is generously reduced to 4.5 percent - higher than
their demand of 5 percent. It was 9.4 percent two years back and in a staged
manner reduced by more than half. Falling interest rates will keep the subsidy
part to it from rising too much, and exporters will surely benefit from it. They
need such steps when the currency is overvalued and competitors are not only
depreciating their currencies but also giving fiscal incentives at the time of
shrinking trade pie.

Similarly, other steps are proposed such as reduction in long term finance
facility to 6 percent, measures in removing anti-export bias in imports, export
development initiative, marinating zero rated duty on import of textile
machinery and some other steps for investment in plants and technology up
gradation. The chances are that it will help in regaining global market share by
textile exporters.

In agriculture value added sector, there are some incentives for businesses to
establish especially in livestock sector. Relief measures have been introduced
for rice mills as the poor chaps got badly hit by the fall in international
prices. That should help allay some concerns of rice exporters, though it's
another thing as to why should the government provide one-way capitalism to an
established industry.

There will be 3-year tax holiday for setting up and operating cold chain and
warehousing facilities. That's good as it's a growing sector and more investment
may come in the dairy sector. Similarly, in Halal meat production, income tax
exemption is allowed for 4 years from the set up time given that the Halal
certificate is obtained by December 2016. The crop and livestock insurance
schemes are already in operation. In a nutshell, if anyone has the right
knowledge and a knack for agriculture, it's a right time to enter into agri
value added business.

The exemption for investment in green field projects continues. However, it has
not really reaped fruits yet. Let's hope that with lower interest rates and
improved confidence some new projects may kick start in FY16. The target for
investment-to-GDP ratio has been raised to 16.5 percent of GDP in FY16. It's
imperative for both domestic and foreign investment to spur to achieve growth
target of 5.5 percent in FY16 and 7 percent in FY18.

The government has to do its role by ensuring that it does not compromise on
development spending - the national development budget is set at Rs1513 billion
with Rs700 billion as federal PSDP. In order to spend this sum, the tax revenues
targets have to be achieved, which are unrealistic. The FBR revenues target was
also short of Rs200 billion in the outgoing year, and the biggest cut is to be
faced by development; PSDP is slashed and provinces are incentivized to show
surpluses by cutting development expenditure.

The FBR taxes are expected to grow at 20 percent whereas this year growth was
mere 14.5 percent. For yet another year, the government has been unable to
introduce some meaningful measures to broaden tax base or enhance direct
taxation. All the steps are to either to withdraw the exemptions (which is the
right thing to do) or to impose withholding taxes on non-filers.

In the first two years, Dar had increased the withholding tax on both filers and
non-filers with latter at higher rate to increase the gap with an objective for
enticing businesses and individuals to file returns. In FY16, the proposals are
to increase the rate for various sectors by 2-3 percent for non-filers with no
change for filers.

Is this a right policy? The numbers suggests otherwise, as there is not much
increase in people filing return but government is pocketing taxes by imposition
of higher rates as advance income tax. When non-filers see that the filers are
finding it hard to claim their refunds, they would rather continue to pay
whatever is charged by passing the price impact to the consumer.

Thus WHT behaves like an indirect tax with the consumers bearing the entire
burden and businesses margins remain unaffected. The government is seemingly
happy as it is getting revenues no matter what is the policy objective on paper.
Dar should do away with this obsession of WHT and rather make FBR proactive to
identify industries, businesses and individuals who are not giving their share
of taxes. The continuation of this regressive taxation regime will not only hurt
growth potential but might also incentivize the documented sector to evade
taxes, if their refund problems are not resolved!

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                             July 25, 2015 Saturday

Banks over-achieve agri credit target of Rs 500bn in FY15

SECTION: Vol. XIII No. 490

LENGTH: 706  words


The banks have surpassed the agricultural credit disbursement target of Rs 500
billion set by the State Bank of Pakistan's (SBPs) Agricultural Credit Advisory
Committee (ACAC) for the financial year (FY) 2015, which was 28% higher than the
actual agri credit disbursement of Rs 391 billion in FY14.

The commercial banks have disbursed Rs 515.9 billion, which is Rs 15.9 billion
in excess of the target set for FY15 and 31.8% higher than last year's
disbursements.

Growth was also recorded in the agri outstanding portfolio which stands at Rs
335.2 billion at the end of June, showing an increase of Rs 45 billion (15.5%)
compared with the last year position of Rs 290.3 billion.

The agri credit target of Rs 500 billion in FY15 (28% growth) was ambitious by
any standards, given the higher risk perception of the banks about agri
financing and volatility in the prices of agri produce. Nonetheless, SBP adopted
a multi-pronged strategy for achieving the target which included sensitising the
banks to adopt agri financing as a viable business line, diversification of agri
lending portfolio of banks, increase in per acre credit limits and extending the
scope of eligible items, development of new product eco-system including value
chain financing, and inclusion of Microfinance and Islamic banks for small and
faith sensitive clients.

Further, for deepening agricultural financing outreach, Fast Track Lending
Programme was launched during the year for farm and non-farm activities in
selected districts of the country. In addition, farmers' awareness and financial
literacy programmes were conducted at grass root levels.

The agricultural credit targets have continuously been surpassed since FY
2011-12 with an average growth of 10.8% as compared with 3% growth in
agriculture GDP for the same period.

In addition, to achieving the indicative agri credit target, SBP implemented all
the budgetary initiatives and projects in collaboration with banks during the
year. These include enhancement of the scope of crop loan insurance up to 25
acres, rollout of livestock insurance for small farmers, launch of credit
guarantee scheme for small and marginalized farmers, introduction of warehouse
receipts financing and loans for solar tube-wells.

A detailed review of banks' performance for 2014-15 reveals that five major
banks collectively disbursed agri loans of Rs 262.9 billion or 104.1% of their
annual target of Rs 252.5 billion, which is higher by 34.5% from Rs 195.5
billion disbursed during the corresponding period last year.

Amongst the five major banks, Habib Bank Limited (HBL) has achieved 113 % of its
annual target, Muslim Commercial Bank (MVB) achieved 102.6%, United Bank Limited
(UBL) 101.4%, Allied Bank Limited (ABL) 101.2% and National Bank of Pakistan
(NBP) achieved 100.1 % of its individual annual target.

Among specialised banks, Zarai Taraqiati Bank Limited (ZTBL) disbursed Rs 95.8
billion or 106.5% of its annual target of Rs 90.0 billion while Punjab
Provincial Cooperative Bank Limited (PPCBL) has disbursed Rs 10.5 billion
achieving 91.2% against its target of Rs 11.5 billion during FY15.

Fifteen domestic private banks, as a group, achieved 94.1% of its target. Within
this group, Faysal bank, Bank Alfalah, JS bank, Bank of Khyber, Bank of Punjab
and Standard Chartered Bank were the top performers, surpassing their allocated
annual targets. However, Summit bank achieved 99.6%, Habib Metropolitan 96.2%,
Askari 86%, Soneri bank 85.8%, NIB 85.3%, Sindh bank 80.9%, Bank Al-Habib 72.1%
whereas Silk bank could only achieve 63.1% of their individual annual targets.

Eight Microfinance banks, as a group, have surpassed their annual targets of Rs
28.2 billion by disbursing agri loans of Rs 33 billion achieving 117% of the
allocated targets during FY15.

Khushhali, First Microfinance bank, Tameer, Pak Oman, Waseela and U Microfinance
bank have surpassed their targets while NRSP Microfinance bank could only manage
92.3% of its annual target.

Four Islamic banks, as a group, also posed impressive disbursement figures
exceeding their annual targets by disbursing Rs 5 billion against the target of
Rs 2.3 billion. Among the group, Bankislami, Meezan and Albaraka Bank have
surpassed their annual targets for FY15.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             July 25, 2015 Saturday

Banks surpass agriculture credit disbursement target

BYLINE: RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. LI No. 203

LENGTH: 764  words


Banks have surpassed the agricultural credit disbursement target set by State
Bank of Pakistan''''s Agricultural Credit Advisory Committee (ACAC) for the year
ending June 2015. Banks have disbursed Rs 515.9 billion during FY15 on account
of agricultural credit against the indicative target of Rs 500 billion, which
was 28 percent higher than the actual agricultural credit disbursement in FY14.

The disbursed amount is Rs 15.9 billion in excess of the target set for FY15 and
31.8 percent higher than the last year''''s disbursements of Rs 391.4 billion.
According to State Bank growth was also recorded in the agri outstanding
portfolio which stands at Rs 335.2 billion at end June, 2015 showing an increase
of Rs 45 billion (up 15.5 percent) compared with the last year position of Rs
290.3 billion.

The agri credit target of Rs 500 billion in FY15 (28 percent growth) was
ambitious by any standards, given the higher risk perception of banks about agri
financing and volatility in the prices of agri produce. Nonetheless, SBP adopted
a multi-pronged strategy for achieving the target which included; sensitizing
banks to adopt agri financing as a viable business line, diversification of agri
lending portfolio of banks, increase in per acre credit limits and extending the
scope of eligible items, development of new product eco-system including value
chain financing, and inclusion of Microfinance and Islamic banks for small and
faith sensitive clients.

Further, for deepening agri financing outreach, Fast Track Lending Programme was
launched during the year for farm and non-farm activities in selected districts
of the country. In addition, farmers'''' awareness and financial literacy
programmes were conducted at grassroots level. It is pertinent to mention that
the agricultural credit targets have continuously been surpassed since FY
2011-12 with an average real growth of 11 percent as compared with three percent
growth in agriculture GDP for the same period.

In addition to achieving the indicative agri credit target, SBP implemented all
the budgetary initiatives and projects in collaboration with banks during the
year. These include enhancement of the scope of Crop Loan Insurance up to 25
acres, rollout of Livestock Insurance for small farmers, launch of Credit
Guarantee Scheme for small and marginalized farmers, introduction of Warehouse
Receipts Financing and loans for solar tube-wells, etc. These achievements were
made possible because of the support of government and leadership of Governor
Ashraf Mahmood Wathra and Deputy Governor Saeed Ahmad through conducting regular
meetings of ACAC and performance review of banks.

A detailed review of banks'''' performance for 2014-15 reveals that five major
banks collectively disbursed agri loans of Rs 262.9 billion or 104.1 percent of
their annual target of Rs 252.5 billion which is higher by 34.5 percent from Rs
195.5 billion disbursed during the corresponding period last year. Amongst the
five major banks, HBL has achieved 113 percent of its annual target, MCB
achieved 102.6 percent, UBL 101.4 percent, ABL 101.2 percent and NBP achieve 100
percent of its individual annual target. Among specialized banks, ZTBL disbursed
Rs 95.8 billion or 106.5 percent of its annual target of Rs 90 billion while
PPCBL has disbursed Rs 10.5 billion achieving 91.2 percent against its target of
Rs 11.5 billion during FY 2014-15.

Fifteen domestic private banks as a group achieved 94 percent of its target.
Within this group Faysal bank, Bank Alfalah, JS bank, Bank of Khyber, Bank of
Punjab and Standard Chartered Bank were the top performers surpassing their
allocated annual targets. However, Summit Bank achieved 99.6 percent, Habib
Metropolitan 96 percent Askari 86 percent, Soneri Bank 86 percent, NIB 85
percent, Sindh Bank 81 percent, Bank Al Habib 72 percent whereas Silk Bank could
only achieve 63 percent of their individual annual targets.

Eight microfinance banks as a group have surpassed their annual targets of Rs
28.2 billion by disbursing agri loans of Rs 33 billion achieving 117 percent of
the allocated targets during FY 2014-15. Khushhali, first microfinance bank,
Tameer, Pak Oman, Waseela and U Microfinance banks have surpassed their targets
while NRSP Microfinance Bank could only manage 92 percent of its annual target.

Four Islamic banks, as a group, also posed impressive disbursement figures
exceeding their annual targets by disbursing Rs 5 billion against the target of
Rs 2.3 billion. Among the group, Bankislami, Meezan and Albaraka banks have
surpassed their annual targets for FY 2014-15.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                              July 26, 2015 Sunday

Banks surpass agricultural credit target: Rs516bn disbursed in FY15

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 204

LENGTH: 724  words


Banks have surpassed the agricultural credit disbursement target set by SBP's
Agricultural Credit Advisory Committee (ACAC) for the year ending June 2015.
Against the indicative target of Rs 500 billion (which was 28% higher than the
actual agri credit disbursement of Rs.391 Billion in FY14), banks have disbursed
Rs 515.9 billion, which is Rs 15.9 billion in excess of the target set for FY15
and 31.8% higher than the last year's disbursements of Rs 391.4 billion. Growth
was also recorded in the agri. outstanding portfolio which stands at Rs 335.2
billion at end June, 2015 showing an increase of Rs.45 Billion (up 15.5%)
compared with the last year position of Rs 290.3 billion.

The agri. credit target of Rs.500 billion in FY15 (28% growth) was ambitious by
any standards, given the higher risk perception of banks about agri. financing
and volatility in the prices of agri. produce. Nonetheless, SBP adopted a
multipronged strategy for achieving the target which included; sensitizing banks
to adopt agri. financing as a viable business line, diversification of agri.
lending portfolio of banks, increase in per acre credit limits and extending the
scope of eligible items, development of new product eco-system including value
chain financing, and inclusion of Microfinance and Islamic banks for small and
faith sensitive clients. Further, for deepening agri. financing outreach, Fast
Track Lending Program was launched during the year for farm and non-farm
activities in selected districts of the country. In addition, farmers' awareness
and financial literacy programs were conducted at grass root level.

It is pertinent to mention that the agricultural credit targets have
continuously been surpassed since FY 2011-12 with an average real growth of
10.8% as compared with 3% growth in agriculture GDP for the same period.

In addition to achieving the indicative agri credit target, SBP implemented all
the budgetary initiatives and projects in collaboration with banks during the
year. These include enhancement of the scope of Crop Loan Insurance up to 25
acres, rollout of Livestock Insurance for small farmers, launch of Credit
Guarantee Scheme for small and marginalized farmers, introduction of Warehouse
Receipts Financing and loans for solar tube-wells, etc.

These achievements were made possible because of the support of government and
leadership of the Governor, Mr. Ashraf Mahmood Wathra and Deputy Governor, Mr.
Saeed Ahmad through conducting regular meetings of ACAC and performance review
of banks.

A detailed review of banks' performance for 2014-15 reveals that five major
banks collectively disbursed agri. loans of Rs 262.9 billion or 104.1% of their
annual target of Rs 252.5 billion which is higher by 34.5% from Rs 195.5 billion
disbursed during the corresponding period last year. Amongst the five major
banks, HBL has achieved 113 % of its annual target, MCB achieved 102.6%, UBL
101.4%, ABL 101.2% and NBP achieve 100.1 % of its individual annual target.
Among specialized banks, ZTBL disbursed Rs 95.8 billion or 106.5% of its annual
target of Rs 90.0 billion while PPCBL has disbursed Rs 10.5 billion achieving
91.2% against its target of Rs 11.5 billion during FY 2014-15.

Fifteen Domestic Private Banks as a group achieved 94.1% of its target. Within
this group Faysal bank, Bank Alfalah, JS bank, Bank of Khyber, Bank of Punjab
and Standard Chartered Bank were the top performers surpassing their allocated
annual targets. However, Summit bank achieved 99.6%, Habib Metropolitan 96.2%,
Askari 86%, Soneri bank 85.8%, NIB 85.3%, Sindh bank 80.9%, Bank Al Habib 72.1%
whereas Silk bank could only achieve 63.1% of their individual annual targets.

Eight Microfinance banks as a group have surpassed their annual targets of Rs
28.2 billion by disbursing agri. loans of Rs 33.0 billion achieving 117% of the
allocated targets during FY 2014-15.  Khushhali, First Microfinance bank,
Tameer, Pak Oman, Waseela and U Microfinance bank have surpassed their targets
while NRSP Microfinance bank could only manage 92.3% of its annual target. Four
Islamic banks, as a group, also posed impressive disbursement figures exceeding
their annual targets by disbursing Rs 5.0 billion against the target of Rs 2.3
billion. Among the group, Bankislami, Meezan and Albaraka Bank have surpassed
their annual targets for FY 2014-15.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                            April 21, 2012 Saturday

New database shows three quarters of world's poor are "Unbanked"

SECTION: Vol. 11 No. 110

LENGTH: 449  words


Three quarters of the world's poor do not have a bank account, not only because
of poverty, but also because of the cost, travel distance, and amount of paper
work involved in opening one, says the World Bank.

Those without access to formal banking often have to rely on money lenders who
often charge high fees. The "unbanked" are also less likely to start their own
business or insure themselves against unexpected events.

Financial inclusion or being "banked" can be transformative, as it allows poor
people to build a more secure future. The ability to save and borrow allows them
to build their assets, start a business, invest in education, establish a credit
rating, and eventually own a home.

"Providing financial services to the 2.5 billion people who are 'unbanked' could
boost economic growth and opportunity for the world's poor," said World Bank
Group President Robert B. Zoellick. "Harnessing the power of financial services
can really help people to pay for schooling, save for a home, or start a small
business that can provide jobs for others. This new report on the world's
'unbanked' makes the case: the more poor people are banking today, the more they
are banking on their future."

Women are particularly disadvantaged when it comes to access to financial
services. Only 37 per cent of women in developing countries have an account,
whereas 46% of men do. That gap is even bigger among those in poverty: Women
living below $2 a day are 28 percent less likely than men to have a bank
account.

Worldwide, 22 percent of adults report having saved at a formal financial
institution in the past 12 months, according to the World Bank's Global
Financial Inclusion Database, or Global Findex. Findex provides the most
comprehensive picture yet of how people around the world save, borrow, make
payments and manage risks.

Even among those who do have a formal bank account, only 43 percent of adults
use their account to save. Yet 61 percent of account holders worldwide use their
account to receive payments from an employer, the government or family members
living elsewhere.

The data was collected by Gallup, Inc. using the Gallup World Poll Survey. The
Bank's Development Research Group is building the database with a 10-year grant
from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.

Few adults in developing countries use formal financial products to manage risk.
More than 11 percent of adults in developing countries have an outstanding loan
for emergencies or health-care needs, but more than 80% of these adults use only
informal sources of credit. Of adults in developing countries working in
farming, forestry or fishing, only 6 percent of them have crop, rainfall or
livestock insurance.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2012 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                             June 12, 2014 Thursday

Govt asked to address illiteracy, unemployment in federal budget

LENGTH: 1269  words


Members of the National Assembly on Wednesday urged the government to allocate
more funds for education sector to meet literacy targets and create employment
and business opportunities in the country.

The House resumed general discussion on the federal budget 2014-15 with the
government members opining that the federal budget has plugged all holes for
corruption.

Taking part in the discussion, Nafisa Inayatullah Khattak said according to the
international organizations, Pakistan is far behind the literacy targets the
country had committed under the Millennium Development Goals.

She said Rs86.4 billion has been allocated for education sector of which major
chunk would be spent on non-development expenditures.

She said 5.1 million children were out of schools in Pakistan, two-thirds of
which comprise the girls.

Sheikh Rasheed Ahmed said the government paid back Rs480 billion circular debt
but the IPPs were still complaining of funds shortage to produce more required
power.

He said the government should generate low-cost power keeping in view the
affordability of the common man.

He said due to one or the other reason, around 350 Pakistani industrialists have
shifted their business in Tanzania creating unemployment in the country.

Sheikh Rasheed also asked the government to adopt clear cut strategy against
terrorism by either launching operation or pursuing the course of dialogue
effectively.

Omay Ayub said the proposed budget has plugged all holes for corruption and
rupee value has appreciated owing to effective economic policies.

About the PTI's suggestion to reduce sales tax, he said a committee comprising
all stakeholders has already been asked to mull over it.

He said energy projects in Guddu, Nandipur, Quaid-e-Azam Solar Park, Golan Gol,
and Larkana power plants have all been covered under PSDP negating that the
proposed budget only focused on projects in Punjab province.

He said despite having huge production of food items in Khyber Pukhtunkkhwa
province, the provincial government could not reduce the prices of the
commodities.

Omar Ayub said almost 70 percent development budget of the KPK province lapsed
that was a criminal negligence, adding that the provincial government was
planning to introduce Metro Bus project at much higher rate than that of
Rawalpindi-Islamabad Metro Bus project.

He said the KPK got Rs222 billion share in taxes and Rs 118 billion development
funds but the performance of the government concerned was not up to the mark.

Mir Ejaz Khan Jakhrani of PPP said his party was supporting the government for
the sake of democracy.

Speaking on the budget, he said inflation had risen to over 8 per cent. Except
subsidy on tractors, no major relief had been given to farmers in the budget, he
claimed and suggested the government to announce support prices for different
agriculture products and inputs including wheat, urea, cotton etc.

Jakhrani alleged that the Sindh province was neglected and only Rs 200 million
was allocated for Tharparkar. All the provinces should be given their due share
in the Public Sector Development Programme (PSDP), he added.

He called for giving more relief to the poor.

Tahir Iqbal of the Pakistan Mulim League-Nawaz (PML-N) said a balanced budget
was presented by Finance Minister Mohammad Ishaq Dar and his team as it was
equally beneficial for all segments of the society.

He said the government had reduced fiscal deficit from 5.8 per cent to 4.9  per
cent since taking over. It was working on long term projects and after 15 to 20
years, the people from  abroad would seek jobs in Pakistan.

Tahir Iqbal said the economic growth could not go beyond 3.6 per cent during
last three years but now it was 4.1 per cent. Though targets for 2013-14 could
not be met, but the government, however, managed to improve the economy, he
added.

He said in order to keep regular check on prices, the PML-N leadership had
directed its parliamentarians to visit markets and ensure that the prices of
commodities were not increased.

He said the support price was not announced for agriculture products because it
could have caused price hike of essential commodities."Instead the government
has introduced other relief measures for farmers such as crop insurance,
livestock insurance and subsidy on tractors," he added.

Tahir Iqbal said the government was also introducing the latest irrigation
technology, which would help conserve 30 per cent water.

"We want to promote value addition of agriculture products. For this the
government is taking several steps, including technical training to 30,000 youth
for value addition in textile sector, who will get stipend of Rs 8,000 per
month."

He urged the government to introduce small business projects for those people,
who were getting assistance of Rs 1500 per month.

He said without the development of infrastructure, the country's economy could
not improve and therefore, the government had earmarked  Rs 113 billion under
the PSDP for highways across the country.

He said after the completion of mega electric generation projects like  Dasu,
Diamir and other projects, over 20,000 MW electricity would be added to the
national grid.

Taking part in the discussion, Sher Akbar of Jamaat-e-Islami said load-shedding
had affected the country's economy. The government should launch campaign
against corruption for economic stability, he added.

He feared that the prices of daily use items might increase further and urged
the government to keep the prices at same level in all the provinces.

He said the youth should be provided interest-free loans.

PPP's Ayaz Soomro urged the government to ensure equitable distribution of water
among the provinces. He demanded a separate development package for Larkana to
bring it at par with other cities.

He said the prices of essential items should be decreased. Magistracy system
must be restored in the country for strengthening democracy, he added.

Abdul Rahim Mandokhel of Pakhtunkhwa Milli Awami Party said small dams should be
constructed in Balochistan to cover water scarcity.

Tahira Asif of Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) called for measures to enhance
exports. Exporters should be provided facilities, she added.

She demanded metro train service for Karachi on build-operate-transfer (BOT)
basis. She said uniform education system should be introduced in the country.
Private educational institutions must be reined in as it was impossible for the
salaried class to pay their exorbitant fees, she added.

PML-N's Nighat Parveen Mir lauded the Finance Minister for presenting a balanced
budget. She demanded maximum increase in education budget.

Nasir Khan Khattak of Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf claimed that the budget was
anti-poor. He demanded that imported cigarettes be banned.

Pervaiz Malik of PML-N lauded the approval of Dasu dam project, saying that it
would help overcome energy crisis. He appreciated the addition of 100,000 more
tax payers and a transparent auction of 3G and 4G.

Tax collection system should be revamped and made more efficient, he added.

He said $ 32 billion Chinese investment would play a vital role in improving the
economy.

He said 10 per cent salary raise for government employees was insufficient to
meet inflation and demanded that same might be increased.

MQM's Syed Waseem Hussain claimed that the Hyderabad district had been deprived
of basic amenities, especially clean drinking. He also demanded setting up liver
transplant facilities and a federal university in the city.

PPP's Shahida Rehmani claimed that insufficient funds were allocated for Karachi
in the budget. Peace in the country was imperative for economic development, she
added.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 559 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Balochistan Express

                             June 12, 2014 Thursday

Govt asked to address illiteracy, unemployment in federal budget

LENGTH: 1269  words


Members of the National Assembly on Wednesday urged the government to allocate
more funds for education sector to meet literacy targets and create employment
and business opportunities in the country.

The House resumed general discussion on the federal budget 2014-15 with the
government members opining that the federal budget has plugged all holes for
corruption.

Taking part in the discussion, Nafisa Inayatullah Khattak said according to the
international organizations, Pakistan is far behind the literacy targets the
country had committed under the Millennium Development Goals.

She said Rs86.4 billion has been allocated for education sector of which major
chunk would be spent on non-development expenditures.

She said 5.1 million children were out of schools in Pakistan, two-thirds of
which comprise the girls.

Sheikh Rasheed Ahmed said the government paid back Rs480 billion circular debt
but the IPPs were still complaining of funds shortage to produce more required
power.

He said the government should generate low-cost power keeping in view the
affordability of the common man.

He said due to one or the other reason, around 350 Pakistani industrialists have
shifted their business in Tanzania creating unemployment in the country.

Sheikh Rasheed also asked the government to adopt clear cut strategy against
terrorism by either launching operation or pursuing the course of dialogue
effectively.

Omay Ayub said the proposed budget has plugged all holes for corruption and
rupee value has appreciated owing to effective economic policies.

About the PTI's suggestion to reduce sales tax, he said a committee comprising
all stakeholders has already been asked to mull over it.

He said energy projects in Guddu, Nandipur, Quaid-e-Azam Solar Park, Golan Gol,
and Larkana power plants have all been covered under PSDP negating that the
proposed budget only focused on projects in Punjab province.

He said despite having huge production of food items in Khyber Pukhtunkkhwa
province, the provincial government could not reduce the prices of the
commodities.

Omar Ayub said almost 70 percent development budget of the KPK province lapsed
that was a criminal negligence, adding that the provincial government was
planning to introduce Metro Bus project at much higher rate than that of
Rawalpindi-Islamabad Metro Bus project.

He said the KPK got Rs222 billion share in taxes and Rs 118 billion development
funds but the performance of the government concerned was not up to the mark.

Mir Ejaz Khan Jakhrani of PPP said his party was supporting the government for
the sake of democracy.

Speaking on the budget, he said inflation had risen to over 8 per cent. Except
subsidy on tractors, no major relief had been given to farmers in the budget, he
claimed and suggested the government to announce support prices for different
agriculture products and inputs including wheat, urea, cotton etc.

Jakhrani alleged that the Sindh province was neglected and only Rs 200 million
was allocated for Tharparkar. All the provinces should be given their due share
in the Public Sector Development Programme (PSDP), he added.

He called for giving more relief to the poor.

Tahir Iqbal of the Pakistan Mulim League-Nawaz (PML-N) said a balanced budget
was presented by Finance Minister Mohammad Ishaq Dar and his team as it was
equally beneficial for all segments of the society.

He said the government had reduced fiscal deficit from 5.8 per cent to 4.9  per
cent since taking over. It was working on long term projects and after 15 to 20
years, the people from  abroad would seek jobs in Pakistan.

Tahir Iqbal said the economic growth could not go beyond 3.6 per cent during
last three years but now it was 4.1 per cent. Though targets for 2013-14 could
not be met, but the government, however, managed to improve the economy, he
added.

He said in order to keep regular check on prices, the PML-N leadership had
directed its parliamentarians to visit markets and ensure that the prices of
commodities were not increased.

He said the support price was not announced for agriculture products because it
could have caused price hike of essential commodities."Instead the government
has introduced other relief measures for farmers such as crop insurance,
livestock insurance and subsidy on tractors," he added.

Tahir Iqbal said the government was also introducing the latest irrigation
technology, which would help conserve 30 per cent water.

"We want to promote value addition of agriculture products. For this the
government is taking several steps, including technical training to 30,000 youth
for value addition in textile sector, who will get stipend of Rs 8,000 per
month."

He urged the government to introduce small business projects for those people,
who were getting assistance of Rs 1500 per month.

He said without the development of infrastructure, the country's economy could
not improve and therefore, the government had earmarked  Rs 113 billion under
the PSDP for highways across the country.

He said after the completion of mega electric generation projects like  Dasu,
Diamir and other projects, over 20,000 MW electricity would be added to the
national grid.

Taking part in the discussion, Sher Akbar of Jamaat-e-Islami said load-shedding
had affected the country's economy. The government should launch campaign
against corruption for economic stability, he added.

He feared that the prices of daily use items might increase further and urged
the government to keep the prices at same level in all the provinces.

He said the youth should be provided interest-free loans.

PPP's Ayaz Soomro urged the government to ensure equitable distribution of water
among the provinces. He demanded a separate development package for Larkana to
bring it at par with other cities.

He said the prices of essential items should be decreased. Magistracy system
must be restored in the country for strengthening democracy, he added.

Abdul Rahim Mandokhel of Pakhtunkhwa Milli Awami Party said small dams should be
constructed in Balochistan to cover water scarcity.

Tahira Asif of Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) called for measures to enhance
exports. Exporters should be provided facilities, she added.

She demanded metro train service for Karachi on build-operate-transfer (BOT)
basis. She said uniform education system should be introduced in the country.
Private educational institutions must be reined in as it was impossible for the
salaried class to pay their exorbitant fees, she added.

PML-N's Nighat Parveen Mir lauded the Finance Minister for presenting a balanced
budget. She demanded maximum increase in education budget.

Nasir Khan Khattak of Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf claimed that the budget was
anti-poor. He demanded that imported cigarettes be banned.

Pervaiz Malik of PML-N lauded the approval of Dasu dam project, saying that it
would help overcome energy crisis. He appreciated the addition of 100,000 more
tax payers and a transparent auction of 3G and 4G.

Tax collection system should be revamped and made more efficient, he added.

He said $ 32 billion Chinese investment would play a vital role in improving the
economy.

He said 10 per cent salary raise for government employees was insufficient to
meet inflation and demanded that same might be increased.

MQM's Syed Waseem Hussain claimed that the Hyderabad district had been deprived
of basic amenities, especially clean drinking. He also demanded setting up liver
transplant facilities and a federal university in the city.

PPP's Shahida Rehmani claimed that insufficient funds were allocated for Karachi
in the budget. Peace in the country was imperative for economic development, she
added.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Daily Balochistan Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 559 DOCUMENTS

                     Copyright (c) 2003 by the Florida Bar
                            The Florida Bar Journal

                                 October, 2003

                               77 Fla. Bar J. 63

LENGTH: 1667 words

COLUMNS: BUSINESS LAW: THE BUSINESS OF TERRORISM: THE TERRORISM RISK INSURANCE
ACT OF 2002

by Joseph G. Jarret

Joseph G. Jarret is the Polk County attorney. He is a certified Florida Supreme
Court mediator and arbitrator, and a former U.S. Army combat arms (airborne)
officer. He holds a B.S. in criminal justice from Troy State University, a
masters in public administration from Central Michigan University, a juris
doctor from Stetson Law School, and a postgraduate certificate in public
management from the University of South Florida. This column is submitted on
behalf of the Business Law Section, John D. Emmanuel, chair, and Kevin H. Sutton
and Joseph R. Gomez, editors.

TEXT:

    [*63]  Since the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, the economy has
been harmed by the withdrawal of many insurance companies from the marketplace
for terrorism risk insurance. As a result, on November 26, 2002, President Bush
signed into law the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (TRIA). n1 The act is
intended to create a terrorism insurance market that will serve the needs of the
insured while managing the risk to the insurance industry.



   n1 Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, H.R. 3210 § 101(a). See also 31
C.F.R. Part 50.

   An analysis conducted by various major insurance providers revealed that the
recent withdrawal of certain insurance carriers from the marketplace was caused
in large part by the uncertainty arising from the industry's risk exposure to
future terrorist attacks. Such uncertainty has led to the cancellation of
construction projects, increased premiums, and substantial risk shifting among
insured and their insurers. n2



   n2 Jeff Woodward, TRIA, International Risk Management Institute magazine,
December 2002.


Purpose of TRIA

   With the threat of future terrorist attacks looming, the federal government
sought to reduce the economic risks and consequences associated with terrorism
by restoring insurance capacity to the marketplace. Thus, Congress passed an
unprecedented bill that provides for the federal government and the insurance
industry to share the risk of loss from future terrorist attacks. n3 In a
nutshell, the bill spells out the deductible and coinsurance features under
which insurers will share losses with the federal government. Further, it
provides a federal backstop for certain acts of terrorism through a temporary
federal program whereby the federal government will share the risk of loss from
future terrorist attacks with the insurance industry. Importantly, this system
of shared public and private compensation is limited to insured commercial
property and casualty losses arising from acts of terrorism under the act.
Consequently, private policies, such as home or auto, are excluded. n4



   n3 Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, H.R. 3210 § 101(b).

   n4 Id. at § 101(b)(1)(2).

   The overall intent of the act is to promote new construction and spur
economic activity while creating a terrorism insurance market on which the
industry could build, thus benefitting both the insured and the insurer. The
program will be administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury and will sunset
on December 31, 2005.

Compliance

   In an effort to assist insurers in complying with TRIA, the National
Association of Insurance Commissioners has adopted two model disclosure forms.
n5 The model disclosure forms are designed to assist insurers in meeting their
obligations under the act as well as to inform policyholders of the status of
current coverage. In some cases, the insured is afforded the opportunity to make
a selection regarding future insurance coverage for acts of terrorism.
Significantly, the legislation stops short of mandating the manner in which the
states regulate rates and fees. Such matters, it appears, were deemed best left
to the states to determine, possibly to prelude a state's rights debate.



   n5 Minutes of the Property and Casualty Committee of the National Association
of Insurance Commissioners, December 10, 2002.


Terrorist Act Defined

   The act goes to great lengths to define a "terrorist act." Simply stated,
TRIA covers only acts of terrorism conducted by or for a foreign interest. This
means that the atrocities of the type committed in Oklahoma City would not fall
under the act. In order for an incident to be considered a "terrorist act," the
following criteria must be met:

(1) The commission of a violent act or an act that is dangerous to human life,
property, or infrastructure;
(2) The act must have resulted in damage (a) within the United States, (b)
outside of the United States in cases of aircraft or vessels, or (c) to a United
States diplomatic mission; and
(3) The act must have been committed by an individual or individuals acting on
behalf of any foreign person, or foreign interest, as part of an effort to
coerce the civilian population of the United States or to influence the policy,
or affect the conduct of the United States government by coercion. n6



   n6 Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, H.R. 3210 § 102(1)(A).

   These criteria are subject to adjustment in one important respect. The U.S.
Secretary of the Treasury, in concurrence with the U.S. Secretary of State and
the Attorney General of the U.S., reserves the right to determine just what
constitutes an "act of terrorism." This right or authority may not be delegated.
It  [*64]  is equally important to note that a certification of, or failure to,
certify an incident as an act of terrorism is final. As such, it is not subject
to judicial n7 review. The absence of review or an appellate remedy has not been
well received by many members of the insurance industry. n8



   n7 Id. at § 102(1)(C).

   n8 A straw poll conducted of members of the Public Risk Management
Association and the Risk and Insurance Management Association revealed that many
members have concern and consternation over the mechanics of TRIA and its
effects on the market, as well as the individual insured.


Implications for the Business Community

   Under TRIA, affected insurance companies must make coverage for insured
losses from acts of terrorism under the program available to their
policyholders. Any existing policies with terrorism exclusions have been
temporarily voided by the act. n9 Carriers were required to make formal offers
for coverage to policyholders by February 26, 2003. The law does provide that
some carriers may charge an additional premium for the coverage and others may
make no charge. Insurers may not exclude workers' compensation policies from
terrorism coverage. n10 Insurers, however, may exclude federal crop insurance,
private mortgage insurance, medical malpractice insurance, flood insurance,
livestock insurance, and health and life insurance. The law requires insurance
companies to disclose to policyholders the premium charged for terrorism risk
insurance and the federal share of compensation provided under the law. n11



   n9 Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, H.R. 3210 § 105(a).

   n10 Id. at § 102(12)(a).

   n11 Id. at § 102(12)(b)(i).

   Unlike the deference afforded, to the states in terms of policy fee setting,
the act provides for preemption of state policy language approvals related to
current exclusions for acts of terrorism. Once an insurer makes an offer to
provide coverage and quotes a price for that coverage, a business can decide to
accept the offer and pay the applicable premium for the terrorism coverage or
allow the insurer to exclude coverage for acts of terrorism. When faced with
such decisions, many business clients will turn to their attorney for guidance.
While recognizing that the terrorist threat is a very real one, it is imperative
that an attorney maintain a measure of calm when counseling business clients as
to the implications of the act, and, where appropriate, when assisting them in
establishing the amount or even the necessity of such insurance. Such decisions
must be based upon an assessment of the "real" risk involved, the nature of the
business, and the fiscal effects that such policy premiums can have on the
bottom line, among other things.

Litigation Management

   In an effort to maintain control over the litigation process, TRIA preempts
all state causes of action of any kind for property damage, personal injury, or
death arising out of or resulting from an act of terrorism. Once the Secretary
of the Treasury makes a determination that an act of terrorism has occurred, an
exclusive federal cause of action arises for property damage, personal injury,
and death arising out of or relating to the act. Such causes of action must be
litigated in the federal district court located in the state where the terrorist
act arose. If several states are targeted, the Judicial Panel on Multi-District
Litigation shall select and assign the district court based upon the convenience
of the parties, and the just and efficient conduct of the proceedings. n12



   n12 Id. at § 107.


Satisfactions of Judgments

   If a person has obtained a judgment against a terrorist party on a claim
based upon an act of terrorism, any blocked assets (assets frozen or seized by
the United States) of the terrorist party are subject to execution or attachment
in aid of execution to satisfy the judgment n13 obtained. The judgment may be
against a terrorist party or organization, or a terrorist state. The most recent
state to be classified as a "terrorist state" is Iraq. n14



   n13 Id. at § 107(a).

   n14 Daliberti v. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., 2003 WL 340734 (S.D.N.Y.), decided
in February 2003. The court ruled that the Republic of Iraq has been designated
a terrorist state by the U.S. Department of Treasury, thus making it a terrorist
party under §§ 201(a) and (d)(4) of TRIA.


Summary

   TRIA swept through Congress with deliberate speed. Although it has served to
provide relief and terrorism insurance coverage to individual policyholders, the
jury is still out as to whether it will spur economic activity by expanding the
market for commercial insurance coverage. Analyzing such insurance coverage from
a purely business point of view, the risk of terrorism must be treated like any
other risk: Some companies require more insurance, others less, depending upon
the nature of their businesses. Every business lawyer should be aware, if not
fully cognizant, of the significant parts of the act in order to properly advise
their business clients of the implications of the act, particularly as they
relate to the benefits and costs of such insurance coverage.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Insurance LawClaims & ContractsCoinsuranceGeneral OverviewReal Property
LawFinancingMortgages & Other Security InstrumentsInsuranceReal Property
LawFinancingMortgages & Other Security InstrumentsPrivate Mortgage Insurance


                              553 of 559 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - History

                                October 4, 2013

                       Adamjee Insurance Company Limited

                 6th Floor, Adamjee House, I.I. Chundrigar Road
                             Karachi,  Sindh 74000
                                    Pakistan

* * * * * * * * * * HISTORY * * * * * * * * * *


2010 - Others

   The Pakistan Credit Rating Agency Limited (PACRA) had given AA rating for the
company.

2009 - Contracts/Agreements

   AICL was introduced with the collaboration of Hollard International.

2008 - New Products/Services

   AICL introduced travel product, Faaslay Asaan, and Crop Loan Insurance &
Livestock Insurance.

2004 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   The company completed the acquisition of MCB Bank.

2001 - Corporate Awards

   The company received â[#x20ac][#x2dc]The 2nd Best Insurance Company in Asia',
by Euro-money.

1998 - Corporate Awards

   MAP awarded Adamjee the Corporate Excellence Award.

1997 - Corporate Awards

   The Management Association of Pakistan (MAP) awarded Adamjee the Corporate
Excellence Award.

1960 - Incorporation/Establishment

   Adamjee Insurance Company Limited was incorporated.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Financial Ratios
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013


                              554 of 559 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2013 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                       GlobalData - Business Description

                               December 11, 2013

                                    NONGHYUP

                        75, 1-ga, Chungjeong-ro, Jung-Gu
                              Seoul,  TKY 100-707
                                  South Korea

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

OVERVIEW

   NONGHYUP (NACF) provides marketing and supply, banking and insurance services
for agricultural cooperatives and farmers principally in Korea. It operates
through affiliates and subsidiaries across 157 province. The company partners
with organizations in Japan, China and other Asian countries, Western Europe,
Russia, U.S.A., Canada, and Latin America. It is a member of such prominent
organizations such as the ICA, AFMA, APRACA, IFAP, IRU and EAOC.

   The company's operations are carried out through its business units such as
Agricultural Marketing & Supply, Livestock Marketing & Supply, Banking &
Insurance and Extension Services.

   NACF's Agricultural Marketing & Supply services supports member farmers
engaged in planting, cultivating, and harvesting. It offers assistance at every
stage of production from the preparatory stage of farm management to the
production, processing, distribution and consumption. The company aims to
promote production of safe, affordable and high-quality commodities, and bring
more profits and wealth to farmers and member cooperatives providing farmers
with access to agricultural inputs necessary for farming activities;
post-harvest handling and infrastructure support management, the supply and
demand stability program; and providing marketing & supply funds. The
agricultural marketing is carries out in two ways, namely, Rural Marketing, and
Urban marketing. The Rural Marketing is to secure the production supplies and
ensure high standards of goods to meet the needs of the Urban Customers. The
Urban Marketing has maximized its wholesale and retail capacity to market member
cooperatives' agri-products. The company's Grain Business and Farm Supply
Services supports member farmers by enhancing the stability of farm production
system and lowering the farm expenditures.

   The company's Livestock Marketing & Supply undertakes improvement of
infrastructure for livestock farmers and the industry.

   The key activities include fostering of core cooperative members based on
livestock commodity, improvement of livestock production through the
introduction of new and advanced technology, livestock supply initiatives,
reinforcement of livestock sanitation and quarantine and on-site customized
consulting.

   Its services include Production support which provide livestock farm
households with comprehensive support services including working funds,
livestock insurance premium, consulting, inspection of cattle sheds and sales
support through its core player scheme; Consulting Services, including free
access to livestock medical examination service, livestock cyber consulting
service, livestock consultant certification system and livestock consultant pool
program to farmers and member cooperatives; and Livestock Distribution and Sales
Support services conduct promotional sales events such as consumption-promoting
campaigns, food-tasting events, local Bulgogi beef festivals and other special
offers. The company opened 15 new agricultural-livestock product plazas (a total
of 161 places), 63 new brand stores (a total of 173 places), and 13 new local
marketplaces (a total of 130). It also provides 73 mobile livestock product sale
vehicles to leading member cooperatives so as to reduce transaction costs. The
company's Reduction of In-put Cost service helps farmers reduce feed costs; and
Livestock Diseases Control services focuses on animal health and welfare. NACF
has established a 24-hour surveillance system by installing 318 epidemic control
centers nationwide. It also develops and control measures against animal
epidemics for the winter season; installing 16 sites for storage of fumigation
supplies available in case of emergency; and providing training for livestock
farmers and the personnel who were responsible for epidemic control and
surveillance at cooperatives.

   NACF's Banking and Insurance services provide banking services to 27.7
million customers with 77.8 million bank accounts. Its comprehensive banking
services include retail banking, private banking, corporate banking,e-banking,
credit card, mutual credit, insurance, and others.

   The company's Extension Services improve the member farmers economic and
social well-being, support farming broadly and help improve the member farmers
communities. The services provided comprise Farm Policy Activities, Rural
Development Activities and International Cooperation which promotes the
well-being of member farmers with the aim of developing the nation's
agricultural industry.

   For the fiscal year ended 2011, the company had 1,167 member cooperatives'
head branches along with 3,306 branches under operation. In 2011, the total
number of member farmers stood at 2,446,836 while the number of the associate
members was 15,262,611.


* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       History
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013


                              555 of 559 DOCUMENTS



                    Hutchinson Herald (Menno, South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 18, 2010

Free coffee, information available at 2010 Dakotafest in Mitchell Aug. 17-19

BYLINE: Hutchinson Herald staff

LENGTH: 359  words


The coffee pot is full, and free, for the public who want a seat at the South
Dakota State University Virtual Coffee Shop events during the 2010 Dakotafest.

Each day during the Aug. 17-19 outdoor farm show, visitors to the festival can
join Extension Pesticide Education Coordinator Jim Wilson, who will host the
Virtual Coffee Shops on site. Anyone with Internet access also can join the
conversation remotely.

Virtual Coffee Shops begin each day at 9:30 a.m. Wilson will lead discussions
with guests from SDSU and the South Dakota Cooperative Extension Service. The
agenda in- cludes: Aug. 18, Wilson and Hamlin County Extension Business
Management and Marketing Educator Don Guthmiller will talk about considerations
when renting your land.

Aug. 19, Wilson will host a two-part session. The first focuses on feeding
weather-damaged corn and includes insight from Extension Swine Specialist Bob
Thaler. The second part will focus on livestock insurance with guest Extension
Risk and Business Management Specialist Matthew Diersen.

Attendees at the Dakotafest grounds will receive free coffee

during these meetings. To join online, connect to the Virtual Coffee Shop at
this link: http://sdces.sdstate.edu/ces_website/conferences/coffeeshop/. Choose
the "How to Set Up and Use Ellu-minate Conferencing" choice on the page, then
follow the instructions. The website also includes information on the agenda for
each day, and links to recordings of the sessions for those who wish to review
them after they conclude.

Dakotafest is held at Schlaffman Farm, located just south of Mitchell at exit
332 on Interstate 90.

In addition to the Virtual Coffee Shop, SDSU staff will host pavilions that
focus on seed technology, plant science, animal science, and many other facets
of agriculture and education. Staffers will serve free SDSU ice cream each day
at 12:30 p.m., and free water is available at the SDSU Student Union Pavilion.

After Dakotafest ends, the Virtual Coffee Shops continue. On Aug. 25, Wilson
will host a special session that focuses on food, fuel, and the recent
SDSU-hosted Economic Vitality Conference.

For more information, call Wilson at 605-688-4752.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HUT

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2010 Hutchinson Herald


                              556 of 559 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                    February 3, 2000 Thursday Final Edition

U.S. announces $11.5B plan to help farmers

SOURCE: The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: World; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 98 words

DATELINE: Washington

The U.S. government announced on Wednesday a two-year, $11.5-billion plan to
boost farm incomes, encourage conservation and help farmers buy crop and
livestock insurance.

Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said the goal is to make supplemental aid to
farmers more predictable until the mammoth 1996 farm bill is rewritten in 2002.

Even though that bill had envisaged a market-driven policy with fewer subsidies
for farmers, Congress has approved about $15 billion in emergency aid over the
past two years, acknowledging that drought and low prices continue to take a
toll.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News; Brief

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 559 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     July 23, 1996, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Quebec flood victims to receive a 'blanket' of federal assistance: With the full
damage to the region yet to be reckoned, Ottawa's bill could run into the tens
of millions of dollars.

BYLINE: TERRANCE WILLS; MONTREAL GAZETTE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 804 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


The flood-battered residents of the Saguenay River Valley will benefit from
millions of dollars Canadian taxpayers will lay out to help relieve their misery
and restore their lives and property. The cause of federalism may benefit, too.

While the Quebec government will be liable for about the first $ 7 million of
"eligible" costs under a federal disaster-relief fund, Ottawa will pick up half
of the next $ 14 million, 75 per cent of the $ 14 million after that, and 90 per
cent of the rest.

With the full damages yet to be totalled, Ottawa's bill could run into the tens
of millions under the formula which is based on the province's population.

"It would be a stupid kind of federation if one part of the federation didn't
help another in times of dire need," Dave Peters, director general of readiness
and operations for Emergency Preparedness Canada, said Monday in an interview.

Besides concern for the beleaguered region long known as a separatist
stronghold, Prime Minister Jean Chretien may have had political considerations
at the back of his mind when he was so quick to inspect the flood damage by air.

His helicopter sortie Sunday morning established a federal presence even before
Premier Lucien Bouchard, who's from the area and who had been vacationing in
California, was able to inspect the ravaged region.

Chretien's immediate response was reminiscent of how U.S. presidents usually
jump on a helicopter to swoop over states struck by big floods or fires, and
declare disaster areas eligible for direct aid from Washington.

But it doesn't work that way in federal Canada. "It's not like it is in the U.S.
We can't just go in and declare a disaster area, proactively going in there and
organizing volunteers," Peters said.

"We don't do it that way in this country. It is the provinces that have primary
responsibility and we support them with everything we can, including financial
support."

While Ottawa's financial largesse may show the Saguenay flood victims the
benefits of belonging to a large federal union, the payments also hold the
potential for disputes, not just with the provincial government but with the
residents of Chicoutimi and La Baie and other stricken communities.

The reason is the way the Disaster Financial Assistance arrangements provide
funds in the event of tornadoes or forest fire evacuations or, in this case,
extensive floods.

For instance, in the case of individuals, DFA covers the portion of the cost not
covered by insurance, to restore someone's main home -- but not their cottage. A
basic TV set would be covered, but not a complete home-entertainment centre.

"Insurance doesn't cover certain types of flooding," Peters said. "But DFA is
not an insurance program. The Canadian people don't pay insurance premiums for
this. The aim of these arrangements is to help people get back on their feet,
housewives, small businessmen. It's no more than that.

"The aim is not to compensate you for everything that got lost. It's designed to
cover the essential items of living."

In other words, DFA does not cover "luxuries" like jewelry or recreation
vehicles -- whereas it does cover repairs for garages and driveways and grounds.
In fact, a homeover could claim compensation under DFA for his time, at the
minimum provincial wage, to clean up his property.

Churches cannot claim DFA aid -- unless they provide "a facility essential to
the secular needs of the community."

Stoves and refrigerators are covered. Fur coats are not. Nor is foodstuff in the
case of an individual.

But DFA is also designed to help small businessmen and farmers after a disaster,
and a small grocer might seek financial relief for his stock not covered by
insurance besides renovations to his shop.

Farmers can claim help only for losses not covered by other programs, like crop
and livestock insurance programs. Fences around working farms are covered,
ornamental fences around a farmhouse are not.

But the big bite on DFA will come in the restoration of public works -- dams,
roads, bridges, sewers. And here, for the DFA to apply, officials from Ottawa
and Quebec City will have to cooperate closely in assessing the cost to restore
these works to their pre-disaster state. And that could open another avenue for
dispute between federal politicians and Quebec politicians and bureaucrats, who
are known to guard jealously their jurisdiction.

The EPF guideless on DFA say: "Provinces may provide more generous assistance
than the federal arrangements permit. In this circumstance, federal assistance
is limited to that portion eligible under the guidelines."

Peters said: "We help the provinces put together the expenditures, or they can
do it on their own, but one way or the other we monitor it pretty closely, and
then we have it audited."


LOAD-DATE: July 24, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: more than 1,500 people were flown out of Grand Baie, because of
flooding over the weekend that caused tens of millions of dollars in damage
RYAN REMIORZ/ CP/ RESTING: a woman sleeps Monday on a cot inside an army base
arena at CFB Bagotville, Que.

CP/ Major floods in the Saguenay River Valley, Quebec

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 559 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           October 31, 1974, Thursday

SECTION: Page 18, Column 1

LENGTH: 48 words

Early frost in Mex has wiped out 2 yrs of experiments at Internatl Maize and
Wheat Inst.  Inst deputy dir Dr Robert D Osler comments on losses.  Mex Natl Agr
and Livestock Ins Co dir Jose Guevara Calderon says frost cost nation 600,000
tons of corn and nearly 100,000 tons of barley (M).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 304-7

              Copyright 1974 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              559 of 559 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                             April 20, 2012 Friday

âEUR~Banking for all' to boost economic growth

BYLINE: Gulf News Report

LENGTH: 720 words


Dubai Three out of four of the world's poor people do not have a bank account,
not only because of poverty, but also because of the cost and amount of paper
work involved in opening one, says a latest report by World Bank released
yesterday.

When the entire world's population is considered, both rich and poor, the
unbanked population averages at 50 per cent. This means, roughly about 3.5
billion people do not have access to banking.

In the Middle East and North Africa the figure is around 18 per cent, while in
the UAE the share of population with a formal bank account reached 40 per cent.
This means 60 per cent of the UAE's population do not have a bank account,
although all of them access financial and money remittance services and other
forms of transactions.

The 2011 survey of about 150,000 people in 148 countries finds that more than 75
per cent of adults earning less than $2 (Dh7.35) a day did not use a formal
financial institution.

The phenomenon of being "unbanked" is also linked to income inequality: the
richest 20 per cent of adults in developing countries are more than twice as
likely to have a formal account as the poorest 20 per cent.

Those without access to formal banking often have to rely on money lenders who
often charge high fees. The "unbanked" are also less likely to start their own
business or insure themselves against unexpected events.

Financial inclusion, or being "banked" can be transformative, as it allows poor
people to build a more secure future.

The ability to save and borrow allows them to build their assets, start a
business, invest in education, establish a credit rating, and eventually own a
home.

"Providing financial services to the 2.5 billion people who are âEUR~unbanked'
could boost economic growth and opportunity for the world's poor," World Bank
Group President Robert B. Zoellick said in a statement obtained by Gulf News.

"Harnessing the power of financial services can really help people to pay for
schooling, save for a home, or start a small business that can provide jobs for
others. This new report on the world's âEUR~unbanked' makes the case: the more
poor people are banking today, the more they are banking on their future."

Women are particularly disadvantaged when it comes to access to financial
services. Only 37 per cent of women in developing countries have an account,
whereas 46 per cent of men do. That gap is even bigger among those in poverty:
Women living below $2 a day are 28 per cent less likely than men to have a bank
account. Worldwide, 22 per cent of adults report having saved at a formal
financial institution in the past 12 months, according to the World Bank's
Global Financial Inclusion Database, or Global Findex.

Comprehensive picture

Findex provides the most comprehensive picture yet of how people around the
world save, borrow, make payments and manage risks. Even among those who do have
a formal bank account, only 43 per cent of adults use their account to save. Yet
61 per cent of account holders worldwide use their account to receive payments
from an employer, the government or family members living elsewhere.

The data was collected by Gallup, Inc using the Gallup World Poll Survey.

Few adults in developing countries use formal financial products to manage risk.
More than 11 per cent of adults in developing countries have an outstanding loan
for emergencies or health-care needs, but more than 80 per cent of these adults
use only informal sources of credit. Of adults in developing countries working
in farming, forestry or fishing, only 6 per cent of them have crop, rainfall or
livestock insurance.

"Good, comparable national data is so important for the development of effective
policies. I hope policymakers will use this research to help make sure everyone,
everywhere, has access to financial services," said Princess MÃ¡xima of the
Netherlands and the UN Secretary-General's Special Advocate for Inclusive
Finance for Development.

Money transfers through mobile phones is a form of increasingly popular
nontraditional banking that often doesn't require users to travel or set up an
account at a brick-and-mortar bank. Such mobile banking, which allows account
holders to pay bills, make deposits or conduct other transactions via text
messaging, has expanded to 16 per cent of the market in sub-Saharan Africa.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2012 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved
