
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                               November 24, 2015

Crisis Looms in Nigeria's Health Sector As Donor Partners Withdraw Funds

BYLINE: Kuni Tyessi and Victor Okeke

LENGTH: 1178 words

DATELINE: Abuja


Nigeria's health sector heavily dependent on international donor funds may
witness a reversal of current gains if the country does to tackle this problem
as donors withdraw such funds.

From the fight against HIV to poliomyelitis, Nigerian government contributes
just a little of 20 percent of such disease responses.

With Nigeria currently rated as Africa's biggest economy, the country is no
longer qualified to received many of the international donor grants meant for
poor world countries still struggling to archive minimum standards of health and
education.

The Director-General of the National Agency for the Control of AIDS (NACA)
Professor John Idoko told LEADERSHIP on Tuesday that Nigerian government funding
for HIV activities is worrisome.

He said "We signed an agreement with our biggest donor in 2011 that by 15,
Nigeria should be able to fund HIV related activities to 50 per cent."

According to Idoko, up till now, government funding for HIV is still below 25
per cent.

"Clearly we are not doing well, we are the second most burdened country after
South Africa. South Africa has about six million people with HIV and it
contributes 90 per cent of funding for its HIV response. Currently, they have
over three million people on drugs," he said at a press conference to commence
this year's world AIDS day in Abuja.

Also, the the National Coordinator of the National Blood Transfusion Service
(NBTS) Dr Oluwatoyin Smith is calling on the government to dedicate funds for
the service as its biggest donor, the United States Centre for Disease Control
is withdrawing funding from the service.

Dr Smith said that with the increasing terrorist attacks and other large scale
human emergencies requiring immediate health attention, the agency is been
stretched beyond limit.

"Funds needs to dedicated to the course. We have thrived on $5 million in the
past and going forward, we need to be able to be able to produce safe blood
units for victims of accidents, sickle cell patients, women with postpartum
hemorrhage and children," she said.

She added that the NBTS needs $5 million on the minimum to be able to carry out
its mandate.

Last week, during the commemoration World Diabetes Day in Abuja, pharmaceutical
gaint, GlaxoSmithKline announced a 10-year steady reduction in price of
pneumococcal vaccines to enable Nigeria continue to purchase vaccines at prices
meant for low-income countries still dependent on support from the Global
Alliance for Vaccine Initiative (GAVI).

GAVI support pools donor funds from around the world to pay for vaccines used in
low-income countries, but Nigeria's rebasing its economy has made the country no
longer eligible for that support by 2021.

According to Dr Olakunle Oladehin, cluster medical leader for GSK's sub-Saharan
Africa division, the plan is to ensure that Nigeria after graduating from GAVI
eligibility continues to enjoy the same GAVI from GSK to sustain vaccination."

The tendency is that if Nigeria graduates from GAVI and we revert to regular
price, it may be an inhibition for government to continue to procure vaccines."

Geneva based GAVI has been paying for 60 per cent of Nigeria's vaccine need for
the past 10 years. Nigeria pays the balance of 40 per cent.

Now because Nigeria has rebased its economy, it can no more qualify for
(immunisation funding for countries with lower daily dollar spending).

GAVI has said that they will withdraw the money gradually, by reducing Nigeria's
payment by 20 per cent every year, so that by 2020 the country would have
exhausted the 20 per cent and from 2021, it will be paying 100 per cent of the
cost of vaccines

According to Idoko, in the years past, the U.S. government used to support
Nigeria almost 80 per cent but now it is reducing its expansion to 32 of the 774
local governments of the country.

"Given the situation we are, domestic funding is key, we cannot leave treatment
in the hands of donors because donor money is gradually declining.

"There are many innovative ways that are on the table and that National and
State Health Insurance is a very good way to go on.

"We are one of the countries with this large large number of persons to treat
but we cannot produce any of the drugs that we require with WHO
prequalification. We do not produce test kits or condoms and those are the key
things any nation fighting HIV should be able to produce."

With about three million Nigerians requiring treatment and given the new
guideline by the World Health Organisation of test and treat, it means that
Nigeria has a lot of work to do.

He said the biggest challenge facing HIV activities in Nigeria is how to fund
its response as donors withdraw support.

"A response that is dedicated 80 per cent to donors is not healthy at all
particularly as it stands now, everyone who has HIV needs to treated.

"But we want the funding to go beyond the government. Resource mobilisatiom must
come from every level from the federal, state and local government and to the
private sector.

"We have been to states like Delta and Benue who have put state health insurance
agency and which I think is really going to work because we cannot continue
looking at the government.

"Instead of looking to the government, everybody is putting money as a premium
and even funders are interested in putting money as a premium. When you do that,
there's a lot more money for health and ensures that those put money also put
their eyes there.

"There are still other ways like taxes. Abroad, they are doing airline tax, GSM
tax, in Taiwan, there national health insurance incorporates all these and
ensures that have more money," Idoko said.

Also, the secretary of Network of People Living with HIV/AIDS in Nigeria
(NEPWHAN), Abdul Kadir Ibrahim charged Nigerians and people living with HIV to
own up to responsibility by stop demanding for stipends before visiting clinics.

"We also need to contribute to the HIV response as well. Government and partners
pay for the drugs and the laboratory baseline investigations.

"Why should a mentor mother still be asking for stipend for the service she gave
gave to her colleagues who are also HIV positive like her? As individuals, we
also need to be paying back to the community. It is high time we came and
volunteered at some of our facilities," he said.

Meanwhile, the Executive Director of the National Primary Health Care
Development Agency (NPHCDA), Dr Ado Muhammed, is optimistic that even with
dwindling donor funds, the agency can survive with funds as provided by the
National Health Act.

He said: "The National Health Act provides for the Basic Health Care Provision
Fund to provide access to basic health care services for Nigerians, the first
such fund in the history of the country. This will be disbursed as grants to
states.

"The Basic Health Care Provision fund shall be financed from the federal
government annual grant of not less than one per cent of its Consolidated
Revenue Fund, and grants by international donor partners.

Muhammed added that passage of the Bill is a significant milestone towards
achieving Universal Health Coverage (UHC) for all Nigerians.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            March 15, 2007 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

COMMUNITY BRIEFS: Clayton State offers auto clinic aimed at women

BYLINE: GINA SIMPSON; Staff

SECTION: CLAYTON / HENRY; Pg. 4JI

LENGTH: 625 words


Car-Buy-Her, an automotive resource for women, will host "What Men Don't Want
You to Know: Auto Buying and Maintenance Clinic for Women," a specially designed
automotive clinic for women, from 1 to 4 p.m. April 21 at Clayton State
University in Morrow.

The cost of the clinic is $20. The goal is to provide women with simple tips and
techniques to help them become more empowered when buying and maintaining a car
and to offer insight and knowledge in a nonthreatening environment that allows
women to become more comfortable and confident as automotive consumers.

Additional information is available at www.car-buy-her.com or by calling
770-210-0726.

LifeLink of Georgia receives award

LifeLink of Georgia, the nonprofit community service organ procurement
organization, works with nearly 200 Georgia hospitals, including Henry Medical
Center in Stockbridge, which received the Medal of Honor from the Health
Resources and Services Administration during the Second Annual National Learning
Congress in October. The Medal of Honor was awarded to 11 Georgia hospitals for
outstanding achievement.

For information about organ and tissue donation, call 770-225-5465 or visit
www.lifelinkfound.org.

United Way offers grant program

The United Way of Clayton, Henry and Butts counties again is offering Community
Neighborhood Investment grants. The CNI grants are awarded to local neighborhood
groups to spur community involvement and promote the success of grass-roots
efforts.

Grants are awarded for one-time projects and usually range between $200 and
$1,000. Such grants focus on areas where a small group can make a big impact.

CNI grants target groups rather than ongoing community services, and eligible
groups are not required to have formal nonprofit 501(c)(3) status.

To obtain a Great Idea application, call 678-583-8987. The applications deadline
is April 13. Announcements for fall awards will be made May 7.

Golf tournament for charity planned

The Police Benevolent Foundation Inc., the charitable arm of the Southern States
Benevolent Association Inc., will have its first charity golf tournament at the
Cotton Fields Gold Club on June 11. The shotgun start is scheduled for 1 p.m.

Proceeds from the tournament will benefit the foundation's initiatives designed
to support law enforcement officers and their families.

Fees for the tournament are $100 per golfer, $400 per team. Sponsorship
opportunities are available. For more information or to register, call
770-389-5391, Ext. 321.

School step teams at Mount Zion event

Clayton County Schools Step Teams will compete in the Second Annual STOMP D.A.T.
(Drugs, Alcohol and Tobacco) Youth Step Show, beginning at 6 p.m. Saturday at
Mount Zion High School, 2535 Mount Zion Parkway, Jonesboro. The STOMP D.A.T.
Youth Step Show allows positive competitive fun with a message of avoidance in
the use of drugs, alcohol and tobacco products.

The show is being hosted by the Henry County alumni group of Delta Sigma Theta
sorority. Tickets are $8 in advance and $10 at the door. For ticket information,
call 404-210-2566.

Leadership camp scheduled April 2-6

A youth leadership camp will be held for high school students during spring
break from April 2-6. This is a one-week mini-course in leadership development,
which will include a personal finance workshop, oral presentation activities,
character-building activities, entrepreneurship, and health and fitness
activities. Transportation is available, and one free meal of breakfast or lunch
will be served. The morning session will be 9 a.m. to noon, and the afternoon
session will be from 2 to 5 p.m. The camp is at the Wyngate Enclave Clubhouse,
100 Durham Way, Stockbridge. The cost is $80 per student. For registration and
more information, call 404-993-1841.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             April 17, 2007 Tuesday

SOMEBODY'S MIDNIGHT SNACK TURNS MESSY

SECTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; IN THE KNOW; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 509 words


TARPON SPRINGS

Police woke Rosario Campbell early Saturday morning to alert her to an act of
culinary vandalism. Someone had smeared at least a meal's worth of food all over
her white Ford pickup. "There was salad dressing, pudding of rice, barbecue
sauce, birthday cake," said Campbell, 43, a certified nursing assistant who
lives on Cromwell Drive with her fiance and children. "Maybe some teenagers
wanted to have fun and the car was the target." She said she had no idea who was
responsible for the mess. Family members washed the truck before the food dried,
and no lasting damage was found.

SAFETY HARBOR

Food, games, fun - and it's all free

You're invited to a family-friendly block party Saturday at the Safety Harbor
Neighborhood Family Center. The sixth annual block party features food, games,
clowns, music, face-painting and Starbucks coffee, and it's all free. City
leaders from Safety Harbor, Oldsmar and Clearwater will be there along with
state Rep. Ed Hooper, R-Clearwater. The party goes from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. at
1003 Dr. M.L. King Jr. St. N. Call the Neighborhood Family Center at (727)
791-8255 for information.

CLEARWATER

Man dies after he is struck by van

A man died Saturday night when he walked onto Roosevelt Boulevard and was struck
by a van, authorities said Monday. Investigators so far have not been able to
identify the man. The Florida Highway Patrol said he was walking south across
Roosevelt Boulevard near Morgan Street about 8:20 p.m. Saturday. Wearing
dark-colored clothing, he was struck by a GMC van driven by Christine Monahan,
43, of Clearwater, troopers said. The man was taken to Largo Medical Center
where he was pronounced dead. Monahan was not injured. No charges were filed.

COUNTYWIDE

Get hands-on with law enforcement

The Pinellas County Sheriff's Office Explorer Post 900 will hold the second
annual Law Enforcement Explorer Academy from May 21 to June 1 at the Pinellas
County Medical Examiner's Office, next to the sheriff's administration building
at 10750 Ulmerton Road. The Explorer Academy is for local students 14 to 18. The
academy gives teens the chance to explore a career in law enforcement through
hands-on activities. Visit www.post900.com or call Cpl. Robert Bauman at (727)
464-7265.

BELLEAIR

Red Carpet Gala set for Saturday

The Clearwater Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta sorority will host its 30th
annual fundraising event at 6:30 p.m. Saturday. This year's "Red Carpet Gala and
Silent Auction" will be held at the Belleview Biltmore Resort and Spa. The gala
is the chapter's largest annual fundraiser and supports the organization's
scholarships and community projects. Motivational speaker Stacey Spencer will be
the emcee. The event includes appetizers, dinner and dancing to the music of
City Groove. The alumnae chapter works closely with girls in grades 6-12 through
the Delta Academy and Delta GEMS programs, which emphasize math and science.
Tickets are $60. Call Denotra Showers at (727) 798-4291 or e-mail &
deltaredcarpet@yahoo. com. For more information, visit www.clearwaterdst.org.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              May 27, 2014 Tuesday

The Journal Record Health Care Briefs: May 27, 2014

BYLINE: The Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1557  words


St. Anthony promotes Gliva OKLAHOMA CITY - St. Anthony has promoted Gerry Gliva
as director, business applications and information technology infrastructure.
Gliva has a master's degree in project management from George Washington
University. He is a graduate of the University of Washington. Gliva had worked
in technology project consulting and management at St.

Anthony since 2011. - Staff report Heart study designed to save firefighter
lives OKLAHOMA CITY - Integris Heart Hospital at Integris Baptist Medical Center
in Oklahoma City teamed up with the Oklahoma Council on Firefighter Training to
investigate the rate of stress coupled with heart disease in on-duty fatalities
among firefighters. Integris Heart Hospital initiated and funded the original
research study to evaluate an efficient way to screen firefighters for
cardiovascular disease. The study screened 100 firefighters from 20 Oklahoma
communities. All of the participants were at least 40 years old. The
participants underwent a calcium score. Participants who showed any
calcification received a coronary computed tomography angiogram as well, which
detects soft plaque within the heart arteries. The total time for both studies
was less than 30 minutes, with immediate results on the calcium score and
angiogram results within 48 hours. "Recommendations for next steps were provided
to each firefighter based on their individual results," said George Chrysant,
chief scientific officer and principal investigator of the study with Integris
Heart Hospital. "We ended up with five heart catheterizations performed, one
stent placed, one person with quadruple bypass surgery, and one person with a
pacemaker. Many of the participants were placed on medical management with
recommended lifestyle modifications to aid in prevention of disease. "
Thirty-day, six-month and one-year follow-up visits were scheduled. At the
conclusion of the study, all participants except one had shown marked
improvement. That patient suffered a heart attack 15 months after the initial
screening. The pilot program has helped raise greater awareness about the risks
of cardiac events among firefighters. "The hope is that the effort will be
ongoing and such screenings will eventually be available to every firefighter in
the state," said Chrysant. "The ultimate goal would be to extend the model
nationwide, so that it could benefit firefighters across the country as well. "
The Congressional Fire Services Institute and the National Fallen Firefighters
Foundation presented Integris Heart Hospital and the Oklahoma Council on
Firefighter Training with the 2014 Sen. Paul S. Sarbanes Fire Service Safety
Leadership Award. - Staff report General surgeon joins Integris EDMOND - Patrick
Bell has joined Integris Medical Group. Bell is a board-certified general
surgeon and has practiced in the Oklahoma City area for 15 years. His special
interests include gall bladder surgery, anti-reflux surgery and parathyroid
surgery. Bell's office is at 105 S. Bryant Ave. in Edmond. - Staff report
Atkinson joins Delta Dental board OKLAHOMA CITY - Gean B. Atkinson has joined
the Delta Dental board of directors. He is president of Atkinson Advertising
Associates in Oklahoma City. Atkinson will serve on the governance committee and
provide counsel in a corporate strategy development and execution. - Staff
report NorthCare adds chief medical officer OKLAHOMA CITY - Jedidiah Perdue has
joined NorthCare as chief medical officer. Perdue completed medical school at
the University of Oklahoma before residency training in psychiatry at the Duke
University Medical Center, where he also served as chief resident. He is on
faculty at the University of Oklahoma Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral
Sciences. He is board-certified in psychiatry. - Staff report OCU offers
physician assistant program sessions OKLAHOMA CITY - Oklahoma City University
has scheduled a series of advising and information sessions for its new
physician assistant program, which is expected to begin classes in January 2016.
Sessions are scheduled from 5:30 to 7 p.m. on June 9, Aug. 11 and Nov. 3 on
campus. The OCU program will focus on graduating PAs with an emphasis on
providing primary care in community hospitals and clinics. Dan McNeill and Jerry
Vannatta are developing the program. McNeill has been named director. Vannatta,
former executive dean of the OU College of Medicine, will serve as OCU program
medical director after his retirement from OU in June. More information about
the program is available at www.okcu.edu/physician-assistant. - Staff report Eye
institute receives gift from Chickasaw Nation OKLAHOMA CITY - The Dean McGee Eye
Institute has received a major gift from the Chickasaw Nation to complete the
funding for renovation of its research facilities. The Chickasaw Nation's gift
and support from other major donors has allowed the Dean McGee Eye Institute and
the University of Oklahoma Department of Ophthalmology to double the size of a
vision research center to 7,750 square feet and provide updated technologies and
facilities to more effectively conduct biomedical vision research. In
recognition of this and a prior gift, the third floor of the original DMEI
building, for which renovations were completed in August, will be named the
Chickasaw Nation Center for Human Resources and Business and Clinical Support
Services. The renovated research facilities will be named the J.E. and L.E.
Mabee Foundation Translational Vision Research Center to recognize the lead gift
provided by the Tulsa-based foundation. - Staff report Indian Health Center has
agreement with VA TULSA - The Indian Health Care Resource Center of Tulsa Inc.
has a new agreement with the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs allowing the
center to bill the VA for services provided to eligible Indian veterans. The
nonprofit Indian Health Care Resource Center offers health and wellness services
for the Indian community. - Staff report OU receives $4.5 million grant NORMAN -
A University of Oklahoma research team has been awarded a five-year, $4.5
million grant from the Defense Threat Reduction Agency to address three
antibiotic-resistant pathogens causing infections in hospitals and in people
with cystic fibrosis. The OU research will perform research that potentially
will lead to the design of effective antibiotic drugs. Helen Zgurskaya,
principal investigator and professor of chemistry and biochemistry in the OU
College of Arts and Sciences, will direct the investigation of these three
pathogens known to resist most clinically relevant antibiotics. Co-investigators
on the project include Valentin Rybenkov, professor of chemistry and
biochemistry in the OU College of Arts and Sciences; and James Aggen, professor
of medicinal chemistry at Northeastern University. Initially, the team will
develop protocols for comparing different properties of compounds. Currently,
there is no single technique to measure how various antibiotics get into the
cell. The team will establish a set of rules for how antibiotics get into the
cell. This project is sponsored by the Department of the Defense, Defense Threat
Reduction Agency. - Staff report OMRF researches free radicals OKLAHOMA CITY -
Free radicals are usually associated with aging, heart disease, and
neurodegenerative conditions. But researchers at the Oklahoma Medical Research
Foundation have found that free radicals are also vital to normal heart
function. When cells use oxygen to create energy, they create free radicals as a
byproduct, said OMRF researcher Hui-Ying Lim. "Most people talk about free
radicals as if they're only harmful, and there's plenty of evidence linking them
to many different diseases," she said. "That's the rationale behind the surge in
products containing antioxidants, which are supposed to trap free radicals. But
increasingly, we're seeing that free radicals are also necessary for human
health. " In a paper published in the journal Cell Reports, Lim and fellow OMRF
researcher Weidong Wang describe how the presence of free radicals in
pericardial cells - cells that surround the heart - are used to communicate with
heart cells called cardiomyocytes. "The first heart transplant took place almost
50 years ago, but while surgeons have become skilled at replacing damaged
hearts, we're still not sure what makes hearts beat properly," she said. "The
molecular mechanisms that drive our hearts are still a big mystery. " OMRF
scientists, working with Rolf Bodmer of the Sanford Burnham Medical Research
Institute in La Jolla, California, used fruit flies, which have a simple tube as
a heart, to make their discovery. "We've found that moderate amounts of free
radicals are essential for heart function," she said. "They may still cause
problems in overt amounts, but they serve an important role in the heart at
optimal levels. " The next step in the research will be to further investigate
the role of free radicals in the hearts of fruit flies and to explore the
potential relevance of their findings in mice, she said. The research was funded
by a grant from the National Institute of General Medical Sciences, part of the
National Institutes of Health. - Staff report

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 10, 1990, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Tough times in the Delta;
'People don't realize how desperate we are';
Plan comes 'just in time' for the Delta

BYLINE: Judy Keen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1129 words


The Mississippi's lower delta - once a breadbasket nourished by the river's
rhythms - is trying to rescue itself from the dreary poverty that's shackled it
for decades.

The Lower Mississippi Delta Commission next week sends to Congress and President
Bush a 10-year plan for salvaging the dreams of 8.4 million residents of the
USA's poorest region, which touches parts of Illinois, Kentucky, Missouri,
Arkansas, Tennessee, Mississippi and Louisiana.

''People don't realize how desperate we are,'' says McGehee, Ark., Mayor Rosalie
Gould. ''We're trying desperately to get back on our feet, but when your average
salary is less than the poverty rate for the nation, there's not much you can
do. If something doesn't happen soon, I don't know how much longer McGehee or
any of these towns can hold on.''

The commission was created by Congress in October 1988 to find ways to free the
region from the grip of Third World levels of poverty, illiteracy, unemployment,
infant mortality and sub-standard housing.

Its draft report, obtained Wednesday by Gannett News Service , makes more than
400 recommendations that would require a huge - but undefined - influx of
federal dollars: a campaign to boost Delta products, a year-long festival to
lure visitors, more aid to poor families, a literacy program, development money
for colleges. The report suggests radical measures such as national health
insurance. The plan ''comes just in time for the Delta and its people,'' panel
head Arkansas Gov. Bill Clinton wrote President Bush. Grim realities:

- 20.9 percent of Delta residents live below the poverty level - $ 9,890 for a
family of three. The poorest: Tunica County, Miss., with 52.9 percent below the
poverty line.

- In Humphreys County, Miss., 70 percent black, about 29 of every 1,000 babies
die before their first birthdays.

- In March 1989, when 5.2 percent of the USA was jobless, 8.36 percent were out
of work in the Delta.

Progress put the skids on the region's economy: combines, tractors and cotton
harvesting machines replaced workers in the fields after World War II. Farming
remains the dominant industry, but it takes fewer people and more
sophistication.

Other jobs have emerged: cut-and-sew operations in the Missouri Bootheel,
vegetable production in Arkansas and Tennessee, catfish farms and processing
plants in Mississippi.

Educating the workforce is another big task. More than 1 in 4 adolescents drops
out of high school.

The Delta also is home to the nation's poorest schools. In 1982, for example,
the region spent $ 2,175 per pupil, 20 percent less than the $ 2,701 U.S.
average.

Already, legislatures in Mississippi, Arkansas and Kentucky are overhauling
education systems, boosting teacher pay and curriculum requirements and
expanding preschools and kindergartens.

In Arkansas, corporate grants encourage kids to stay in school. In Mississippi,
fiber-optic technology that can put university-based teachers on TVs in rural
classrooms will be tested this year.

Says commission director Wilbur Hawkins: ''This country is undergoing an
educational revolution ... (that) will produce for this region one dynamic
benefit it has not had historically, and that is affordable education for all
people.''

Still, there is much to do: A recent study suggests 16 percent of Louisianans
can't read or write.

Health care, too, is a major concern in the Delta. Hospitals are closing.
Doctors are taking their black bags to the city.

That trend isn't likely to change, but technology could help. Satellites could
play doctor, linking emergency medical teams of nurses and technicians with
doctors at city medical centers.

The Mississippi Delta Commission is not the first panel to try to address the
problems of a failing region: Congress created the Appalachian Regional
Commission in 1965 to bring economic development to a five-state area that, as
the legislation put it, had ''not shared properly in the nation's prosperity.''

Twenty-five years later, results are mixed: About $ 6 billion has been spent on
17,000 projects, from building roads and industrial parks to a quilting contest
and training for sheep graders.

To work, the Delta plan must move the region toward industry and manufacturing
without damaging natural resources.

''It sounds like they are heading in the right direction,'' says Charles
Bartsch, policy analyst for the Northeast-Midwest Institute, a think tank for 18
states. ''If it sounds like pie in the sky, they're setting themselves up to
fail.''

There are no quick fixes. The commission's goal: Delta income and unemployment
figures at the national average by 2000.

It will take money to do that, says Rep. Mike Espy, D-Miss., sponsor of
legislation creating the commission. ''We give money to Nicaragua and Panama and
now over in Eastern Europe,'' he says. ''I would hope that we could do the same
for ourselves.''

Warns David Dodson, vice president of MDC Inc., a Southern economic development
research group: ''You can't overcome two centuries of neglect and colonial
exploitation in 10 years.''

Controversy greeted the commission almost immediately after its start, as civil
rights groups and politicians blasted it for not being racially diverse: All
members are white, though the region is 30 percent black. Each of the seven
states' governors appointed one commissioner, all white males. Today, blacks
make up about half the panel's 27-member staff, based in Memphis.

Racism and segregation - and sharp distinctions between haves and have- nots -
make change even tougher. Victorian mansions and palatial plantations share the
Delta landscape with blighted housing projects and boarded-up homes.

Outside Hughes, Ark., population 1,919, white kids play ball on a field with
lights, bleachers and a concession stand. Across town, black kids have a rusted
basketball hoop and bare metal swings. Racism, symbolized by a segregated
softball league, thrives.

Lois Doolittle lives on $ 457 a month and has nine kids: ''One day I hope that
life will be fixed up like I want it to be. I'd like to be comfortable and give
my kids some of what they need. Right now, I only give them what I can. I hope
they become teachers one day, lawyers or doctors - instead of getting in
trouble.''

For most kids - black or white, in Hughes and across the Delta - the road to
success leads out of town. ''Kids that finish school leave here and never look
back,'' says Rev. William DuBois.

Adds Liz Davis, a Hughes softball coach and mother of three: ''I've preached to
mine every day: 'If you want to become someone, you have to leave Hughes,
Arkansas.' ''

 Contributing: Joe Atkins, Carol Bradley, Diana Branum, Mike Brown, Joe
Crommett, Carole Lawes, Larry Muhammad, Lisa Pevtzow and Jeffrey Stinson

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  color (Map, Lower Mississippi Delta); PHOTO FIRST; color, JoEllen
Black, USA TODAY (Toya Doolittle); PHOTO; color, J.D. Schwalm, USA TODAY
(Michelle Dorsey, Larasher Isabell)

CUTLINE: PASSING TIME: Michelle Dorsey, 17, and Larasher Isabell, 5 months, in
Caster Alley, less than 50 yards from the main street in Tunica, Miss. Residents
call the area the 'New Sugar Ditch.'

TYPE: Cover Story

Accompanying story; He puts hand out for Delta

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              June 8, 2007 Friday

HEALTH HAPPENINGS

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Eastern Contra Costa; My Town

LENGTH: 1167 words


Announcement forms may be obtained by calling 925-779-7173 or e-mailing
shargis@cctimes.com .

ON GOING EVENTS

     ·    Hearing tests for seniors -- Seniors are eligible for a free full
          audiological exam or hearing aid evaluation. Also can receive up to a
          30 percent discount on hearing aids. Call 925-947-3300, 925-674-2586
          for details.



     ·    Home Chore Registry Program: East County -- A program for seniors who
          need to hire someone to help with day-to-day tasks. For more
          information about this program in East County call 925-439-1202.


UnitedHealthcare Children's Foundation -- California parents with children in
need of medical services or equipment not fully covered by health insurance can
apply for a grant up to $5,000. For information: http://www.uhccf.org .

Power wheel chairs available -- Miracle on Wheels makes available electric power
wheelchairs to non-ambulatory senior citizens, 65 years-and older, and the
permanently disabled of any age. For information and qualifications:
1-800-749-8778, http://www.jaspanmedical.com . BLOOD DRIVES

American Red Cross Blood Drives -- 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com to
schedule appointment. June 29, noon-5 p.m. Regal Cinema, 4200 Lone Tree Way,
Antioch. Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . Use code: DEER.

July 6, 1-7 p.m. Resurrection Ministries, 1275 Fairview Ave., Brentwood.
Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . SUTTER DELTA CENTER


     ·    Sutter Delta Medical Center offers the following health events, 3901
          Lone Tree Way, Antioch:


Women's Health Center Tours, 1:30 or 7:30 p.m. first and third Mondays monthly.
925-779-7230.

"Calling It Quits": Smoking Cessation, Do you want to kick the habit of smoking?
Classes are scheduled as needed. For information, call 925-779-3570. Grief
Support, Available for adults and children. Call 925-779-3570 for a schedule of
meetings.

Lactation Services, The Women's Health Center has lactation consultants with
services available for outpatient appointment. 925-779-7200, ext. 4206. Little
Helper Sibling Class, 6:30 p.m. June 13, July 11, Aug. 8. A one-session class to
help prepare children ages 3-8 for the new baby. Registration: 925-779-3570.

Quarterly Diabetic Workshop: Nutrition, 6:30 p.m. June 14; 12:30 p.m. June 15.
Network with others to find resources, friends and support. Free. Registration
925-779-3570. Keys to Living Well with Diabetes, 5-6:30 p.m. Begins Tuesday June
19. A four-part series of classes to help people gain a better understanding
about diabetes. Caregivers and spouses welcome. Registration: 925-779-3570.

Spousal Loss Support Group, 2:30-4 p.m. Thursday through June 21. Fallman
Education Center. Reservations: 925-779-3686. Parent-Infant Massage,
introductory session 7-8 p.m. June 26. Three-series class starts 6:30-8 p.m.
July 10. $50 per family. Registration: 925-779-3570.

Advanced Healthcare Directive: Who will speak for you -- 10-11:30 a.m. June 27.
This document will allow you to appoint someone to speak on your behalf in the
event of a medical emergency. Learn more about the document by attending this
free seminar. Free. Registration: 925-779-3686. Coping With Cardiac Risk
Factors, 6-8 p.m. June 27. Learn about high blood pressure, heart attack and
strokes and what you can do to prevent them. Free. Registration: 925-779-3686.

Get Tough on Angina, 10 a.m.-noon June 28. This class is designed to help those
who have been diagnosed with stable angina. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570.
JOHN MUIR MEDICAL CENTER, BRENTWOOD


     ·    Offers the following health events, 2400 Balfour Road, Brentwood:


New Parent Group, 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Lactation: First and third Mondays
facilitated by a board-certified lactation consultant. Other Mondays will be
focused topics and open discussion on various parenting issues. Registration:
925-941-7900, option 3, johnmuirhealth.com.

JOHN MUIR HEALTH & FITNESS INSTITUTE

     ·    Offers the following health events, 2231 Galaxy Court, Concord:


Body fat testing, provides body composition screening. Fee is $25-50. Contact:
925-798-9401 for appointment. One-on-one fitness evaluation, fee ranges from
$90-150. Contact: 925-798-9401 for appointment.

Personal exercise training prescription, receive a functional and realistic
exercise prescription by an experienced fitness specialist. Contact:
925-798-9401 for fees and information. JOHN MUIR WOMEN'S HEALTH CENTER


     ·    Offers the following health events, 1656 N. California Blvd., Walnut
          Creek:


Breast in the Best -- 10 a.m.-noon Wednesdays. This weekly drop in class is for
breast feeding mothers to come for basic education about general feeding,
supplementing, pumping and storing. Free. Reservations: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Osteoporosis Exercise, 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. For anyone who has been
diagnosed with osteoporosis. Free. Reservations: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com . Post Partum Depression/Anxiety Group, Get help
with excessive worries about yourself or your baby. Call 510-273-9548 for date,
times and registration.

First Mondays for Women, Connect with other women on the first Monday of each
month and make new friends. Guest speakers, professional and personal support.
$10 per evening. Times and registration: 925-941-7900. THE WELLNESS COMMUNITY


     ·    Offers the following health events, 3276 McNutt Avenue, Walnut Creek:


Kids Circle and Teen Talk: When Mom or Dad Has Cancer, 10 a.m.-1 p.m. June 9.
Smaller children participate in fun activities and teens have a group
discussion. Parents meet concurrently. Registration: 925-933-0107.

The Lebed Method: Focus on Healing through Exercise and Movement, 9:30-10:30
a.m. June 14-July 26. Total body exercise set to music that will help you regain
and maintain range of motion after surgery. Registration: 925-933-0107. The
"Pregnant Pause," 6-8 p.m. June 19. Come and allow yourself to de-stress and
release into the now. Soothing music, meditation and more. Registration:
925-933-0107.

African Drumming Circle, 4:30-5:30 p.m. June 21. Drumming has been shown to
boost immune system functions and metabolism. Registration: 925-933-0107.
Radiant Well-Being, 10 a.m.-12:30 p.m. June 23. A workshop for people who are
finished with cancer treatment and interested in discovering what the next step
is. Registration: 925-933-0107.

Bead Creative, 10 a.m.-noon June 30. Come and design your own jewelry using
stone, crystal and silver. Supplies provided. Registration: 925-933-0107. HEALTH
CLASSES


     ·    Health and Fitness Institute of John Muir -- 2231 Galaxy Court,
          Concord, 925-798-9401, offers the following classes:


CPR and First Aid: American Heart Association infant, child and adult CPR
certification available. Course covers breathing, airway obstruction and CPR.
Fee $55. 925-798-9401.

CPR for health care providers: American Heart Association basic life support for
health care providers. Certification course includes rescue breathing, airway
obstruction, one- and two-rescuer CPR and external defibrillator. Cost: $80 for
a two-year certification. For times, dates and registration 925-798-9401.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                      April 05, 2002 Friday, ALL EDITIONS

The Market

SECTION: BUSINESS; The Market; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 400 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER



Index gains

- Allmerica Financial Corp. led the list of gainers yesterday on the
T&G/Bloomberg Central Massachusetts Index of 33 companies with headquarters in
Central Massachusetts.

The index rose .59 to 106.90 on trading volume of 34.3 million shares.

Allmerica rose .74 to $44.94 per share. It was one of 16 gainers. The list of 10
decliners was led by Sepracor Inc. of Marlboro, which lost $1.26 to $16.98 per
share. Seven companies were unchanged.

Local

Losses widen

MARLBORO -- Media 100 Inc., which develops advanced media systems, saw its sales
decline and its losses widen during the first quarter that ended Feb. 28.

Revenue for the quarter was $4.5 million, the company said yesterday, compared
to $9.6 million during the same quarter a year earlier. The company reported a
net loss from continuing operations of $5.9 million, or 46 cents per share,
compared to a loss of $3.3 million, or $0.27 per share during the same quarter a
year ago.

The company said it expects sales to rise 40 percent to $6.3 million in its
upcoming quarter because of shipments of a new product.

Outreach grant

- The Massachusetts Delta Dental Foundation has awarded an $80,000 grant to the
University of Massachusetts Medical School to help fund the Central
Massachusetts Oral Health Initiative, a dental outreach program for the
uninsured. The money will be used to fund programs such as the Ronald McDonald
Care Mobile and those at the Great Brook Valley Health Center.

Grant for study

MARLBORO -- The Marlboro Regional Chamber of Commerce has received a $10,000
grant from the Ezra Cutting Foundation for its Core City Project. The money will
be used to study Marlboro's downtown and ways to improve it.

New office

- Fletcher, Tilton & Whipple, P.C., the oldest law firm in Worcester, has opened
an office in Framingham with the addition of the Framingham-based practice of
Faith V. Easter and Elbert Tuttle.

The office will be renamed Fletcher, Tilton & Whipple but will remain at 1290
Worcester Road, Framingham.

Ms. Easter specializes in commercial and residential real estate law, including
mortgage lending, and conveyance. Mr. Tuttle specializes in civil litigation,
mediation and arbitration. He was a judge in the Framingham District Court from
1973-1982 and a justice of the Massachusetts Superior Court from 1982-1992.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2002 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Mosman & Lower North Shore Daily (Australia)

                          September 15, 2011 Thursday
                             1 - Main Book Edition

Meals finally get new wheels

BYLINE: BOEL ERIKSSON

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 280  words


CROWS NEST: A non-profit community organisation in Crows Nest finally has its
very own car.

The Crows Nest Centre has up until now relied solely on volunteers using their
own cars when transporting clients and running services such as Meals On Wheels
and the linen service.

Centre management applied to norths to become one of 20 organisations to share
in $99,597 worth of grants. They received $3000, and put it towards their
savings for a car. ``We were very excited,'' the centre's executive officer,
Denise Ward said.

``Every dollar counts.''

The centre recently purchased a Toyota Corolla, which Ms Ward said would make a
big difference to the centre.

``The new vehicle means that we can reliably provide the services, particularly
on occasions when we are short of volunteers with cars. We can now meet the
gaps,'' she said.

North Sydney Leagues grants:

* DELTA Therapy Dogs, North Sydney funding will be used to recruit, assess and
train volunteers and their dogs in animal assisted activities and therapies. The
team visits aged care providers and Royal North Shore Hospital patients and adds
to the quality of life for people in aged care and long term hospital care

* Kelly's Place Children's Centre an additional shade sail for the playground

* Leukaemia Foundation Patient Transport Program provides courtesy transport to
and from medical appointments and treatment for people living with leukaemia,
lymphoma, myeloma, or related disorders. This funding will keep one car
operational for two days a week for one year. There are currently six North
Sydney patients using the service

__________________________

See the full list of 20 recipients and their projects at mosmandaily.com.au

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MOS


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             May 23, 2007 Wednesday

Oakley promised a health clinic

BYLINE: By Sandy Kleffman CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: MY TOWN; Eastern Contra Costa; Western Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 693 words


OAKLEY -- A community group pushing for a health clinic in Oakley won a promise
from the county and private hospitals this week to try to make it happen.

But many questions remain, including how much a clinic would cost, how it would
be financed and whether the coalition can agree on a plan.

Despite the uncertainties, the pledges won a standing ovation from more than 300
people who packed St. Anthony's Church on Monday night.

"Most of our youth group and the people in our parish don't have health
coverage, so they are waiting to the last minute to go to the (hospital) ER,"
said Lizette Suarez, who led the meeting sponsored by Contra Costa Interfaith
Supporting Community Organization.

The group is made up of 25 religious congregations representing 35,000 families.

Although the county has a health clinic in Brentwood, getting there can be
difficult for working families with one car, residents noted.

They also pointed out that Oakley has some of the county's highest death rates
from heart disease, cancer and stroke.

Among those pledging to work on bringing a clinic to town were Dr. William
Walker, director of Contra Costa Health Services, county Supervisor Federal
Glover, and representatives of the John Muir Community Health Alliance, Sutter
Delta Medical Center, Kaiser Permanente and La Clinica de La Raza.

The private hospitals are usually vigorous competitors. But it makes sense to
team up when caring for those who lack coverage, said Lynn Baskett, executive
director of the John Muir Community Health Alliance.

"None of us has the resources to take care of everyone who is uninsured," she
said.

The interfaith group released a report this week detailing the results of a
survey of 500 people who attend St. Anthony's Church.

Nearly 40 percent were uninsured, and two-thirds said they had never heard of
the Contra Costa Health Plan, which provides coverage for low-income residents.
The group called the plan "one of the county's best kept secrets."

Walker acknowledged that the county has not had the resources to do much
outreach. But that will soon change, he said, because the county has learned it
will receive a $15.3 million grant annually for the next three years to expand
the program.

At the interfaith group's urging, Walker also pledged he would try to extend the
enrollment period for the Contra Costa Health Plan from six months to a year.
Having to re-enroll every six months is a burden for many families, the group
said.

The promises came after residents spoke about the difficulty of seeking medical
care while uninsured.

Maria Suarez said she rushed her 3-year-old daughter to the hospital after she
hit her head. The doctor asked if she had insurance. When she told him no, the
doctor said her daughter didn't need any medical tests.

It turned out her daughter was fine, Suarez said, but "it was a risk. .... We
were very scared. She was vomiting."

Other residents told about having to wait until insured patients were seen
before they received treatment, or having no idea how to pay for needed care for
life-threatening conditions.

The interfaith group's survey found that 24 percent of respondents had a medical
condition for which they were not receiving treatment.

"We must be very clear that this issue is bigger than just Contra Costa County,"
Glover told the crowd.

Group members called on Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and state lawmakers to work
together to expand health care access for the uninsured. They also urged
Congress to reauthorize and strengthen the State Children's Health Insurance
Program.

Schwarzenegger has vowed to make health care reform a top priority this year.
His representative received a standing ovation from the crowd.

Rep. Ellen Tauscher, D-Alamo, and state Sen. Tom Torlakson, D-Antioch, also sent
staffers to the meeting.

But Assemblyman Guy Houston, R-Livermore, declined to attend or send a
representative. Group leaders had residents sign postcards to send to him
expressing their disappointment.

Suarez said Tuesday she realizes more work remains before a clinic becomes a
reality.

"We will have follow-up meetings with them," she said.

Reach Sandy Kleffman at 925-943-8249 or skleffman@cctimes.com .

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 4, 2014 Tuesday

The Journal Record Health Care Briefs: March 4, 2014

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 2087  words


Cherokee Nation expanding Stilwell health center STILLWELL - The Cherokee Nation
has started construction on a project that nearly doubles the size of the Wilma
P. Mankiller Health Center in Stilwell. Cherokee Nation Principal Chief Bill
John Baker said the tribe has allocated $100 million of its casino profits for
infrastructure that vastly expands the tribe's health care system. The tribe
opened the Wilma P. Mankiller Health Center in 1995. The existing
36,000-square-foot facility has 150 employees. The projected cost of
construction is $9 million and expected to take a year. The infrastructure
improvement plan includes new health centers in Jay and Ochelata, expansions in
Stilwell and Sallisaw, and a new hospital in Tahlequah. "This is what our
businesses were designed to do: improve the lives of Cherokee people," Baker
said. Cherokee Nation Construction Resources is managing the construction of the
health system expansion. Cherokee Nation operates the largest tribal health
system in the United States, which consists of eight health centers throughout
the Cherokee Nation and W.W. Hastings Hospital in Tahlequah.

St. Anthony Shawnee promotes Mohr SHAWNEE - Angi Mohr, chief nursing officer at
St. Anthony Shawnee Hospital, will be taking on the added role of chief
operating officer. Mohr's new job title will be executive vice president, COO
and chief nursing officer for St. Anthony Shawnee Hospital. Mohr graduated with
an associate degree in nursing in 1992 and completed her bachelor's degree in
nursing in 2002. In 2009, she graduated with from St. Gregory's University with
a master's degree in management. For the last three years, Mohr has served as
the CNO. She has been with the hospital for 22 years and has worked as an
emergency department staff nurse, emergency department director and assistant
vice president of nursing.

Norman Regional named Weather-Ready Ambassador NORMAN - Norman Regional Health
System has become a Weather-Ready Nation Ambassador with the National Ocean and
Atmospheric Administration. The Weather-Ready Nation Ambassador initiative is an
effort to formally recognize NOAA partners who are improving the nation's
readiness against extreme weather, water and climate events. As a Weather-Ready
Nation Ambassador, Norman Regional is committing to work with NOAA and other
ambassadors to strengthen national resilience against extreme weather.

New Hope receives state certification SAYRE - New Hope CDU, a residential and
outpatient substance abuse treatment program in Sayre and Mangum, has received a
three-year certification with special distinction from the Oklahoma Department
of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services. The programs receiving the
certification are adult residential treatment services, residential treatment
services for co-occurring disorders and outpatient services. The certification
with special distinction represents the highest level of certification by
ODMHSAS for the programs provided by New Hope. New Hope has been accredited by
CARF International for three years for adult residential, co-occurring
residential and outpatient substance abuse and behavioral health programs.

Dental plaque research reported NORMAN - When a University of Oklahoma
researcher and an international team of experts analyzed the dental calculus or
plaque from teeth preserved for 1,000 years, the results revealed human health
and dietary information never seen before. The team discovered disease-causing
bacteria in a German medieval population, which is the same or very similar to
inflammatory disease-causing bacteria in humans today - unlikely scientific
results given modern hygiene and dental health practices. Christina Warinner,
research associate in the Molecular Anthropologies Laboratories, OU College of
Arts and Sciences, assembled an international team to build a detailed picture
of people from the Medieval period by extracting DNA from samples of the dental
calculus. The samples were small, but dental calculus has a thousand times more
DNA than bone. Warinner and her team also looked at and analyzed the protein in
the samples for an even more detailed look. "Through protein sequencing, we can
reconstruct infection and immune processes," said Enrico Cappellini, a senior
researcher from the University of Copenhagen in Denmark. "It is like excavating
a battlefield archaeological site, just at a molecular scale. " Warinner's
research grew from the need for more health and dietary information, but now she
wants to know why the inflammatory disease-causing bacteria found in a Medieval
population also causes periodontal disease in 13 percent of humans today.
Warinner's research was initially considered high-risk because no one knew what,
if anything, would be preserved in dental calculus. The results were significant
and have contributed information on the long-term relationship between humans
and their resident microbes. A journal article on this research was published in
Nature Genetics.

Screening of documentary on obesity epidemic set TULSA - Oklahoma State
University-Tulsa will present a community screening of the first installment of
the HBO documentary The Weight of the Nation at 6 p.m. Thursday in the OSU-Tulsa
Auditorium. "Obesity has become a serious threat to the health of our nation and
it is important to facilitate community action to improve the health of our
community members," said Tracy Freudenthaler, health and human performance
instructor at OSU-Tulsa. "This documentary is a great springboard to prompt
participants to adopt active lifestyles for themselves and their families
through physical activity. " The four-part documentary examines the facts and
myths of the epidemic, showing how obesity affects the health of the nation and
the health care system. Before the documentary, participants will be introduced
to health and wellness resources at OSU-Tulsa. The Weight of the Nation is a
presentation of HBO and the Institute of Medicine, in association with the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institutes of
Health, and in partnership with the Michael & Susan Dell Foundation and Kaiser
Permanente.

Scifres, Cochrane join OU Physicians OKLAHOMA CITY - Aaron M. Scifres has
established his surgical practice with OU Physicians. He was also named a
clinical associate professor of surgery at the University of Oklahoma College of
Medicine. Scifres specializes in trauma surgery and surgical critical care. He
is board-certified in surgery and surgical critical care. He completed a
fellowship in surgical critical care at Barnes-Jewish Hospital/Washington
University in St. Louis. Scifres completed his general surgery residency at the
OU College of Medicine. He completed a research fellowship at the University of
Washington Children's Hospital and Regional Medical Center, Seattle. He earned
his medical degree at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine,
Chicago. Shawn W. Cochrane, a board-certified pediatrician, has established his
practice with OU Children's Physicians, part of OU Physicians. Cochrane comes to
OU Children's Physicians from Colorado, where he was a practicing pediatrician.
He completed his pediatrics residency at the University of Colorado School of
Medicine, Aurora. He earned his medical degree at the OU College of Medicine,
where he also earned a doctorate in cell biology. He earned his undergraduate
degree at OU in Norman.

OPHA sets annual conference NORMAN - Speakers at the Oklahoma Public Health
Association's 75th annual conference will include David Satcher, 16th surgeon
general of the United States. The conference is scheduled May 8-9 at the Embassy
Suites Hotel and Conference Center in Norman. For information, visit
www.opha.net.

Delta Dental makes contribution OKLAHOMA CITY - Delta Dental of Oklahoma has
joined with other member companies of the Delta Dental Plans Association to
contribute $400,000 to the America's Dentists Care Foundation to expand its
capability to help provide free dental care. The American Dentists Care
Foundation provides the portable dental equipment for free dental clinics across
the nation. A dental Mission of Mercy is a two-day, free dental event where
hundreds of local dental professionals volunteer to provide cleanings, fillings,
extractions and other services to adults and children in need in their
community. ADCF currently has three trailers, each containing the portable
equipment required to conduct a Mission of Mercy with 100 dental chairs. In some
locations, there is not enough space or volunteers to conduct a 100-unit clinic.
The $400,000 donation from Delta Dental member companies will be used to create
a 40-chair equipment trailer. At the 2014 Oklahoma Mission of Mercy on Feb. 7-8
in Enid, $1.3 million in dental care was provided for 1,465 patients. The
Oklahoma Mission of Mercy, which is co-produced by the Oklahoma Dental
Association, Oklahoma Dental Foundation and Delta Dental of Oklahoma Oral Health
Foundation, is held the first weekend of each February in a different city.

SWOSU delegation headed to Panama WEATHERFORD - Eighteen Southwestern Oklahoma
State University students and faculty members from the School of Nursing and
College of Pharmacy in Weatherford will head to Panama during March 15-23 as
part of a medical mission to help serve the people in a rural, isolated area of
the Darien Province. The SWOSU group is working on the mission through the
Global Brigades organization, a student-led global health and sustainable
development organization. Randy Curry, coordinator of the SWOSU College of
Pharmacy Rural Health Network, said the organization facilitates programs called
medical brigades in many parts of the world, including several rural Central
American areas of Panama, Nicaragua and Honduras and in the African country of
Ghana. The SWOSU Medical Brigade includes eight students and one faculty members
from the nursing program including: Bailey Bell, Weatherford; Bailey Spears,
Amber; Katherine Maynard, Mustang; Katrina Holsaeter, Edmond; Meagen Harrel, Elk
City; Micah Majors, Edmond; Mai Tran, Moore; Te'onna Adams, Sun City, Calif.;
and instructor Juliana Bell. One additional registered nurse will accompany the
group - Sarah Purdon of Cordell, who works at Great Plains Regional Medical
Center in Elk City. The six student pharmacists in the group include Samantha
Caudle, Stillwater; David Truong, Moore; Annette DeSantiago, Guymon; Ryan
Varghese, Mustang; Tara Schultz, Weatherford; and Kyrsten Smith, Ralston.
Pharmacy faculty members who are accompanying the group include Curry, associate
dean David Ralph and assistant professor Nina Morris. The SWOSU group will take
approximately $5,000 worth of medications, dental supplies and educational
materials for children. The students have raised a majority of the money in
addition to raising their own trip cost of approximately $1,700.

OMRF scientist receives $1.6 million OKLAHOMA CITY - The National Heart, Lung
and Blood Institute has awarded Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation scientist
Hong Chen a four-year, $1.6 million grant to study the role of epsins in the
development and progression of atherosclerosis. Chen's lab, working with
researchers at Yale and the University of San Diego La Jolla, will look for more
evidence that suppressing epsins can prevent or reverse atherosclerosis.
"Ultimately, the goal is to find new treatments for atherosclerosis, and we
think digging deep into the precise mechanisms of epsins will lead us to them,"
she said. Once researchers understand exactly how epsins initiate and propel the
growth of plaque, Chen said they'll be able to find treatments that target the
process without causing unintended consequences.

Institute uses implantable cardiac device OKLAHOMA CITY - Saints Heart &
Vascular Institute using the Reveal LINQ Insertable Cardiac Monitor System, the
smallest implantable cardiac monitoring device available. The first procedure
was performed by Pavel Riha, electrophysiologist. The Reveal LINQ ICM is
approximately one-third the size of an AAA battery. While significantly smaller,
the device is part of a system that allows physicians to continuously and
wirelessly monitor a patient's heart for up to three years, with 20 percent more
data memory than its larger predecessor, Reveal XT. The device is placed using a
minimally invasive insertion procedure.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           September 4, 2012 Tuesday

Positively Maine Noteworthy for Wednesday, Sept. 5, 2012

LENGTH: 570 words


Eastern Maine Healthcare Systems in Brewer announced that the TD Charitable
Foundation funded by TD Bank awarded the Youth Healthy Lifestyle Program a
$50,000 grant. The program was created in 2008 as a childhood obesity prevention
project. The grant will allow EMHS to provide resources and tools to children in
272 towns in Aroostook, Hancock, Kennebec, Piscataquis, Penobscot, Somerset and
Washington counties. For information about the Youth Healthy Lifestyle Program
and 5-2-1-0, visit emhs.org/5210.


â[#x20ac]¢â[#x20ac]¢â[#x20ac]¢


Eastern Maine Community College is holding a new and gently used book and
coloring book drive through Tuesday, Sept.18, to benefit Ann's House at 629 Main
St. in Bangor. Ann's House, a part of Manna Inc., provides a shelter for
homeless mothers with with children and helps them acquire skills needed to live
on their own in the community. Coinciding the drive will be a book talk and
reading given by Benda Sturgis, author of "10 Turkeys in the Road," at 9:30 a.m.
and 10:15 a.m. Tuesday, Sept. 18, in Katahdin Hall at EMCC 8-11a.m. Those who
wish to bring books to donate to Ann's House are invited to do so at the event.


â[#x20ac]¢â[#x20ac]¢â[#x20ac]¢


The Jackson Memorial Library in Tenants Harbor recently received a $450 grant
from the Rose and Samuel Rudman Library Trust of the Maine Community Foundation
to support programming for youth and adults. The grant will be used to enhance
the library's resources for beginning and emerging readers. There will be books,
games and a cooperative program as a result of the grant. For more information,
visit mainecf.org or call (877) 700-6800.


â[#x20ac]¢â[#x20ac]¢â[#x20ac]¢


Northeast Delta Dental Foundation in Saco awarded grants totaling more than
$72,000 to Maine oral health programs in the first half of 2012 to provide oral
health education and increase access to dental care. Grant recipients were
Biddeford Free Clinic; City of Portland Children's Oral Health Program; Downeast
Health Services, Ellsworth; Leavitt's Mill Free Health Center; Jessie Albert
Dental and Orthodontic Center and Oasis Dental Clinic, Bath; Maine Dental Access
Coalition; Maine Dental Association; Maine Oral Health Program; Oral Health
America's Smile Across America; St. Apollonia Dental Clinic, Presque Isle; and
The Root Cellar, Portland.


â[#x20ac]¢â[#x20ac]¢â[#x20ac]¢


BANGOR -- The Susan G. Komen Maine Race for the Cure Bangor affiliate and
survivor sponsor Hollywood Casino Hotel and Raceway will honor Jane Sawyer of
Brewer as Survivor of the Week. The Bangor Race will be held Sunday, Sept. 16,
on the Bangor Waterfront. To find out how to get involved with The Komen Maine
Race for the Cure visit komenmaine.org or call 262-7117. Hollywood Casino will
host a reception at 5:30 p.m. Thursday, Sept. 13, for survivors participating in
the race and their guests. Race participants who are survivors who wish to
attend must RSVP for the reception at komenmaine.org.


â[#x20ac]¢â[#x20ac]¢â[#x20ac]¢


Great Pond Mountain Conservation Trust will celebrate its 20th birthday in 2013
by issuing The Great Pond Mountain 2013 calendar which features dozens of photos
of the mountain and its flora and fauna, captured by local amateur and
professional photographers in all seasons. The cost of the calendar is $12.
Calendars are available at BookStacks in Bucksport, at the trust office in
Orland, or by mail order. To order a calendar, or for more information, call
Executive Director Cheri Domina at 469-7190, email info@greatpondtrust.org or
visit greatpondtrust.org.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Bangor Daily News


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 26, 1992, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

HELPING HAND COLUMN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 426 words


The St. Louis Society for Crippled Children is seeking volunteers to assist with
the 1992 Wheelchair Tennis Sectional Championship Tournament from 8:30 a.m. to 6
p.m. daily, May 1-3, at the Doubletree Hotel and Conference Center, 16625
Swingley Ridge Drive in Chesterfield. Information: 961-3434.  Venture Stores
Inc. has donated $5,000 to the St. Louis Easter Seal Society.  The donation
marked the beginning of a companywide benefit for the charity.  The Missouri
State Council of the Knights of Columbus has donated $10,000 to the Missouri
Bureau of Special Health Care Needs. The Center for Human Services in Sedalia
will use the money to provide transportation for medical visits.  The St. Louis
chapter of the American Heart Association will have its 1992 walk, ''Walk for
Heart - Steppin' to the Beat,'' at 9 a.m. May 16 at Northwest Plaza.
Registration will begin at 8 a.m. for the 3.5-mile walk. A T-shirt will be given
to people who collect at least $25 in pledges for the event.  Information:
367-3383.  Laumeier Sculpture Park is seeking volunteers to help with the
museum's front desk, the museum shop and with special events. People are needed
for shifts between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. daily. Among the museum's upcoming events
are the Contemporary Art and Craft fair, May 9-10. Information: 821-1209.  More
than $11,600 has been distributed to eight St. Louis area organizations that
provide services for people with AIDS. The money was raised in October during
the display in St. Louis of the AIDS Memorial Quilt. The money was distributed
equally among the following groups: St. Louis Effort for AIDS, Blacks Assisting
Blacks Against AIDS, Northside AIDS Outreach, Delta Mental Health, Madison
County AIDS Program, Bethany Place, Food Outreach and Doorways Interfaith AIDS
Residence.  The St. Louis College of Pharmacy has received a grant of $28,050
from the SmithKline Beecham Foundation Grant Awards for Pharmacy Schools to
integrate critical thinking into the pharmacy curriculum.  Students in the St.
Louis University School of Law raised more than $5,000 at their annual Charities
Committee Auctio n. Among the groups to get money from the event are: Summer
Fellowship Fund for law students at St. Louis University, $2,500; Lessie Bates
Neighborhood Home, $500; AIDS Foundation of St. Louis, $500; and Family Haven,
$500.  The Kmart Corp. and Builders Square have donated $64,947 to the Kmart for
Youth Work Force 2000 job training program at the University of Missouri at St.
Louis. Builders Square is a subsidiary of Kmart.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             March 14, 2005 Monday
                                 Idaho Edition

Local clinic, dentists try to ease area's pain;
Vouchers to provide low-cost dental treatment

BYLINE: Cynthia Taggart Staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 879 words


The patients who arrive at the Dirne Community Health Clinic moaning and
clutching their jaws in pain frustrate Dr. Leanne Rousseau.

"We probably see 10 to 12 people a month with screaming dental pain," says
Rousseau, medical director at the clinic, which treats the area's uninsured.
"And that doesn't count the low-level problems. It's appalling."

As a nurse in Kootenai Medical Center's emergency room, Beth Clemens sees at
least a handful of people with traumatic tooth pain every day she works.

"Dental health in this community is abysmal," Clemens says.

It's aggravating to both women that they can do little to help poor and
uninsured people with tooth pain. Neither facility offers dental care, so both
refer patients to the Community Health Association of Spokane (CHAS) or to
Benewah Medical and Wellness Center in Plummer, Idaho.

But the Dirne Clinic is working to change that situation. It has the equipment
to open two dental examination rooms when it has the room and proper wiring.
Until then, clinic trustee Tom Smart, a Coeur d'Alene dentist, has found a dozen
or more dentists willing to accept patients with vouchers from the clinic for
low-cost dental treatment.

Patients with clinic vouchers will pay $25 to visit a dentist in the program.
The clinic also will pay $25 per patient to help cover dentists' costs for
supplies and staffing. Dentists will donate other costs.

Joel Hughes, Dirne's executive director, says he expects most vouchers to go to
patients with dental emergencies.

"Dentists are expensive, and there's a national shortage," Hughes says.
"Preferably, we'll do things they can handle in a single visit. We're trying to
start that in the next 30 days."

The Idaho Panhandle has too few dentists for families living within 200 percent
of the poverty rate, according to the state's Office of Rural Health. Ninety-two
general dentists and 17 specialists work in North Idaho, with most of them in
Kootenai County. That's also where the greatest concentration - 34,505 - of
people with low incomes lives.

The dentist-shortage designation for North Idaho means too few dentists in the
area accept Medicaid or offer sliding fees based on income, says Lisa Rowen,
primary-care program manager for the Office of Rural Health. It doesn't help
that many of the state's dentists are aging into retirement and replacements are
few.

"National enrollment in dental schools is declining. Dentists are retiring
faster than they're graduating from school," Rowen says. "And Idaho is at a
disadvantage because it has no dental school."

Compounding the problem of the dentist shortage is the high number of Idaho
residents without dental insurance. Delta Dental, which provides dental
insurance for most of Idaho's work force, figures only about 39 percent of the
state's population has some form of dental insurance, says Tami Brandstetter,
Delta's chief executive officer.

That means about 60 percent has no dental insurance and few options for
expensive tooth care.

"As bad as the medical need is in this area, the dental need is exponentially
worse," Rousseau says. "This has been a burr in my side since the (Dirne) clinic
opened."

A federal grant the Dirne clinic received a year ago requires the clinic to
offer dental care at some point. Smart, a clinic board member and president of
the Panhandle Dental Society, asked other dentists for donations of equipment
and time to help North Idaho alleviate some of its dental pain.

"I've been getting equipment donations from dentists, and I've been stockpiling
it until I can get it analyzed," Smart says. "We're getting close to being able
to piece together a working treatment facility at the clinic."

A mobile clinic that travels throughout the five North Idaho counties receives
more demand for dental than medical care, clinic coordinators say. Hygienists
work in the mobile clinic and see a steady stream of patients.

Smart says it's a start but not nearly enough.

The dentists he and Rousseau have found to accept Dirne's vouchers are willing
to offer clinic patients from one visit to 12 visits per month. Smart says
dentists most likely will extract teeth and possibly perform root canals.

"Triage, basically," Smart says. "It's a little tricky because it can transition
into major dental work."

Dentists have donated four dental chairs, compressors, X-ray machines, hand
tools and stools to Dirne. The rooms that will house the equipment need special
wiring and plumbing, Hughes says. Those jobs, plus installation of the
equipment, will cost money the clinic doesn't have now.

"A new operatory with everything probably will cost $30,000 to $40,000 a unit,"
Hughes says. "It takes a lot of money to get a program started."

Dirne also is trying to find money to hire a dentist. Hughes says he expects the
job to appeal to dentists fresh out of school and starting their careers, but he
knows that group is thinning.

In the meantime, Dirne and at least half of North Idaho's population are
counting on the good will of the area's working dentists to raise more smiles
from Panhandle residents' mouths.

"There's a crisis in the health-care industry, and it's not a Dirne problem -
it's a community problem," Hughes says. "People think we have a grant and we can
solve it. We can only chip away at it."

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Cynthia Taggart can be reached at (208) 765-7128 or by e-mail at
cynthiat@spokesman.com.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Independent (Lagos)

                            January 1, 2011 Saturday

Agbami Partners Donates Chest Clinics

BYLINE: Yinka Shokunbi

LENGTH: 482  words


A group of five oil companies under the auspices of Agbami Partners have
completed the installation of specialized facilities for treatment of various
forms of chest infections in some public hospitals across five States of the
country which are ready for commissioning soon.

The boost to health care delivery in the country was carried out by the partners
comprising Star Deepwater Petroleum Limited (A Chevron Company and operator of
the Agbami field), Famfa Oil Limited; Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation;
Statoil Nigeria Limited; and Petroleo Brasileiro Nigeria Limited (Petrobras).

In a release signed by Chevron's General Manager, Policy, Government and Public
Affairs Mr. A.O. Odumabo, already, facilities donated to the Tuberculosis and
Leprosy Referral Centre, Eku, Delta State and the State Specialist Hospital,
Akure, Ondo State by the group have been commissioned.

The Agbami partners have also implemented and are donating Chest Clinics in
hospitals across the country as part of its intervention in the health sector to
bridge identified existing gaps in medical services delivery in the country.

The Five new chest clinic projects that have been completed at Alimosho General
Hospital, Igando, Lagos State; Chest Clinic, Auchi, Edo State,;Chest Clinic,
Orlu, Imo State; Chest Clinic, Uyo, Akwa-Ibom State; and Chest Clinic, Minna,
Niger State are due for commissioning in January.

According to Odumabo, the donation of the chest clinics was as a result of the
World Health Organization (WHO) statistics showing that the annual incidence of
tuberculosis in Nigeria is estimated at about 300,000, "with tuberculosis and
other chest infections account for an astounding 70,000 preventable deaths in
Nigerian communities due to the lack of viable observation centers and
equipment".

At the recent commissioning and hand-over of the chest clinic to the Specialist
Hospital, Akure, Ondo state, Governor Olusegun Mimiko, expressed delight at the
initiative of the Agbami partners in collaborating with government to build a
modern and fully equipped clinic that would address the scourge of tuberculosis
and other related chest diseases. The chest clinic consisted of a
laboratory/x-ray room, a pharmacy, treatment, nursing, and consulting rooms.

The Agbami partners are also donating one science laboratory per state to
selected schools to booster science education in the country and have
implemented several awareness programs on HIV/AIDS, Malaria and other diseases
in several communities across the six geo-political zones in the country.

A specialized educational scholarship programs in support of health manpower
development in Nigeria through targeted support for medical, nursing, laboratory
sciences and engineering students is also being implemented.

Agbami is Nigeria's largest deepwater acreage with 900 million barrels of proven
reserves and peak production of 250,000 bopd.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             March 23, 2007 Friday

HEALTH HAPPENINGS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 1186 words


Announcement forms may be obtained by calling 925-779-7173 or e-mailing
shargis@cctimes.com.

EVENTS

Depression Management, Kaiser Permanente is offering classes at its Antioch/
Delta Fair offices for people who want to manage their depression. Participants
will learn to recognize the signs of depression, which is more than moodiness or
occasional sadness. They also will practice simple relaxation techniques. There
will be a fee for non members. For information on dates and time call,
925-779-5147.

UnitedHealthcare Children's Foundation -- California parents with children in
need of medical services or equipment not fully covered by health insurance can
apply for a grant up to $5,000. For information: www.uhccf.org.

Power wheel chairs available -- Miracle on Wheels makes available electric power
wheelchairs to non-ambulatory senior citizens, 65 years-and older, and the
permanently disabled of any age. For information and qualifications:
1-800-749-8778, www.jaspanmedical.com.

American Red Cross Blood Drives -- 800-448-3543 or www.beadonor.com. to schedule
appointment.

March 23, Noon-6 p.m. 2586 Willow Pass Road, Bay Point. Appointments:
800-448-3543 or www.beadonor.com.

March 26, 1-6 p.m. Church of Christ, 1020 E. Tregallas Road, Antioch.
Appointments: 800-448-3543 or www.beadonor.com.

April 12, 9 a.m.-2 p.m. City of Pittsburg, 65 Civic Ave. Appointments:
925-252-6948 or www.beadonor.com. Code: COP.

May 25, 1-7 p.m. Resurrection Ministries, 1275 Fairview Ave., Brentwood.
Appointments: 800-448-3543 or www.beadonor.com.

Sutter Delta Medical Center -- 3901 Lone Tree Way, Antioch, offers the following
health events:

Advance Health Care Directives, 10-11:30 a.m. March 28. Informational seminar on
health care directive. Registration: 925-779-3570.

Employment and Disability Rights, 6-8 p.m. March 29. Disability information for
cancer patients Registration: 925-779-3570.

Diabetes Workshop, 6-7 p.m. March 29. Registration: 925-779-3570.

ABCs of Congestive Heart Failure, 10 a.m.-noon April 3 and 10. Living well with
congestive heart failure. Registration: 925-779-3570.

Maternity tours, 11 a.m.-7:30 p.m. first and third Mondays monthly. Contact:
925-779-7230.

The Wellness Community -- 3276 McNutt Avenue, Walnut Creek, offers the following
health events:

Stress Reduction Through Guided Imagery, 10 a.m.-noon March 24. A workshop to
help cancer patients and their caregivers focus and relax the mind and body for
relief from negative emotional states. Free. Reservations: 925-933-0107.

Cultivating Forgiveness, 2-5 p.m. March 31. Explore various aspects of
forgiveness, its meaning , the myths surrounding it, the research regarding
health benefits and how to practice and cultivate it. Free. Reservations:
925-933-0107.

Newly Diagnosed Breast Cancer Workshop, 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Tuesday, April 3, through
July 17. This series will help address the emotional and physical issues that
surface after diagnosis. Free. Reservations: 925-933-0107.

Nutrition and Cancer Treatment, 10 a.m.-1 p.m. April 7. Learn to maximize your
nutrition during and after cancer treatment. Free. Reservations: 925-933-0107.

Introduction to Acupuncture and Chinese Medicine, 6-8 p.m. April 10. A method to
help balance emotions, relieve pain and more. For cancer patients, their
families and friends. Free. Reservations: 925-933-0107.

Mindful Chi Kung, 3:30-5 p.m. April 12. Experience this ancient practice to be
aware of your body, increase your energy and help your body and mind stay
healthy. Free. Reservations: 925-933-0107.

Kids Circle and Teen Talk, 10 a.m.-1 p.m. April 14. School-age children can
participate in fun, creative activities to help them express themselves while
teens have a group discussion about their concerns. Parents meet concurrently.
Free. Reservations: 925-933-0107.

African Drumming Circle, 5:30-6:30 p.m. April 19. Drumming has been shown to
boost immune system functions and metabolism. No rhythmic or musical ability
required. For cancer patients, their families and friends. Free. Reservations:
925-933-0107.

John Muir Medical Center, Brentwood Campus -- 2400 Balfour Road, Brentwood.
925-674-2586 offers the following health events:

Childbirth classes, Breastfeeding: 6:30-8:30 p.m. April 18, $50 per couple.
Preparing for Childbirth: 6:30-9:30 p.m. April 23 and 30, $175 per couple. Care
of the Newborn: 6:30-8:30 p.m. April 25. $50 per couple. Registration:
925-941-7900, option 3, johnmuirhealth.com.

New Parent Group, 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Lactation: First and third Mondays
facilitated by a board certified lactation consultant. Other Mondays will be
focused topics and open discussion on various parenting issues. Registration:
925-941-7900, option 3, johnmuirhealth.com.

Advance Health Care Directives, 10 a.m.-noon April 18. Clarify your choices in
advance should you become unable to make your own health decisions. Free.
Registration: 925-674-2586.

John Muir Health and Fitness Institute -- 2231 Galaxy Court, Concord,
925-798-9401 offers the following health events:

Body fat testing, provides body composition screening. Fee is $25-50. Contact:
925-798-9401 for appointment.

One-on-one fitness evaluation, Fee ranges from $90-150. Contact: 925-798-9401
for appointment.

Personal exercise training prescription , receive a functional and realistic
exercise prescription by an experienced fitness specialist. Contact:
925-798-9401 for fees and information.

John Muir Women's Health Center -- 1656 N. California Blvd., Walnut Creek,
offers the following health events:

Itsy-Bitsy/Roly-Poly Playgroup, March 20-April 24. A five week series designed
specifically for mothers and their new babies from birth-6 months. Share your
thoughts in a safe, nurturing atmosphere and form lasting friendships. $80.
Registration: 925-941-7900 or www.johnmuirhealth.com.

What Woman Need To Know About Sleep Disorders, 6:30-8 p.m. March 28. Free.
Reservations: 925-941-7900 or www.johnmuirhealth.com.

What Woman Need To Know About Abnormal Bleeding, 6:30-8 p.m. April 4. Free.
Reservations: 925-941-7900 or www.johnmuirhealth.com.

Breast in the Best -- 10 a.m.-noon Wednesdays. This weekly drop in class is for
breast feeding mothers to come for basic education about general feeding,
supplementing, pumping and storing. Free. Reservations: 925-941-7900 or
www.johnmuirhealth.com.

Osteoporosis Exercise, 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. For anyone who has been
diagnosed with osteoporosis. Learn general information, exercise techniques and
precautions. Free. Reservations: 925-941-7900 or www.johnmuirhealth.com.

HEALTH CLASSES

Health and Fitness Institute of John Muir -- 2231 Galaxy Court, Concord,
925-798-9401, offers the following classes:

CPR and First Aid: American Heart Association infant, child and adult CPR
certification available. Course covers breathing, airway obstruction and CPR.
Fee $55. 925-798-9401.

CPR for health care providers: American Heart Association basic life support for
health care providers. Certification course includes rescue breathing, airway
obstruction, one- and two-rescuer CPR and external defibrillator. Cost: $80 for
a two-year certification. For times, dates and registration 925-798-9401.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 20, 2004 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

DIFFICULT CHOICES AT AIRLINE UNIONS

BYLINE: By MICHELINE MAYNARD; Eric L. Dash contributed reporting for this
article.

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1698 words


Leonard Robinson, who put in 30 years as a mechanic at Pan American World
Airways, has a message for his counterparts at US Airways, Delta, United and
other struggling airlines pressing their workers for concessions: do not wait
until it is too late.

''Negotiate. Just negotiate,'' Mr. Robinson said. Pan Am had more than 26,000
workers in its last full year of operation in 1990. All those jobs were lost
when the carrier shut down on Dec. 1, 1991. ''They should give up something'' if
it will save their jobs, Mr. Robinson, 74, from Brooklyn, said.

But David Garriga, who was laid off in 2001, after Trans World Airlines went
bankrupt and was absorbed by American, said he did not regret fighting the
constant rounds of concessions that T.W.A. management sought. Even though he has
not worked since, he said the unions had no other choice. ''It got to the point
where we said, 'We're not going to give back and take away any more,''' said Mr.
Garriga, 53, of Valley Stream, N.Y.

Therein lies the conundrum that union workers at the major airlines face, none
more so than those at US Airways, which filed for bankruptcy protection for a
second time on Sept. 12, after its employees refused to grant $800 million in
wage and benefit cuts, the third round of cuts sought by the company. Including
US Airways, along with United Airlines, which has been in bankruptcy since
December 2002, and Delta Air Lines, which is threatening to seek court
protection, more than 100,000 airline workers face uncertainty about their
futures. If all three companies fail, which analysts say is unlikely, that would
wipe out more jobs than the 110,000 lost after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.

If the employees give in, as Mr. Robinson counseled, they may see their jobs
vanish anyway. But once those jobs went, they might never find anything, like
Mr. Garriga, and surely never the kinds of jobs they once held, for the industry
has fundamentally changed.

The recent bankruptcies at US Airways and United demonstrate that companies can
face financial distress even when workers cooperate, strengthening the resolve
of today's labor groups to resist further cuts.

Even so, the previous generation's hard-line stance is understandable because
airline jobs were once considered tickets to an enviable lifestyle, more flush
in some ways than than middle-class families could otherwise enjoy. ''People
used to say, 'you'll never be a millionaire, but you'll live like one,''' said
Peter Cappelli, a management professor at the Wharton School of the University
of Pennsylvania.

That was true for Mr. Robinson and other members of the Pan Am Retirees
Association, who held a quarterly meeting last week at a hotel near Kennedy
Airport, where many of them once worked.

Standing near a table with flight bags in Pan Am's distinctive turquoise blue
and bumper stickers reading, ''Gone But Not Forgotten,'' Mitchell Jensen, 72, a
retired ramp worker from Staten Island, recounted how he saw the world for
peanuts as one of the perks of his job.

Years ago, on the way to India, he sat next to a schoolteacher who boasted of
paying only $837 to fly from New York, round-trip. ''Can you imagine getting
such a good deal?'' the woman asked him. Mr. Jensen could: his ticket had cost
only the $13 service fee.

But those days are gone, as are his health care benefits. So is the company
stock he received, in lieu of raises during the airline's final 11 years.

All Mr. Jensen has left is a pension of $832.78 a month, administered by the
federal Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, which took over the airline's
retirement plan when Pan Am went under.

Bobby Hall, who is in his mid-50's and spent 33 years repairing planes for
T.W.A., was not as lucky. He lost his job on Oct. 6, 2001, when American, which
assumed T.W.A.'s assets in bankruptcy, laid off thousands of workers. He has not
found work since. ''The airline field is basically dead right now,'' said Mr.
Hall, of Oceanside, N.Y.

If US Airways could not survive, it would throw 28,000 more workers, many of
them in New York, Philadelphia and Washington, into markets already crowded with
former airline employees. The group includes 5,600 flight attendants, 4,800
maintenance workers and 3,200 pilots.

Some of the earlier crop of airline refugees have joined other companies,
including JetBlue, which has hired about 7,000 people since it began flying four
years ago. Only about half the JetBlue work force has previous airline
experience, however, and most of them are pilots and mechanics with specific job
skills.

That is usually the way airline employees end up, said Professor Cappelli, who
has been following the industry since it was deregulated in 1978. ''If you're a
pilot, you end up as a pilot, although you might bump around a little'' from
corporate jobs to flying charters or working for delivery companies like FedEx
and United Parcel Service, he said.

Likewise, mechanics young enough to be retrained can sometimes find work in
other businesses. But gate agents, flight attendants and baggage workers, whose
skills are unique to the airline industry, often are forced to take a step down.

For some former employees, joining JetBlue, which does not have unions, means
losing years of seniority at their old companies, said Vincent Stabile,
JetBlue's vice president for human resources.

''Seniority is so important to them, because it gives you quality of life
control,'' Mr. Stabile said. ''It is a tough, emotional thing for them to do
without.''

David G. Neeleman, JetBlue's chief executive, said he preferred to have a mix of
longtime airline employees and people who were fresh to the industry. ''We never
have had any problem hiring them from any other airline,'' Mr. Neeleman said on
Friday, including Pan Am, T.W.A., as well as American, United and Delta.

''What's important to us,'' Mr. Neeleman said, ''is whether they have a good
attitude.''

Some employees are grateful for the jobs. Though he works the night shift at
J.F.K., Anthony Alexander, 30, showed up at La Guardia Airport on Friday morning
for a balloon-strewn ceremony for the start of JetBlue service there.

Laid off by Midway when it halted service last year, Mr. Alexander earns $12.20
an hour as a lead ramp worker at JetBlue. That is $2.20 an hour more than he
made at Midway. Despite the lack of union protection or a traditional pension --
JetBlue workers have 401(k) plans -- ''I'll be there unless they kick me out,''
he said.

Former Pan Am workers know that feeling. News that the airline was ceasing
operations ''was like a shock to my body,'' said Hope Laredo of Queens, who
declined to give her age. Ms. Laredo spent 36 years in the accounts department
before she lost her job in 1991. She wound up at the company that made Pan Am's
uniforms before retiring a year later.

Tony Miranda, 36, saw two airlines disappear -- T.W.A., where he spent 13 years
as a mechanic, and Eastern, where he spent three years as an aircraft painter.
He now overhauls planes at Mid-Coast Aviation, a company that services business
jets. There, he said, he earns 45 percent less than at T.W.A., with lesser
benefits.

Luckily, he said, his wife has a good job with health care coverage, but there
is no chance of expensive colleges for his 16-year-old son. ''I told him
straight up, unless he gets a scholarship, don't even think about a private
college,'' Mr. Miranda said. Before, ''I said the sky was the limit.''

But with more than 110,000 workers laid off by the major airlines after the
September 2001 terrorist attacks, on top of the thousands who lost their jobs at
the vanished airlines, Mr. Miranda, who lives in St. Louis, said he is lucky to
still be in the business.

''I know pilots making change at the casino, mechanics making pizza and flight
attendants who are now waitresses. I know a lot of guys who have just given
up,'' Mr. Miranda said. ''They don't event want to touch an airline now.''

Mike Carr, 41, of Hanover Park, Ill., is still at United, where he has spent 18
years as a mechanic. But in the last year, he had to take the overnight shift.
He pays $180 a month for medical benefits, which used to be fully paid, and his
unit has shrunk to about 650 mechanics from 1,200 before 9/11.

United, the unit of UAL that has been operating under bankruptcy protection
since December 2002, is warning workers that more jobs will be cut, and it is
expected to seek more concessions on top of the $2.5 billion a year in cuts won
last year.

Mr. Carr, however, is skeptical about giving more. ''Nobody minds making the
changes if you think it is going to be worth it,'' he said.

But United does not seem to have a strategy ''except cutting workers,'' Mr. Carr
said. ''Morale is very low.''

Such experiences not only scare away workers on the front line, but deter
managers from considering the industry, Professor Cappelli said. ''It's not
clear any more if this industry is going to get the best and brightest. I don't
hear any of my M.B.A.'s saying, 'I want to go to work at an airline,''' he said.

Still, the former airline workers have sympathy for their counterparts at US
Airways, whose chairman, David G. Bronner, warned in August that the airline
would probably liquidate if it sought bankruptcy protection, because it was
unlikely new investors could be found.

''I would imagine they are scared and are in the dark, just as the Pan Am
employees were,'' said Nick Lacetera, 53, the former president of the Pan Am
credit union who is now in charge of the financial institution that acquired its
assets.

Hearing that US Airways' pilots rejected an effort to vote on concessions
''brought back a whole bunch of memories,'' added Mr. Garriga, the former T.W.A.
mechanic. Constantly under threat from management for more givebacks, he said,
workers felt, ''regardless of whether we close the company, this has got to
stop.'' But such a stance would not serve workers at US Airways, Delta and other
airlines well, Mr. Lacetera said. ''The reality is that they are going to have
to bite the bullet and do what is necessary to survive,'' he said. ''A half of a
loaf is better than none.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Nick Lacetera, former president of the Pan Am credit union, says
airline workers must do whatever they can to keep their jobs. At left, a bumper
sticker recalls the airline, which shut down in 1991. (Photo by Phil Marino for
The New York Times)(pg. A18)Chart: ''No Longer Flying''Since deregulation of the
airline industry in 1978, several big airlines have gone out of business,
costing tens of thousands of employees their jobs.BraniffYEAR CEASED FLYING:
1982EMPLOYEES, FULL- AND PART-TIME*: 10,695EasternYEAR CEASED FLYING:
1991EMPLOYEES, FULL- AND PART-TIME*: 21,205Pan AmericanYEAR CEASED FLYING:
1991EMPLOYEES, FULL- AND PART-TIME*: 26,806T.W.A.+YEAR CEASED FLYING:
2001EMPLOYEES, FULL- AND PART-TIME*: 13,721*Number for the last full year in
which each airline operated.+Most of it was sold to American Airlines.(Source by
Bureau of Transportation Statistics)(pg. A18)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              July 2, 2010 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Bulletin Board

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 533 words

DATELINE: 0


AWARDS

Alliance Credit Union, based in Fenton, received the Small Business
Administration Eastern District's Top Credit Union Lender Award for the fiscal
year 2009.

St. John's Mercy Medical Center won the Employer Award from APSE, a national
organization focused on employment and career advancement opportunities for
people with disabilities.

Expanding

On Monday, Sprint rolled out 4G wireless service in the St. Louis area. Sprint
touts the higher speed that the service offers, saying it delivers downlink
speeds that are up to 10 times faster than 3G service offered by any national
wireless carrier. Sprint's subsidiary, Clearwire, also has launched 4G wireless
broadband service in the area.

HELPING OUT

The Tri-County Division of United Way named John Antes, president of
Barnes-Jewish St. Peters Hospital and Progress West HealthCare Center, as its
2010 fundraising campaign chairman.

First Bank, Slay Industries, Arch Coal Foundation, Ameren, East Side River
Transportation, Peabody Energy, and Edward Jones were sponsors for a recent St.
Louis for Kids fundraiser that raised more than $123,000.

Emerson, Accenture, Centene, Hardee's and Save-A-Lot were principal sponsors of
the annual Charity Golf Classic that recently raised $81,000 for the St. Louis
Crisis Nursery.

Delta Dental of Missouri, Young Dental Manufacturing, Olson & White
Orthodontics, Ray and Jan Storm, Shanker, Shanker and Schlueter Orthodontics and
Henry Schein Dental sponsored a Give Kids a Smile Golf Tournament that raised
$19,000.

Boeing Co. recently awarded $50,000 in grants to 10 arts and arts education
programs in the St. Louis area, and the Monsanto Fund awarded $16,000 in grants
to seven area arts and arts education programs.

ON THE WEB

Global Therapy Group launched a new website at www.globaltherapygroup.org

OPENINGS

Steve Hunter and Mike Pratt started Facility Planning Inc., which provides
advisory services in building design, project development and construction
management. For more, e-mail mike@facility-planning.com or
steve@facility-planning.com

Golden Corral is opening a new restaurant on Tuesday.

- 6110 South Lindbergh Boulevard

Green Park, Mo. 63123

314-416-9991

W.A.C. Industries opened a sheltered workshop for the disabled.

- 9727 Green Park Industrial Drive

Green Park, Mo. 63123

314-487-7200

PROJECTS

Paric Corp. completed the $4.5 million BaratHaven Alzheimer's Center in Dardenne
Prairie more than a month ahead of schedule and under budget. The project for
O'Fallon Care Group LLC included construction of a 31,396-square-foot,
single-story Alzheimer's special care building.

Clayco Inc. was named design-builder on a new 70,000-square-foot engineering
research building for Washington University. To be named Preston M. Green Hall,
the four-story building will connect to the recently completed Brauer Hall. The
architect is RMJM.

Alberici Constructors Inc. is the construction manager for a $55 million soybean
seed production facility in New Madrid, Mo., for DuPont business Pioneer
Hi-Bred. The plant is expected to open late in 2011 and employ about 50 people.

RECOGNITION

Sandler Training/Stark & Associates, based in Creve Coeur, got a Pinnacle Award
from Sandler Training for outstanding performance.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              July 2, 2010 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

bulletin Board

BYLINE: |||

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 533 words

DATELINE: 0


AWARDS

Alliance Credit Union, based in Fenton, received the Small Business
Administration Eastern District's Top Credit Union Lender Award for the fiscal
year 2009.

St. John's Mercy Medical Center won the Employer Award from APSE, a national
organization focused on employment and career advancement opportunities for
people with disabilities.

Expanding

On Monday, Sprint rolled out 4G wireless service in the St. Louis area. Sprint
touts the higher speed that the service offers, saying it delivers downlink
speeds that are up to 10 times faster than 3G service offered by any national
wireless carrier. Sprint's subsidiary, Clearwire, also has launched 4G wireless
broadband service in the area.

HELPING OUT

The Tri-County Division of United Way named John Antes, president of
Barnes-Jewish St. Peters Hospital and Progress West HealthCare Center, as its
2010 fundraising campaign chairman.

First Bank, Slay Industries, Arch Coal Foundation, Ameren, East Side River
Transportation, Peabody Energy, and Edward Jones were sponsors for a recent St.
Louis for Kids fundraiser that raised more than $123,000.

Emerson, Accenture, Centene, Hardee's and Save-A-Lot were principal sponsors of
the annual Charity Golf Classic that recently raised $81,000 for the St. Louis
Crisis Nursery.

Delta Dental of Missouri, Young Dental Manufacturing, Olson & White
Orthodontics, Ray and Jan Storm, Shanker, Shanker and Schlueter Orthodontics and
Henry Schein Dental sponsored a Give Kids a Smile Golf Tournament that raised
$19,000.

Boeing Co. recently awarded $50,000 in grants to 10 arts and arts education
programs in the St. Louis area, and the Monsanto Fund awarded $16,000 in grants
to seven area arts and arts education programs.

ON THE WEB

Global Therapy Group launched a new website at www.globaltherapygroup.org

OPENINGS

Steve Hunter and Mike Pratt started Facility Planning Inc., which provides
advisory services in building design, project development and construction
management. For more, e-mail mike@facility-planning.com or
steve@facility-planning.com

Golden Corral is opening a new restaurant on Tuesday.

- 6110 South Lindbergh Boulevard

Green Park, Mo. 63123

314-416-9991

W.A.C. Industries opened a sheltered workshop for the disabled.

- 9727 Green Park Industrial Drive

Green Park, Mo. 63123

314-487-7200

PROJECTS

Paric Corp. completed the $4.5 million BaratHaven Alzheimer's Center in Dardenne
Prairie more than a month ahead of schedule and under budget. The project for
O'Fallon Care Group LLC included construction of a 31,396-square-foot,
single-story Alzheimer's special care building.

Clayco Inc. was named design-builder on a new 70,000-square-foot engineering
research building for Washington University. To be named Preston M. Green Hall,
the four-story building will connect to the recently completed Brauer Hall. The
architect is RMJM.

Alberici Constructors Inc. is the construction manager for a $55 million soybean
seed production facility in New Madrid, Mo., for DuPont business Pioneer
Hi-Bred. The plant is expected to open late in 2011 and employ about 50 people.

RECOGNITION

Sandler Training/Stark & Associates, based in Creve Coeur, got a Pinnacle Award
from Sandler Training for outstanding performance.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  for the fiscal year 2009.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           February 14, 2012 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Albert E. Low, engineer, retired business owner;
June 22, 1923 -- Feb. 10, 2012

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 407 words


Albert E. "Bud" Low, an engineer and businessman who was known for his devotion
to helping young scholars, will be remembered at a memorial service Saturday.

Mr. Low, the retired former owner of Swan Industrial Sales of Buffalo, died
Friday in Oakwood Health Care Facility, Amherst, after a long illness. He was
88.

The Amherst resident was active for more than five decades with the Buffalo
Scalp & Blade, a men's organization that raises money for scholarships for local
high school seniors. He was also active for many years with the Buffalo Squash
Racquets Association, where he was a former president.

Known for his skills as a public speaker, Mr. Low took delight in handing out
awards and scholarships to young people.

For 55 straight years, he proudly handed the Scalp & Blade's annual track trophy
to the top track team from the Buffalo public high schools.

"He was a real character who had a zillion friends and could always come up with
a story or a saying that was perfect for any event," recalled his son-in-law
David Farmelo.

Born in Buffalo and educated in Buffalo public schools, Mr. Low graduated from
Lafayette High School, where he won the Scalp & Blade's scholarship in 1940. He
then went to the University of Michigan, where he competed on the track team,
joined Theta Delta Chi fraternity and earned his undergraduate degree in
engineering.

He then spent two years as a junior assistant engineer with the U.S. Public
Health Service before getting a graduate degree in civil engineering from
Michigan. After that, he worked engineering jobs in Pennsylvania and Chicago
before resettling in Buffalo in 1950.

He worked for the City of Buffalo Division of Safety, Buffalo Tank Corp., S.A.
Day Corp., Central Steel Corp. and E.B. Holmes Corp. before taking over Swan
Industrial Sales in 1984. He retired about 10 years ago but still helped out by
calling on customers as recently as last summer.

Mr. Low loved playing squash and was an avid sports fan, especially enjoying
Michigan's football team. He was a season ticket holder for years and traveled
to other cities countless times to see the team in action. He saw his last game
at Michigan last fall with one of his daughters, Jean Farmelo.

He is survived by his wife of 63 years, the former Janet McClelland; a second
daughter, Louise Richards; and a son, J. Reed Low.

A memorial service will be at 1:30 p.m. Saturday in Unitarian Universalist
Church, 6320 Main St., Amherst.

[HERBECK]

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: [half col pic]

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obits

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Albany Herald, Ga.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 30, 2013 Sunday

State representatives speak on recent bills

BYLINE: Jim West, The Albany Herald, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 757 words


June 30--ALBANY, Ga. -- State representatives Winfred Dukes, District 154
(D-Albany); Carol Fullerton, District 153 (D-Albany) and State Senator Freddie
Powell Sims, District 12 (D-Dawson) spoke to local citizens Saturday at special
town hall meeting hosted by Jon Howard, Ward 1 City Commissioner. Representative
Gerald Greene, District 151 (R-Cuthbert) was scheduled to attend the meeting was
reportedly recovering from gall bladder surgery.

Attending representatives spoke in broad terms explaining bills passed at the
recent Georgia general assembly in Atlanta with major topics centered mostly
toward education and the economic status of the state.

"Georgia has experienced a tremendous growth population growth in recent years,"
Sims began. "If you remember Hurricane Katrina, a lot of the residents from
Louisiana came to Georgia and they didn't leave. Some of them found jobs and
some of them didn't, but it brings additional stress on government because we
must provide services to those additional residents."

According to Sims, a retired public school teacher, the Georgia budget of $19.9
billion is based on a speculative 5 percent growth in state revenue taxes.
However, because the state's "rainy day" reserve fund is being replenished from
raids in recent years, spending was limited for certain items. Still, K-12
education did receive something of a boost, Sims said.

"We added funds to increase school days for the lottery pre-K program back to
180 days," Sims said. "In the state of Georgia we feel it is important to
educate our children at very young ages. When they're that young they soak up
everything."

Sims said $146.6 million was provided from the budget to cover an increased
student K-12 enrollment, for additional teacher training. and for school nurses.

While not a consideration for Dougherty and other more affluent counties, Sims
said a previous cut of $2.6 million was restored to provide "sparsity grants,"
to poorer counties such as Clay, Quitman, Randolph or Baker Counties. Also in
the budget was a $69.8 mandated annual contribution to the teacher's retirement
plan, Sims said.

Sims mentioned to the group of of some 50 citizens, city officials and school
board members that a growing education trend in Georgia and elsewhere is the
move toward charter schools. According to Sims and other representatives,
charter schools "get more money," to the tune of $2,900 per student, vs. $5,000
per charter school student.

Winfred Dukes continued further with the education topic, striking deep into
what he said were root causes for shortages of budget funding. As an example,
Dukes cited Delta Airlines, a Georgia-based company, saying three years ago
Delta was exempted from paying sales tax on gasoline.

"That was a year Delta had made $4 billion in revenue," Dukes said. "They made
$539 million in net income and gave out bonuses of $13.3 million and the top two
guys got $14 million. Everybody should have to pay their fair share."

Moving on, Dukes said progress was made in the general assembly toward revising
the juvenile justice system in Georgia and curbing what Dukes claims is the
$93,000 annual cost of incarceration for each underage offender.

"(Juveniles) are different from the adult prison population," Dukes said.
They're juveniles, so the state is obligated to provide them with an education.
If you're 12 years old and have to got to a youth development center, you
probably have some psychological issues somewhere."

Dukes said the ultimate hope was to implement small group homes for the purpose
of keeping juvenile offenders.

"They'll be watched around the clock," Dukes said, but they'll still have an
opportunity to interact with kids in the public school system. There will still
be psychological and health care, but the cost will be a lot less and probably a
lot better for the kids."

Carol Fullerton said that one of the "big" things accomplished in part by the
Southwest Georgia representatives was to defeat a bill allowing guns to be
carried into schools and college campuses.

"I'm all for people having guns for personal protection and to hunt with,"
Fullerton said. "But you don't need assault weapons for that, and certainly
college -- sometimes with the alcohol factor there -- is just not a good mix
with firearms."

For a more complete list of bills passed during the 2013 Georgia General
Assembly, go to www.senate.ga.gov/sro/Documents/Highlights/2013Highlights.pdf

___ (c)2013 The Albany Herald, Ga. Visit The Albany Herald, Ga. at
www.albanyherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130630-1AH-State-representatives-speak-on-recent-bills-0630-20130630

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AH


                                 Copyright 2013


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            November 13, 2009 Friday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

PUBLIC FORUM

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 635 words


Water deal pork

After reading the coverage in the Daily News outlining all the disgusting pork
added to the water bond measure, I can assure the governor that at least one
voter will be voting no on the measure. The leaders in the Legislature insist
that the measure was doomed to failure without including all that fat to induce
enough members to vote for it.

And too many of us naively ask, "Why?" Why aren't the people who've been elected
to make California a better place to live doing the right thing by their
constituents? I didn't see one single pork item that will be of any benefit to
me or my neighbors and friends, and many that had absolutely nothing to do with
the badly needed restructuring of the delta area.

Politics as usual. Shame on the politicians. And shame on us if we re-elect
them!

- ELLIE DOUD

Sherman Oaks

Embarrassed for Congress

As an American I'm embarrassed that the U.S. House of Representatives has 220
members who actually believe the government can successfully centrally plan the
medical and insurance industries.

- MORT SHERMAN

Woodland Hills

The brighter side of life

Re "Nation's veterans share a special bond" (Nov. 11):

With extensive news exposure of international and even local terrorism, it's
comforting to read Dennis McCarthy's view of service veterans bonding. Even
though the news of the deadly rampage at Fort Hood confronts readers, Dennis
adroitly leads us to a brighter side of life, in counting our blessings for our
dedicated military veterans we honor.

- BARBARA DENNEY

Granada Hills

Liberty at stake

I continue to be amazed by the ignorance of those Americans who support
government-run health care. Our United States Constitution does not grant the
federal government the right to impose health care on its citizens. This is one
of the most egregious over-reaching government intrusions into our private lives
ever perpetrated. Brad Sherman apparently doesn't care; Elton Gallegly obviously
does. Educate yourself folks; your freedom and liberty are at stake.

- BILL HAMBURG

Woodland Hills

Where's Reagan?

Re "Rejoicing in history" (Nov. 10):

After reading the article regarding the celebration of the anniversary of the
fall of the Berlin Wall, I felt something missing. If I was to read an article
celebrating the American colonies victory in the Revolutionary War without
mentioning George Washington, I would have the same feeling. Or a celebrating of
the victories of the Civil Rights movements without mentioning Dr. Martin Luther
King Jr. I would have the same feeling.

But in this article regarding the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin
Wall, there was not one mention of the name of our late great president, Ronald
Reagan. I understand how one's political leanings can cause one to ignore the
facts of history, but this slight belongs in the Guiness Book of World Records.

- FREDDY GOLIN

Los Angeles

The elephant answer

Re "The zoo question" (Editorial, Nov. 4):

The zoo is no place for an elephant. Elephants are majestic creatures that love
to walk, need mental stimulation, crave friends and enjoy grazing and problem
solving. Elephant experts, well-informed state-of-the-art zoos and specialty
veterinarians concur that health issues and death are certain consequences of an
insufficient zoo space. In the 21st century many enlightened zoos have made a
policy decision not to keep elephants at all. Yet, it is now that the Los
Angeles Zoo has decided to spend $42 million dollars on an exhibit that experts
have already declared obsolete and insufficient.

The message children will learn from seeing elephants in such an exhibit is that
it is OK to keep large roaming animals in a confined space. Bob Talbert said
"teaching kids to count is fine, but teaching them what counts is best."

- MADELINE BERNSTEIN

Los Angeles

The letter writer is the President of spcaLA

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Letters to the editor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                    September 19, 2003 Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Education Notes

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Education Notes ; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 1595 words


The following people have recently received academic appointments, awards or
honors.

SCHOLARSHIPS

Ling Babcock and Laura Bartels, both of Killingly, have received $1,000 Sam
Walton Community Scholarships from the Putnam Wal-Mart.

Katunge Kisuke, of Worcester, has received a $1,100 Javoc Moss Pre-Theological
Scholarship from Northwestern College.

The following local students have received 2003 Junior League of Worcester
Scholarships, in recognition of their academic achievement and their volunteer
service: Karrie Du, Algonquin Regional High School; Jennifer Kwon, Westboro High
School; Danielle Lemay, Tantasqua Regional High School; and Christine Susienka,
Northbridge High School.

Erica Cove, of Shrewsbury, has received a $2,000 scholarship from the Utility
Contractors' Association of New England, which she will use to further her
education in forensic science at the University of New Haven.

Monica E. Cox, of Worcester, has received a $5,000 scholarship through the Grand
Lodge of Masons in Massachusetts Scholarship Program.

The Massachusetts Extended Care Federation has awarded scholarships to employees
of local long term care facilities to advance their careers in health care:
Sebastian Adzadi and Elizabeth E. Beane, Holy Trinity Nursing and Rehab Center,
Worcester; Bonnie L. Bigelow, Christopher House of Worcester; Kimberly A.
Carney, Radius HealthCare Center at Worcester; Linda Daly, The Highlands,
Fitchburg; Samuel Frempong, Oakdale Rehab and Skilled Nursing Center, West
Boylston; Jennifer C. Lemieux, Holden Nursing Home; Orlando M. Makor, Worcester
Skilled Care Center; Jill M. Maranda, Shrewsbury Nursing and Rehab Center;
Virginia N. Martin, Quaboag on the Common, West Brookfield; Francis Miru and
Deborah L. Yedinak, Radius HealthCare Center at Millbury; Andrea T.L. Narcisi,
Gery and Emil Eisenberg Assisted Living Residence, Worcester; Tina M. Osborn,
Keystone Center, Leominster; Tomislav Pendzic, Jewish Healthcare Center,
Worcester; Esther Perez, Birchwood Care Center, Fitchburg; Myrlande Regaillard,
The Hermitage, Worcester; Barbara Warblow, Life Care Center of Auburn.

The following local students have received Charter Communications' 19th annual
Outstanding Scholar-Athlete Scholarships:

First Place, $2,000- Matthew E. Lemire, St. Peter-Marian Central Catholic High
School; and Sarah E. Buss, Westboro High School.

Second Place, $1,500- Nicole C. DiMarzio, David Prouty High School; and David
Butterfield, The Bromfield School.

Third Place, $1,000- Stephanie Marcinkus, Leicester High School; Joseph J.
Moisan, Bartlett High School; and Robert A. Barton, Grafton Memorial Senior High
School.

Shawna Flynn, of Oxford, has received a scholarship from the Massachusetts Auto
Dealers Charitable Foundation, and will use the award toward her education at
the University of Massachusetts-Amherst.

Matthew Hollingshead, of Jefferson, and Mary-Christine Sullivan, of Worcester,
have received $750 scholarships and citations for being named a William F. Field
Scholars by the University of Massachusetts-Amherst Alumni Association.

The North Central Massachusetts Association of Realtors has awarded its
Community Scholarships to the following local students: Gretchen Houseman,
Nashoba Regional High School, $1,000 toward her education at the University of
Massachusetts-Dartmouth; Jonathan King, Fitchburg High School, $1,000 toward his
education at the College of the Holy Cross; and Vimary Cordova, Mahar Regional
High School, $500 toward her education at Emmanuel College.

Rachel Croak, of Clinton, has received the Willard Ide Shattuck Memorial
Scholarship from the North Central Massachusetts Association of Realtors, which
she will use toward her education at Westfield State College.

Jose Machado, of Oxford, has received a Presidential Scholarship from Johnson &
Wales University.

Erin O'Rourke, of Sutton, has received a $1,000 National Honor Society
Scholarship from the National Association of Secondary School Principals, which
she will use toward her education at Middlebury College.

Rachel Goldenberg, Algonquin Regional High School, and Todd Zinn, Doherty
Memorial High School, have received Gerald Landgarten Memorial Scholarships
through the Queen Esther Scholarship Fund.

Gabrielle Wolfe, Doherty Memorial High School, has received the Sidney Medlinsky
Memorial Scholarship through the Queen Esther Scholarship Fund.

The following local students have received B'nai B'rith Queen Esther
Scholarships: Leonard Cohen, Doherty Memorial High School; Rachel Cohen,
Algonquin Regional High School; Rebecca Edgerly, Leominster High School; Laura
Freeman, Doherty Memorial High School; Robert McGovern, St. John's High School;
Malka Philips, Bais Chana Girls High School; Ariella Slovin, of Worcester, New
Jewish High School; and Erica Weinstein, Westboro High School.

Bryan G. Salvatore, of Leominster, has received a $2,500 Tufts University Merit
Scholarship through the National Merit Scholarship Program.

Daniel A. Simoncini, of Worcester, has received a $2,500 Boston College Merit
Scholarship through the National Merit Scholarship Program.

ROTC cadets Codi M. Dean, of Worcester, a student at WPI, and Eric Q. Roedel, of
Shrewsbury, a student at the University of Massachusetts-Amherst, have received
$1,000 scholarships from the Lexington-Concord chapter of the Armed Forces
Communications and Electronics Association.

Sarah B. Cowan, of Northboro, has received the William Gaston Premium
Scholarship from Brown University.

Danielle Spring, of Worcester, has received the Florida Fisher Scholarship from
Denison University.

John Pratico, Quaboag Regional High School, has received the $1,500 Robert C.
Byrd Honors Scholarship, which he will use toward his education at the College
of the Holy Cross.

HONOR SOCIETIES

Amy Haroutunian, of Northbridge, and Stephanie McSherry, of Paxton, have been
inducted into the Providence College Chapter of Tau Pi Phi, the international
honor society in accounting, business administration and economics.

Jessica Lloyd and Sean Neafsey, both of Shrewsbury, and Erica Monroe and
Adrienne Pucko, both of West Boylston, have been inducted into Omicron Delta
Epsilon, the international honor society in economics, at Providence College.

Stephanie Tonelli, of Hopedale, has been inducted into the Phi Sigma Iota
Foreign Language Honor Society at Providence College.

Emma Stratton, of West Boylston, has been inducted into the Providence College
chapter of Alpha Epsilon Delta, the national honor society for pre-medical
students.

Kathryn Liddy, of Holden, has been inducted into the Alpha Delta Mu Social Work
National Honor Society at Providence College.

Stephanie McSherry, of Paxton, has been inducted into Pu Mu Epsilon, the
national honor society in mathematics, at Providence College.

Charles H. Jordan, of Leicester, has been named to Phi Beta Kappa, the honor
society in the humanities and fine arts, natural sciences and mathematics, and
social and behavioral sciences, at the University of Massachusetts-Amherst.

Rachel Pawlina, of Worcester, has been selected for membership in Alpha Lambda
Delta, at the University of New Hampshire.

Ryan Aylward, of Westboro, has been elected to Phi Beta Kappa at the University
of Rochester.

Daniel W. Gustafson, of Worcester, and Laura M. Wareck, of Lancaster, have been
inducted into Phi Beta Kappa at Kenyon College.

SPECIAL COURSES OF STUDY

Marcia Caron, of Leominster, has been awarded a $2,000 fellowship at Bucknell
University for a research project on ''Effects of Gendered Group Compositions on
Perceptions of Sexual Encounters.''

Richard L. Chevalier, of Worcester, and Elizabeth W. Powell, of Grafton, have
received Java program certificates from WPI.

The following area residents have graduated from the Massachusetts Bankers
Association's School for Financial Studies:

Clinton: Siobahn Bohnson, Clinton Savings Bank.

Spencer: James A. Sandagato, Southbridge Savings Bank.

Ware: Laura Davis, Anne Pietras and Brian Socha; Country Bank for Savings.

Worcester: Christine Tuccio, Bay State Savings Bank; and Leo F. McManus, L.F.
McManus Company.

Melissa Bordeaux, of Sutton, a junior at Sutton High School who studies piano,
participated in the Boston University Tanglewood Institute this summer.

Susie Hebert, of Holden, a trombonist, participated in the Mary Jo Leahy Summer
Band Camp at the University of Massachusetts-Lowell.

Northboro students Bryan Chu, who plays clarinet and saxophone; Sophia Yee, who
plays flute; Eileen Chuang, who plays flute; and Sean Klaiber, who plays
trombone; participated in the Mary Jo Leahy Summer Band Camp at the University
of Massachusetts-Lowell.

The following local teachers have graduated from the Providence College
Providence Alliance for Catholic Teachers (PACT): Julie Beauvais, St. Peter
Catholic Elementary School; Suzanne Gallo, Venerini Academy; Scott Goldschmidt,
St. Peter Catholic Elementary School; Joseph Grande, Holy Name Central Catholic
High School; Jerilyn Karam, St. Mary Junior-Senior High School; Geoffrey
Moulton, St. Peter-Marian Central Catholic High School; and Anne Walsh, St.
Peter-Marian Central Catholic High School.

Ami Cutler, of Sterling, a graduate student at the University of Rhode Island,
has been named a Humanities Fellow by the university's Center for Humanities,
and has received the Mark and Donna Ross Fellowship to help defray the cost of
her research in Portugal on emigration from a northeastern Portuguese province.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2003 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                     May 11, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

Bush Offers Health Insurance Lure; Plan Would Ease Cost Of Long-Term Care

Dan Balz; Ceci Connolly , Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A10; CAMPAIGN 2000

LENGTH: 826 words

DATELINE: DAVENPORT, Iowa, May 10


Warming up for a major speech on Social Security and Medicare, George W. Bush
today proposed $ 7.4 billion in tax incentives designed to lighten the financial
burden of long-term health care, saying he wanted to make "peace-of-mind
insurance" available to more Americans.

Speaking to an audience of senior citizens at a retirement center here this
morning, Bush said, "To many of our seniors, illness can be the path to
financial ruin. This is one of the greatest fears of retirement and our nation
must address it."

Bush's long-term care proposals represent a small piece of his overall policy
for the elderly. By far the bigger pieces encompass the government's retirement
and medical insurance programs, Social Security and Medicare. Bush plans to lay
out his ideas--though not necessarily the details--for reforming both programs
during a speech Monday in California, including support for partial
privatization of Social Security.

Anticipating criticism, Bush prefaced his remarks by reassuring seniors that his
plans for Social Security would not jeopardize their benefits. Calling Social
Security one of the nation's "most enduring promises," he said, "Under a George
Bush administration, people who rely on Social Security will have the promise
kept."

With the baby boom generation nearing retirement, the future of the two huge
entitlements programs has emerged as a major point of contention between Bush
and Vice President Gore. Both campaigns see Monday's speech as the escalation of
that battle as the two presidential candidates grapple with the changing
political terrain of retirement issues.

One sign of the stakes involved in issues affecting the elderly came today when
Gore's campaign made Health and Human Services Secretary Donna E. Shalala
available to reporters by telephone to criticize Bush's long-term care plans,
although she was not fully familiar with the details.

Gore, for his part, spent the day in vice presidential mode today, delivering
federal goodies to depressed regions of the South and to America's veterans.
Traveling to Jacksonville, Ark., Gore announced an administration plan to
increase veterans' education benefits by 25 percent--from $ 536 a month to $
670--in 2001.

"Those who fight for our security should never have to fight for the education
they need to succeed," he said.

Gore also unveiled $ 25.5 million in new federal assistance for the Mississippi
Delta. Among the new initiatives is a $ 14.6 million agricultural loan program
and $ 4.9 million in grants for employment training and technology centers. Much
of the money will be funneled to poor communities in Arkansas, Louisiana,
Tennessee and Mississippi.

Here in Davenport, Bush offered two tax incentives to help Americans provide
long-term care to themselves or family members. Neither traditional health
insurance nor Medicare offers true long-term care assistance, Bush officials
said.

Medicaid is the largest source of funding for nursing home care, but that
requires families to use up their assets before they can qualify, and campaign
officials said the program is not equipped to handle the projected costs of the
nation's bulging elderly population.

To encourage the purchase of long-term care insurance, Bush called for a tax
deduction for the entire cost of such insurance premiums, which he estimated
would cost the federal government $ 5.1 billion over five years.

A Bush campaign official said only about 5 percent of Americans currently buy
long-term care insurance, with about 80 percent of them purchasing insurance
through the private market rather than through an employer-sponsored plan.
Bush's tax deduction would be available only to those who purchase private
insurance. Taxpayers who do not itemize their deductions would still qualify.

Bush also recommended assistance for people who provide care to a family member
in the home by making them eligible to claim another personal exemption when
they file their income taxes. Citing statistics from the National Alliance for
Caregiving, the Bush campaign said about 22 million Americans now care for
elderly family members at home.

The personal exemption is currently worth $ 2,750. Bush campaign officials said
the cost of this feature would be about $ 2.3 billion over five years.

Shalala criticized Bush in three ways. First, she said, he could not pay for the
measures because of the size of his proposed tax cut. Second, she said, he
should have earlier embraced an administration proposal for a $ 3,000 tax credit
for people who provide long-term care assistance to family members.

Finally she said that offering incentives to buy private long-term care
insurance fails to take account of the fact that there is "a lot of lousy
insurance out there." But Shalala acknowledged that Gore has no proposal that
would subsidize the cost of such private insurance for most Americans.


Connolly reported from Jacksonville.


LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                           December 12, 2013 Thursday

For a good cause

SECTION: SINGAPORE

LENGTH: 302 words


THESE are some of the groups and individuals who wrote in to The Straits Times
Causes Week about their projects:

Our Better World

AN INITIATIVE of the Singapore International Foundation, Our Better World
features stories of individuals and organisations doing good in Asia. It shares
videos, images and stories to help raise awareness of different causes in the
region.

ourbetterworld.org

Ad.Vo.Ca.Se.

THIS is a group of communications students from the Nanyang Technological
University who are trying to create awareness about social enterprises.

They will be holding a carnival at *Scape next year, where visitors will be able
to attend workshops held by social enterprises.

Kiwanis Club of Singapore

THE club is a volunteer group which runs camps and workshops for youth to spread
the concept of servant leadership - that one becomes a leader by serving others
first.

It will be carrying out a fund-raising event next year to raise $50,000 to
provide bursaries for needy children, whom it hopes to nurture as servant
leaders.

The group is an autonomous affiliate of Kiwanis International, a worldwide
service organisation founded in the United States in 1915.

kiwanissingapore-delta.org

Tray-return project

AS PART of Anderson Junior College's 30th anniversary celebrations, its student
body will be partnering with the National Environment Agency to initiate a
tray-return project in 30 hawker centres.

Students will attempt to convey the tray-return message through skits and
jingles and other ways.

Project Sa'bai

A 30-MEMBER group of Singaporean doctors and medical students give free medical
treatment and health education to Cambodians in Phnom Penh. The project focuses
on three schools with children from low-income families, and two village clinics
which provide free health-care services.

projectsabai.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               November 15, 2013

Anambra State - For Lack of Equipment, Hospitals Not Performing At Optimal Level

BYLINE: Vincent Ujumadu

LENGTH: 1274 words


ANAMBRA State is lucky that health indices in the state are on the positive side
and this is attributable to the determination of the state government to achieve
the health aspects of the Millennium Development Goals by 2015.

Anambra is one of the few states that experience the frequent outbreak of
certain diseases, like cholera epidemic and measles and this is due to proper
application of resources in the sector. In fact, the state has not had any case
of polio in the past seven years, though the state ministry of health routinely
embarks on immunization on regular basis.

Though the government has rehabilitated the over 200 government- owned health
institutions, including the General Hospitals and Primary Healthcare Centers
scattered in the rural areas, there is still much to be done. Some of the
hospitals rehabilitated by the state government are yet to operate at optimal
level because of lack of some necessary equipments.

In fact, the Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu University Teaching Hospital started by
the present state government has been completed and is in full operation.

The hospital has also been accredited by Nigerian Medical and Dental Council for
the training of medical doctors and specialists.

The state University Teaching Hospital also has sickle cell screening center for
newborn babies. The state government has also established a dialysis center at
the Onitsha General Hospital in which government has subsidized fees paid by
patients.

There is also the federal government -owned Nnamdi Azikiwe University Teaching
Hospital, Nnewi which has been producing medical doctors in the last 15 years.
Officials of the Teaching Hospital are currently shopping for N2.5 billion
special intervention fund to enable the health institution improve facilities at
its permanent site in Nnewi. Nnewi community donated a large expanse of land for
the permanent site of the hospital, but lack of funds had slowed down the
movement to the site.

Prof. Ivara Esu said in Nnewi that the delay in moving the hospital to its
permanent site was hampering proper service delivery, arguing that the temporary
site of the hospital has got to the limit to which it could grow, and therefore
can no longer accommodate more patients. The implication, he said, is that a lot
of patients who need healthcare services are denied access to treatment.

According to him, the N2.5 billion would enable them to complete the prioritized
projects at the site to achieve the level of development that would make it
possible for partial movement to the permanent site of the hospital as soon as
possible.

He said: "We are not saying that N2.5 billion, if granted, will be enough to
complete the projects, but if we get that amount and add it to the regular
budget, it will go far in helping our objective of developing priority projects
that will help realize our objectives within the limit of our fund.

Realizing that government cannot do everything alone, Governor Peter Obi decided
to partner with the churches in both the education and health sectors. So far,
four missionary hospitals owned by the missionaries have received financial
assistance of over N2 billion to enable them upgrade their facilities to put
them in good shape for accreditation by the relevant professional bodies.

Hospitals that have received such assistance include the Borromeo Hospital,
Onitsha; Our Lady of Lourdes Hospital, Ihiala; St. Joseph's Hospital,
Adazi-Nnukwu; Iyi Enu Hospital, Ogidi; Diocesan Hospital, Amichi; among others.

Only recently, the governor presented 39 life ambulances to various hospitals in
the state, including those owned by the missions. The ambulances are equipped
with operating facilities and could serve as hospitals in times of emergency.

The governor said during the presentation that the state government was
encouraged to continue supporting the churches because of responsible manner
they utilize the funds granted them as could be measured by the projects they
have executed.

According to him, the state government would spend another N200m in each of the
hospitals within the next three months to enable them upgrade infrastructure.
Indeed, a large chunk of the funds being used to fund the health sector came as
a result of blossoming partnership with international donor agencies, which have
found Anambra a stable place to work since Obi came to office.

Professor Chinyere Okunna, the Commissioner for Economic Planning and Budget,
who is also coordinating the activities under the Millennium Development Goals,
MDG, said the state government cannot afford to toy with the intervention
programmes of the development partners in building capacities in the health
sector, recalling how difficult it was for Governor Obi to woo them back to the
state when he assumed office in 2006.

President of the women, Dr. Kate Ezeofor said they have already acquired 7.7
hectares of land at Omogho in Orumba North local government area for the project
in collaboration with IPAS.

Ezeofor said: "Medical records show that about 5000 Nigerians travel to India
every month for medical treatment and this is worrisome. Our organization abroad
has many doctors, pharmacists, nurses and technicians that are prepared to work
in the country if the right atmosphere is created for them.

"We are worried that many Nigerians die untimely of diseases such as cancer,
kidney failure, heart attack, hypertension, diabetes, child birth, orthopedic
cases and lack of equipment for proper diagnosis. That is why we decided to
provide a way forward for saving lives in Nigeria by building state -of- the-
art hospital and diagnostic center of international standard at Omogho.

The traditional ruler of Omogho, Igwe Raphael Offor, with the support of his
community, has given us 7.7 hectares of land for the project and we are calling
on Nigerians to be part of the project."

By SAMUEL OYADONGHA

Aside the Federal Medical Centre in Yenagoa, the only referral federation health
institution in Bayelsa which hitherto dilapidated structures have given way to
modern structures with breathtaking landscaping, the other biggest hospital in
use in the predominantly riverine state is the Okolobiri GeneralHospital which
was recently upgraded as Niger Delta University Teaching Hospital NDUTH. Five
years ago, the FMC was in state of decay and lacking modern working equipment.

The complex was also infested with reptiles and other dangerous animals. But the
situation is different today. The complex is dotted with modern structures while
more are still springing up. Also, services at the centre have improved
remarkably.

In the council areas of the state, projects under construction include model
referral health institutions, model and international diagnostic centres,
partnership with the Dora Akunyili Foundation forte establishment of the the
first Drug Mart in Africa. Work on the project is on going.

The state also instituted the Bayelsa State Health Services Scheme to increase
access to affordable healthcare where a draft of N500m was presented as take off
grant to the newly inaugurated board to kick-start the programme. Also, the
school of nursing has been upgraded.

But the five hundred-bed GeneralHospital now known as the
MelfordOkiloMemorialHospital which was initiated by the administration of former
Governor Diepreye Alamieyeseigha is yet to the completed several years after it
took off.

Though it has undergone series of redesigning with work still on going, the
sprawling complex situated along the Imgbi road in the heart of the state
capital when completed is expected to ease the pressure on the FMC and the Niger
Delta University Teaching Hospital, Okolobiri.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            February 9, 2007 Friday

Health Happenings

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 809 words


Announcement forms may be obtained by calling 925-779-7173 or e-mailing
shargis@cctimes.com.

EVENTS

UnitedHealthcare Children's Foundation -- California parents with children in
need of medical services or equipment not fully covered by health insurance can
apply for a grant up to $5,000. For information: www.uhccf.org.

American Red Cross Blood Drives -- 800-448-3543 or www.beadonor.com. to schedule
appointment.

March 2, 1-7 p.m. Resurrection Ministries, 1275 Fairview Ave., Brentwood.
Appointments: 800-448-3543 or www.beadonor.com.

Sutter Delta Medical Center -- 3901 Lone Tree Way, Antioch, offers the following
health event:

Maternity tours, 11 a.m.-7:30 p.m. first and third Mondays monthly. Contact:
925-779-7230.

The Wellness Community -- 3276 McNutt Avenue, Walnut Creek, offers the following
health events:

Kids Circle and Teen Talk - When Mom or Dad Has Cancer, 10 a.m.-1 p.m. Feb. 10.
School age children can participate in fun, creative activities to help express
themselves while teens have a group where they can discuss concerns. Parents
meet concurrently. Free. Reservations: 925-933-0107.

African Drumming Circle, 5:30-6:30 p.m. Feb. 15. Drumming has been shown to
boost immune system functions and metabolism. No rhythmic or musical ability is
required. Free for cancer patients, their families and friends. Reservations:
925-933-0107.

Introduction to Dream Tending, 10 a.m.-noon Feb. 17. Learn how to access your
inner wisdom and how dreams can assist you in your healing journey. Free for
cancer patients, their families and friends. Reservations: 925-933-0107.

Managing Symptoms and Site Effects, 10 a.m.-noon Feb. 24. Learn what you can do
to feel better during cancer treatment. Free. Reservations: 925-933-0107.

John Muir Medical Center, Brentwood Campus, Senior Services -- 2400 Balfour
Road, Brentwood. 925-674-2586 offers the following health events:

Memory screening, Morning and afternoon appointments available. Feb. 13 and 15.
March 20-21. April 17 and 19. Take advantage of a seven-minute screening that
will provide you with information to discuss with your physician. Free.
Reservations: 925-674-2586.

Understanding Your Future Housing Options, 3:30-5 p.m. Feb. 21. Understanding
the continuation of care and what it means to you in cost qualifications,
differing services and advantages to each type of care for yourself or someone
you love. Free. Reservations: 925-674-2586.

Advance Health Care Directives, 10 a.m.-noon April 18. Clarify your choices in
advance should you become unable to make your own health decisions. Free.
Reservations: 925-674-2586.

John Muir Medical Center, Walnut Creek Campus -- 1601 Ygnacio Valley Road,
offers the following health events:

Stroke Support Group, 7-9 p.m. Feb. 12. Speaker: Eileen Nevitt, LCSW,
"Transitions from the Hospital." 925-376-6218.

John Muir Health and Fitness Institute -- 2231 Galaxy Court, Concord,
925-798-9401 offers the following health events:

Body fat testing, provides body composition screening. Fee is $25-50. Contact:
925-798-9401 for appointment.

One-on-one fitness evaluation, Fee ranges from $90-150. Contact: 925-798-9401
for appointment.

Personal exercise training prescription , receive a functional and realistic
exercise prescription by an experienced fitness specialist. Contact:
925-798-9401 for fees and information.

FITNESS CLASSES

City of Antioch Leisure Services -- Registration for fitness classes accepted
8:30 a.m.-6 p.m. Mondays-Thursdays and 8:30 a.m.-5:30 p.m. Fridays. Nick
Rodriguez Community Center, 213 F St. or Prewett Water Park & Center, 4701 Lone
Tree Way. Contact: 925-779-7070.

HEALTH CLASSES

Health and Fitness Institute of John Muir -- 2231 Galaxy Court, Concord,
925-798-9401, offers the following classes:

CPR and First Aid: American Heart Association infant, child and adult CPR
certification available. Course covers breathing, airway obstruction and CPR.
Fee $55. For dates, times and registration contact: 925-798-9401.

CPR for health care providers: American Heart Association basic life support for
health care providers. Certification course includes rescue breathing, airway
obstruction, one- and two-rescuer CPR and external defibrillator. Cost: $80 for
a two-year certification. For times, dates and registration contact:
925-798-9401.

La Leche League of Pittsburg/Antioch -- 10 a.m. third Fridays. Golden Hills
Community Church, room 146, 2401 Shady Willow Lane, Brentwood. Contact: Mary
925-754-1284, Julie 925-757-6767, Nicole 925-757-8068. Recorded message for
Contra Costa County 925-274-3748.

Multiple Sclerosis self-help group -- 1-3 p.m. second Wednesdays monthly.
Contact: Tom, 925-516-9647 for meeting location.

Parkinson's network of Mount Diablo -- 10 a.m.-noon. Support group meets second
Saturdays monthly. Oak Room, Grace Presbyterian Church, 2100, Tice Valley Blvd.,
Walnut Creek. Contact: Ronalee, 925-284-2189.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 29, 2007 Saturday

A host of new faces joins the Order

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; RIDEAU HALL: ORDER OF CANADA; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 789 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


The country's most famous hockey dad leads a star-studded list of new recipients
of the Order of Canada.

Rideau Hall announced Walter Gretzky is included on a long list of winners that
includes basketball star Steve Nash, former Supreme Court justice Louise Arbour
and oilman Jack Irving.

Ms. Arbour is being named to the top rank of Companion of the Order, the
country's highest civilian honour. The former judge is now the UN high
commissioner for human rights.

Another human-rights activist, Alex Neve of Amnesty International, is being
named to the next-highest rank of Officer of the Order. Mr. Neve is joined in
that category by Deborah Grey, the first MP elected to Parliament for the Reform
Party of Canada in 1989.

Olympic speedskater Clara Hughes was also named an officer, as was Bank of
Canada governor David Dodge.

Mr. Gretzky, best known for fathering the NHL's all-time leading scorer and
producing the famous backyard rink upon which Wayne Gretzky learned to skate,
was named for his work with various charities.

His son was appointed to the order in 1984, when Wayne's NHL career was barely
getting under way.

A former Bell Canada lineman from Brantford, Ont., Walter has been involved in
charity work with the blind since the early 1980s.

Wayne had been moved by a conversation he had with two blind boys, and persuaded
his dad to set up a celebrity tennis tournament for the Canadian National
Institute for the Blind. He has since organized celebrity golf tournaments and
summer camps for blind children.

Rideau Hall said Walter was named to the Order for "his contributions to minor
hockey in Canada, and for his dedication to helping a myriad of local,
provincial, and national charities."

APPOINTMENTS

COMPANIONS

* The Honourable Louise Arbour, Geneva and Montreal, Law

* Michael Snow, Toronto, Arts/Visual

* Margaret E. Southern, Calgary, Sports

OFFICERS

* Marie Chouinard, Montreal, Arts/Stage/Dance

* David A. Dodge, Ottawa, Public Service

* Richard L. (Rick) George, Calgary, Industry/Commerce/Business

* Deborah Grey, Edmonton, Public Service

* Clara Hughes, Calgary and Winnipeg, Sports

* Douglas Gordon (D.G.) Jones, North Hatley, Que., Arts/Writing

* The Honourable E. Leo Kolber, Montreal, Industry/Commerce/Business

* Donat Lacroix, Caraquet, N.B., Arts/Music

* Jean Lemire, Montreal, Science

* Joanne MacDonald, St. John's, Social Service

* Grant Munro, Westmount, Que., Arts/Films

* Stephen (Steve) Nash, Phoenix, Ariz., and Victoria, B.C., Sports

* Alex Neve, Ottawa, Social Service

* Adrianne Pieczonka, Toronto, Arts/Music

* Richard Puddephatt, London, Ont., Science

* Muriel Smith, Winnipeg, Social Service

* Steven Staryk, Scottsdale, Ariz., and Toronto, Arts/Music

* Lawrence M. (Larry) Tanenbaum, Toronto, Philanthropy

* Jeff Wall, Vancouver, Arts/Visual

MEMBERS

* Garry W. Anderson, Cranbrook, B.C., Heritage

* Tony Aspler, Toronto, Communications

* Peter Aucoin, Halifax, Education

* Larry Audlaluk, Grise Fiord, Nun., Voluntary Service

* John Barron, Komoka, Ont., Arts/Music

* Margaret Becklake, Montreal, Health Care

* Carol Gay Bell, Regina, Arts/Stage

* Hélène-Andrée Bizier, Montreal, Heritage

* Thea Borlase, Moncton, N.B., Voluntary Service

* Peter G. Buckland, North Vancouver, Engineering

* Michael Clague, Vancouver, Social Service

* Armand de Mestral, Montreal, Law

* Marcien Ferland, La Salle, Man., Arts/Music

* Mallory Gilbert, Toronto, Arts/Stage

* Frieda Graniot, Vancouver, Education

* Walter Gretzky, Brantford, Ont., Voluntary Service

* Valerie Hussey, Toronto, Communications

* John E. (Jack) Irving, Saint John, Industry/Commerce/Business

* Antoine Landry, Caraquet, N.B., Heritage

* The Honourable Patrick LeSage, Toronto, Law

* Karen Letofsky, Toronto, Social Service

* The Honourable René J. Marin, Ottawa, Public Service

* Dick North, Dawson City, Y.T., Heritage

* Patricia O'Connor, Yellowknife, Health Care

* Irene Pfeiffer, Okotoks, Alta., Voluntary Service

* Kenneth Poyser, Edmonton, Voluntary Service

* Derek A. Price, Westmount, Que., Philanthropy

* Bruce Pullan, Delta, B.C., Arts/Music

* Ray V. Rajotte, Edmonton, Health Care

* Joseph Schatzker, Toronto, Health Care

* Michael D. (Mike) Scott, Sooke, B.C., Industry/Commerce/Business

* Yoshio Senda, Lethbridge, Alta., Voluntary Service

* Paul Shaffer, Bedford, N.Y., and Thunder Bay, Ont., Arts/Music

* Douglas A. Smith, Gore Bay, Ont., Industry/Commerce/Business

* Reverend Sister Margaret Smith, North Bay, Ont., Health Care

* Jeffrey Spalding, Calgary and Jeddore, N.S., Arts/Visual

* T. Kenneth Thorlakson, Winnipeg, Voluntary Service

* Reverend Sister Margaret Vickers, Vancouver and St. John, Health Care

* Anne H. Wieler, Ottawa, Health Care

* Richard B. Wright, St. Catharines, Ont., Arts

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     January 7, 2004 Wednesday CITY EDITION

3M WILL LAY OFF 60 LAB WORKERS IN MAPLEWOOD

BYLINE: Staff and wire reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; REGIONAL; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 819 words


3M Co. is laying off about 60 lab workers from the drug-delivery unit on its
Maplewood campus after losing several research and development contracts with
pharmaceutical companies last year. The company disclosed the plans at a
division meeting in mid-December, a spokesman said. The laid-off workers have 60
days to find new jobs with the company. One quarter of 3M's $16 billion in
annual sales come from its health care segment. Its drug-delivery unit employs
about 300 and has estimated annual sales of $600 million. It contracts with
pharmaceutical companies to design and make inhalers and skin patches.

St. Jude heart valve still open to lawsuit

Federal regulatory approval is not enough to shield St. Jude Medical from a
class action lawsuit that claims its heart valve injured some patients,
according to a ruling from Judge John Tunheim of the U.S. District Court in
Minnesota. Tunheim denied St. Jude's request for summary judgment in the case,
ruling that the Little Canada company could be held accountable for injury
claims despite initial approval of the medical device from the Food and Drug
Administration. In a separate ruling in the case, Tunheim declined to grant
class action status to personal injury claims, although he did grant class
action status for claims related to medical monitoring in those states that
allow such claims.

August Tech raises revenue estimates

August Technology raised its revenue estimate for the fourth quarter ended Dec.
31 following a general industry upturn, a company spokesperson said, which
helped increase sales across all product lines. The Bloomington company, which
makes quality control systems for electronics manufacturers, said it now expects
quarterly revenue of about $14 million, more than double the $6.3 million it
recorded in the fourth quarter of 2002. Analysts polled by Thomson First Call
expect the company's fourth-quarter sales to total $12.8 million. Shares of
August Technology on Tuesday rose $1.68 to $22.15.

NWA December traffic declines 4.8%

Northwest Airlines' December traffic fell 4.8 percent to 5.73 billion revenue
passenger miles from 6.02 billion a year earlier. A revenue passenger mile is
one paying passenger flown one mile. December's load factor, or percentage of
seats filled, was 78.1 percent, up from 76.9 percent a year ago, while capacity
fell 6.3 percent to 7.34 billion available seat miles. For 2003, traffic fell
4.9 percent to 68.48 billion revenue passenger miles from 72.03 billion in 2002.

BRIEFLY

UnitedHealth Group received U.S. antitrust approval for its proposed $2.95
billion acquisition of Mid Atlantic Medical Services Inc. UnitedHealth expects
the merger to close in the first quarter. ... Northwest Airlines has added
seasonal Saturday-only nonstop service between Minneapolis-St. Paul and Memphis,
Tenn., and Charleston, S.C. The flights will be available March 6 through June
5. ... Photo Control purchased the Vaddio video-conferencing product line from
Vaddio LLC and Rob Sheeley of Minneapolis for $450,000, 50,000 shares of Photo
Control stock and the assumption of $70,000 of debt.

Insider trades: CNS Inc.: John Keppeler, vice president, bought 1,245 shares
Dec. 31 at $7.23 per share; amended filing; holds 31,947 shares. John Kundtz,
vice president, bought 996 shares Dec. 31 at $7.23 per share; amended filing;
holds 6,743 shares. Martha Morfitt, chief executive officer, bought 1,245 shares
Dec. 31 at $7.23 per share; amended filing; holds 86,859 shares. Carol Watzke,
vice president, bought 415 shares Dec. 31 at $7.23 per share; amended filing;
holds 934 shares.

August Technology Corp.: Roger Gower, director, sold 4,000 shares Dec. 31 at
$19.04-$19.35 per share; option related; and sold 26,000 shares Jan. 5 at
$19.00-$19.31 per share; option related; holdings unavailable.

Lawson Software Inc.: TA/Atlantic & Pacific LLC, shareholder, sold 5,812 shares
Dec. 31 at $8.37 per share; and sold 7,785 shares Jan. 2 at $8.41 per share;
holds 1,367,486 shares. TA Associates Inc., shareholder, sold 29,709 shares Dec.
31 at $8.37 per share; and sold 39,799 shares Jan. 2 at $8.41 per share; holds
6,990,574 shares. TA Executives Fund IV, shareholder, sold 186 shares Dec. 31 at
$8.37 per share; and sold 249 shares Jan. 2 at $8.41 per share; holds 43,763
shares. TA Investors LLC, shareholder, sold 465 shares Dec. 31 at $8.37 per
share; and sold 623 shares Jan. 2 at $8.41 per share; holds 109,399 shares. TA
IX LP, shareholder, sold 23,246 shares Dec. 31 at $8.37 per share; and sold
31,142 shares Jan. 2 at $8.41 per share; holds 5,469,926 shares.

Trading of company stock reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission,
according to Bloomberg News; holdings include only common shares owned and do
not include stock warrants or options.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                              May 29, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Far-sighted businessman wins Barb Tarbox award; Store owner halted tobacco sales
15 years ago

BYLINE: Kimberley Collins-Lauber, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: CITYPLUS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


Fyfe's Friendly Value Drug Mart in Barrhead stopped selling tobacco 15 years
ago, long before provincial legislation came into effect Jan. 1, 2009, that
prohibits the sale of tobacco products by pharmacies.

For their part in the fight against tobacco, shop owners Collin and Lorraine
Grant were among several Albertans who received a Barb Tarbox Award of
Excellence in Tobacco Reduction Thursday at the Delta Edmonton South.

Collin Grant said making the decision to discontinue the sale of tobacco
products was a big one because they were a major profit source. However, the
move made sense as they wanted to reposition themselves as a family enrichment
centre and health provider.

"If you're in a health-related business, how can you sell something that's not
preventative?" Grant said. "We decided to give it a try and see what would
happen."

There was some initial negative reaction, but it blew over when they explained
to customers why they made to decision to stop carrying tobacco, Grant said.

When tobacco sales in pharmacies became illegal, Grant said he received many
calls from shop owners who were concerned about the possible fallout of no
longer carrying tobacco products. "We told them it was going to be OK," he said.

Barrhead is 117 kilometres northwest of Edmonton.

The awards were created to honour the memory of Barb Tarbox, an anti-smoking
crusader who spoke to more than 50,000 students across Canada in the months
before she died of lung cancer in 2003. In her presentations, she warned
students about the dangers of smoking.

Her husband Pat and daughter Mackenzie were at the award ceremony, presenting
plaques to recipients. It was Mackenzie's third time attending the award
ceremony, and she said she is proud of the legacy her mom has created in the
campaign against smoking.

Watching a video presentation that chronicled her mom's last months was hard for
Mackenzie.

"I've seen it a few times, but it's difficult to hear her voice again and to see
her," she said.

According to Alberta Health Services, tobacco is the leading cause of
preventable illness and premature death in Alberta, and costs the economy more
than $1.8 billion a year. More than 3,000 Albertans die every year from
tobacco-related diseases.

Between 1999 and 2006, the rate of smokers decreased to 21 per cent from 26 per
cent, according to Statistics Canada.

Legislation unveiled on Tuesday could see the ban of advertisements in magazines
and newspapers.

Jennifer Duncan, of the Cancer Prevention Unit at Alberta Health Services, said
a loophole in the Federal Tobacco Act made it possible for publications to print
tobacco ads if 85 per cent of their readers are adults. But with all the free
weeklies circulating, it is impossible to determine who is reading them, she
said.

"They certainly couldn't demonstrate that 85 per cent of the readership of those
publications was adult," Duncan said. "The federal government has introduced a
bill that would eliminate that loophole."

kcollins-lauber@thejournal.canwest.com

WINNERS' CIRCLE

Winners of the 2009 Barb Tarbox Awards of Excellence in Tobacco Reduction:

- Business award: Fyfe's Friendly Value Drug Mart (Barrhead)

- Non-profit award: Lac La Biche Canadian Native Friendship Centre

- Individual: Diane Webster and Vi Madison (Camrose)

- Individual: Barbara Gitzel (Edmonton)

- Youth Recognition Award: Vauxhall Academy of Baseball (Vauxhall)

- Youth Scholarship: Kara Unruh (Vauxhall)

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Greg Southam, The Journal; Collin Grant and his daughter, Ayn, show their
Barb Tarbox award. Behind them is a poster of the late anti-smoking crusader
Barb Tarbox. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

The Journal Record Health Care Briefs: January 24, 2012

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1434  words


Brain radiation research reported OKLAHOMA CITY - New research reveals a
possible way to reverse the cognitive impairment that occurs in up to half of
brain tumor survivors. Whole brain radiation is the most common form of
treatment for metastatic tumors and those difficult to remove by surgery, but it
also damages healthy brain tissue by reducing blood vessel supply to the brain,
thereby impacting cognitive function. "Although the treatment is effective in
eliminating tumors, it also damages normal brain tissue," said William Sonntag,
director of the Reynolds Oklahoma Center on Aging at the University of Oklahoma
Health Sciences Center. "The damage to healthy brain cells has been found to
impact both memory and learning in a large percentage of brain tumor survivors,
but our research finds this damage may be reversed with hypoxia, a treatment
that reduces oxygen supply to the brain for a limited period of time. " Sonntag
and other researchers were able to determine when cognitive impairment begins
following whole brain radiation.

They found that progressive deterioration of spatial learning started about two
months post-radiation in laboratory research. However, treatment with chronic
hypoxia for about three weeks restored vasculature and produced significant
improvement in learning ability, which was maintained for at least two months
after returning to normal oxygen levels. While more study is needed, researchers
said the findings show that diminished learning and memory after radiation
therapy may be completely reversed by appropriate therapy. "The research
provides the proof-of-concept that radiation-induced cognitive impairment can be
reversed. Although we don't propose hypoxia as a treatment at this point, our
research is now focused on determining the specific mechanisms for the
restoration of cognitive function after hypoxia so we can develop an appropriate
therapy," Sonntag said. Sonntag is a professor in the Department of Geriatric
Medicine at the OU College of Medicine, the Donald W. Reynolds Chairman of Aging
Research and director of the Reynolds Oklahoma Center on Aging. The study was
funded through grants from the National Institutes of Health, the American Heart
Association and the OU Health Sciences Center GSA Research Grant program. The
results were published in the online journal PLoS ONE.

OSU Center for Rural Health distributes grants TULSA - The Oklahoma State
University Center for Rural Health is distributing 59 grants totaling $442,724
to rural hospitals in Oklahoma. The Small Hospital Improvement Program is for
small, rural hospitals that are access points for Medicare and Medicaid
beneficiaries. Each hospital was awarded $7,503.80 to offset costs related to
the implementation of prospective payment systems, improve data collection
activities to facilitate reporting to Hospital Compare, or support quality
improvement and care transitions activities. To qualify for the program,
hospitals must be small - 49 staffed beds or less - and rural. The Health
Resources and Services Administration at the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services provides money for the Small Hospital Improvement Program.

Data shows exercise can reduce medical costs TULSA - Blue Cross and Blue Shield
of Oklahoma has released data showing that people can reduce their medical costs
by exercising more regularly. The insurer reviewed medical claims for 5,000
participants of its Fitness Program and found that people who worked out at
least three times per week reduced their medical costs by an average of 44
percent. "Seventy-five percent of today's health care dollar is spent on the
treatment of chronic illnesses such as obesity," said Bert Marshall, Blue Cross
and Blue Shield of Oklahoma president. "We're trying to move that needle by
eliminating obstacles to exercise, providing easier access and offering
incentives. " Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma offers a Fitness Program to
members with discounts to a large network of brand-name fitness and workout
centers. Members pay a monthly fee of $25 and receive access to all fitness
facilities enrolled in the program.

Warn elected to national post OKLAHOMA CITY - Ann Acers Warn has been elected
vice chairwoman of the Council of the American Academy of Ophthalmology. She
will serve on the AAO's board of trustees. Warn was the first ophthalmologist to
practice in the Dean McGee Eye Institute's Lawton location when it opened in
1994. She has served as president of the Oklahoma Academy of Ophthalmology and
as president of the Oklahoma State Board of Health. Warn has a master of
business administration degree from Cameron University and is on the board of
directors of the Ophthalmic Mutual Insurance Co. She is an examiner for the
American Board of Ophthalmology. She also has served on the board of directors
of the Lawton-Fort Still Chamber of Commerce. Cynthia Bradford, a Dean McGee Eye
Institute comprehensive ophthalmologist and cataract surgeon, was re-elected to
a second three-year term as senior secretary for advocacy for the AAO. Bradford
joined the faculty at the Dean McGee Eye Institute/University of Oklahoma in
1987 and is a professor in the Department of Ophthalmology. She has served as
president of the Oklahoma Academy of Ophthalmology and as an examiner for the
American Board of Ophthalmology.

St. Anthony opens new campuses OKLAHOMA CITY - St. Anthony Hospital has opened
two 52,000-square-foot facilities - St. Anthony Healthplex East at Interstate 40
and Douglas Avenue and St. Anthony Healthplex South at Interstate 44 and SW
134th Street. Each facility includes free-standing emergency rooms. "Our
patients may confidently seek care in these facilities staffed with
board-certified physicians and highly qualified staff," said Chad Borin, St.
Anthony Emergency Services medical director. "They will receive the same level
of care as they would receive in the ER on our main campus. " The new facilities
offer outpatient services including a laboratory, diagnostic imaging, sleep
center and breast center. St. Anthony partnered with local developers David Neff
and Darin Miller on the project. Peter Petromilli, Miller Architects, served as
the project manager, and Flintco Construction Solutions was the general
contractor on the project. St. Anthony Hospital is a 686-bed nonprofit,
faith-based acute care hospital established in 1898.

Lytle joins OFMQ OKLAHOMA CITY - Glenn H. Lytle has joined the Oklahoma
Foundation for Medical Quality as medical director. Lytle has 30 years of
experience as a surgeon and family physician. He graduated from Princeton
University, earned his medical degree from University of Rochester School of
Medicine and completed his five-year surgical residency at Yale University.
Lytle taught surgery at Yale and was a professor of surgery with the University
of Oklahoma College of Medicine-Tulsa, where he also became the vice chairman of
the Department of Surgery. He was chief of general surgery for the Chickasaw
Nation hospital in Ada and had a family practice in Konawa.

Oklahoma Mission of Mercy set Feb. 3-4 MCALESTER - The third annual Oklahoma
Mission of Mercy is set Feb. 3-4 at the Southwest Expo Center in McAlester.
Dental professionals will provide services for free. Services will include
cleanings, fillings, extractions and anterior root canals. There will be no
eligibility or income requirements to be treated, and event organizers expect to
serve 2,000 children and adults on a first-come, first-served basis. "Last
year's success of caring for more than 2,200 attendees in Oklahoma City brings
hope for even greater outreach in our third year in my hometown of McAlester,"
said Doug Auld, chairman and Oklahoma Dental Association president. "Many
Oklahomans prioritize their needs and simply are not able to budget for proper
dental care. This event allows us to treat people who may otherwise continue to
put off a dental appointment until a toothache becomes unbearable and results in
infection or worse. " Like last year, money for the 2012 event is from the Delta
Dental of Oklahoma Oral Health Foundation, the event's co-sponsor;
contributions; and in-kind donations. Over the past 10 years, nearly 125,000
patients nationwide have received free dental care valued at more than $56
million through the national Mission of Mercy program. Oklahoma became the 15th
state in the nation to coordinate the annual event. The event is scheduled in
Lawton in 2013. The event is presented by the Oklahoma Dental Association, the
Delta Dental of Oklahoma Oral Health Foundation and the Oklahoma Dental
Foundation.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              June 22, 2007 Friday

HEALTH HAPPENINGS

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Contra Costa; Eastern Contra Costa; My Town

LENGTH: 1426 words


Announcement forms may be obtained by calling 925-779-7173 or e-mailing
shargis@cctimes.com .

ONGOING EVENTS

     ·    Hearing tests for seniors -- Seniors are eligible for a free full
          audiological exam or hearing aid evaluation. Also can receive up to a
          30 percent discount on hearing aids. Call 925-947-3300 or 925-674-2586
          for details.



     ·    Home Chore Registry Program: East County -- A program for seniors who
          need to hire someone to help with day-to-day tasks. For more
          information about this program in East County call 925-439-1202.


UnitedHealthcare Children's Foundation -- California parents with children in
need of medical services or equipment not fully covered by health insurance can
apply for a grant up to $5,000. For information: http://www.uhccf.org .

Power wheel chairs available -- Miracle on Wheels makes available electric power
wheelchairs to non-ambulatory senior citizens, 65 years-and older, and the
permanently disabled of any age. For information and qualifications:
1-800-749-8778, http://www.jaspanmedical.com . BLOOD DRIVES

American Red Cross Blood Drives -- 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com to
schedule appointment. June 29, noon-5 p.m. Regal Cinema, 4200 Lone Tree Way,
Antioch. Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . Use code: DEER.

July 6, 1-7 p.m. Resurrection Ministries, 1275 Fairview Ave., Brentwood.
Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . July 23, 1-6:30 p.m.
Church of Christ, 1020 E. Tregallas Road, Antioch. Appointments: 800-448-3543 or
http://www.beadonor.com . Use code: ANTIOCH.

July 30, 1-7 p.m. Sutter Delta Medical Center, 3901 Lone Tree Way, Antioch.
Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . Use code:
SUTTERDELTAANT. SUTTER DELTA CENTER


     ·    Sutter Delta Medical Center offers the following health events, 3901
          Lone Tree Way, Antioch:


Women's Health Center Tours, 1:30 or 7:30 p.m. first and third Mondays monthly.
925-779-7230.

"Calling It Quits": Smoking Cessation, Do you want to kick the habit of smoking?
Classes are scheduled as needed. For information, call 925-779-3570. Grief
Support, Available for adults and children. Call 925-779-3570 for a schedule of
meetings.

Lactation Services, The Women's Health Center has lactation consultants with
services available for outpatient appointment. 925-779-7200, Ext. 4206. Little
Helper Sibling Class, 6:30 p.m. July 11, Aug. 8. A one-session class to help
prepare children ages 3-8 for the new baby. Registration: 925-779-3570.

Keys to Living Well with Diabetes, 5-6:30 p.m. Begins Tuesday June 19. A
four-part series of classes to help people gain a better understanding about
diabetes. Caregivers and spouses welcome. Registration: 925-779-3570. Spousal
Loss Support Group, 2:30-4 p.m. Thursday through June 21. Fallman Education
Center. Reservations: 925-779-3686.

Parent-Infant Massage, introductory session 7-8 p.m. June 26. Three-series class
starts 6:30-8 p.m. July 10. $50 per family. Registration: 925-779-3570. Advanced
Healthcare Directive: Who will speak for you -- 10-11:30 a.m. June 27. This
document will allow you to appoint someone to speak on your behalf in the event
of a medical emergency. Learn more about the document by attending this free
seminar. Free. Registration: 925-779-3686.

Coping With Cardiac Risk Factors, 6-8 p.m. June 27. Learn about high blood
pressure, heart attack and strokes and what you can do to prevent them. Free.
Registration: 925-779-3686. Get Tough on Angina, 10 a.m.-noon June 28. This
class is designed to help those who have been diagnosed with stable angina.
Free. Registration: 925-779-3570.

JOHN MUIR MEDICAL CENTER, BRENTWOOD

     ·    Offers the following health events, 2400 Balfour Road, Brentwood:


New Parent Group, 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Lactation: First and third Mondays
facilitated by a board-certified lactation consultant. Other Mondays will be
focused topics and open discussion on various parenting issues. Registration:
925-941-7900, option 3, johnmuirhealth.com. JOHN MUIR HEALTH & FITNESS INSTITUTE


     ·    Offers the following health events, 2231 Galaxy Court, Concord:


Body fat testing, provides body composition screening. Fee is $25-50. Contact:
925-798-9401 for appointment.

One-on-one fitness evaluation, fee ranges from $90-150. Contact: 925-798-9401
for appointment. Personal exercise training prescription, receive a functional
and realistic exercise prescription by an experienced fitness specialist.
Contact: 925-798-9401 for fees and information.

JOHN MUIR WOMEN'S HEALTH CENTER

     ·    Offers the following health events, 1656 N. California Blvd., Walnut
          Creek:


Breast in the Best -- 10 a.m.-noon Wednesdays. This weekly drop-in class is for
breast feeding mothers to come for basic education about general feeding,
supplementing, pumping and storing. Free. Reservations: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com . Osteoporosis Exercise, 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays.
For anyone who has been diagnosed with osteoporosis. Free. Reservations:
925-941-7900 or http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Post Partum Depression/Anxiety Group, Get help with excessive worries about
yourself or your baby. Call 510-273-9548 for date, times and registration. First
Mondays for Women, Connect with other women on the first Monday of each month
and make new friends. Guest speakers, professional and personal support. $10 per
evening. Times and registration: 925-941-7900.

THE WELLNESS COMMUNITY

     ·    Offers the following health events, 3276 McNutt Avenue, Walnut Creek:


The Lebed Method: Focus on Healing through Exercise and Movement, 9:30-10:30
a.m. through July 26. Total body exercise set to music that will help you regain
and maintain range of motion after surgery. Registration: 925-933-0107. Radiant
Well-Being, 10 a.m.-12:30 p.m. June 23. A workshop for people who are finished
with cancer treatment and interested in discovering what the next step is.
Registration: 925-933-0107.

Bead Creative, 10 a.m.-noon June 30. Come and design your own jewelry using
stone, crystal and silver. Supplies provided. Registration: 925-933-0107.
Complementary Medicine and Cancer, 6-8 p.m. July 10. Learn natural remedies that
are safe and effective to use during and after cancer treatment. This workshop
will cover such topics as diet, nutritional supplements, exercise and herbal
medicines. Learn how these remedies can minimize side effects and maximize
efficacy of cancer treatment and support he immune system. Free for cancer
patients, their families and friends. Registration: 925-933-0107.

Newly Diagnosed Breast Cancer Workshop, 10:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. July 11-October 24
Wednesdays. This 16-week group is for women who have just been diagnosed and are
either in treatment or starting treatment. Guest medical experts will present
information to assist in understanding the disease. The group aspect assists you
in finding the tools for coping with the diagnosis and gaining the support of
others who share similar experiences. Free. Registration: 925-933-0107. Managing
Symptoms and Side Effects, 10 a.m.-noon July 21. Learn what you can do to feel
better during cancer treatment. Find out what you can do to save your strength,
manage fatigue and feel better. Learn ways to cope with the side effects of
chemotherapy and radiation such as fatigue, nausea and other symptoms. Free.
Registration: 925-933-0107.

African Drumming Circle, 4:30-5:30 p.m. July 26. Drumming has been shown to
boost immune system functions and metabolism. Join Patricia Frame and experience
this fun way to get "good vibrations." No rhythmic or musical ability is
required. For cancer patients, their families and friends. Free. Registration:
925-933-0107. Mindful Chi Kung, 10 a.m.- noon. July 28. Come and experience this
ancient practice to be aware of your body, increase your energy and help your
body and spirit to enhance health and strengthen the immune system. It is gentle
enough to be able to practice even during cancer treatment. For cancer patients,
their families and friends. Free. Registration 925-933-0107.

HEALTH CLASSES

     ·    Health and Fitness Institute of John Muir -- 2231 Galaxy Court,
          Concord, 925-798-9401, offers the following classes:


CPR and First Aid: American Heart Association infant, child and adult CPR
certification available. Course covers breathing, airway obstruction and CPR.
Fee $55. 925-798-9401. CPR for health care providers: American Heart Association
basic life support for health care providers. Certification course includes
rescue breathing, airway obstruction, one- and two-rescuer CPR and external
defibrillator. Cost: $80 for a two-year certification. For times, dates and
registration 925-798-9401.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             January 6, 2017 Friday
                                  Main Edition

BEST IN CLASS;
School honors helpers

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 453 words


Nesbit Elementary School in Gwinnett County recently hosted a breakfast for
Community Helpers. Two kindergarten classes at the school welcomed first
responders and other community leaders and enjoyed a breakfast with them. The
school hosted the event to thank guests for all they do to support the community
and school.

Gardening mentor honored for service

Master gardener Sandy Golden, a mentor to junior gardeners at Fayette County's
Robert J. Burch Elementary, won the community award sponsored by Kemp's Dalton
West Flooring for for the month of December. Golden spends hours at Burch
helping with the school's garden and teaching students from pre-kindergarten
through fifth grade about gardening and the benefits of eating fresh fruits and
vegetables. She has partnered with Burch to help the school build its own
community garden where students grow fruits and vegetables. The fruits and
vegetables grown in the garden include tomatoes, cucumbers, radishes, and a
variety of herbs.

Discovery High senior wins HBCU Scholarship

A Gwinnett County student is the latest recipient of a Delta Community & KISS
104 HBCU Scholarship. Joreal Eady, a 17-year-old senior at Discovery High
School, is considering a degree in health care management and has been accepted
to both Clark Atlanta University and Albany State University. In addition to
maintaining a rigorous academic schedule, she is active in many school and
community organizations.

Cherokee County students help the needy

Cherokee County students worked during the holiday season to help the needy.
Projects included the Giving Tree at BascombElementarySchool, where students and
staff donated gifts to fulfill the wish lists of students whose families are
struggling financially. Holly Springs ElementarySchoolSTEMAcademy students and
staff participated in a holiday canned food drive for MUST Ministries organized
by Malynda Wehunt, the school's cafeteria manager and president of the Cherokee
County School Nutrition Association. Wehunt, along with school nutrition
managers throughout the school district, is leading three food drives this
school year. Liberty Elementary School's third-grade AIM gifted program students
also led a holiday food drive for MUST Ministries and collected enough to feed
50 families. Carmel Elementary School's fourth grade organized a food drive, and
students collected more than 886 pounds of non-perishable food to distribute to
local families.

(Box)

CONNECT TO THE AJC'S EDUCATION NOTEBOOK Did your student or academic team win a
state, regional or national competition, award or a major scholarship?Are you a
teacher or administrator with an innovative classroom idea? Is your organization
offering scholarships? Send information to

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2017 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 19, 2014 Wednesday

Report: USDA rural development initiatives created 75,000 Jobs in 2013

BYLINE: Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1192 words


March 19--Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has issued a report highlighting the
impact of more than $33 billion in USDA investments to support rural businesses,
infrastructure and housing in 2013.

"This report tells the story of how USDA support has made a tremendous
difference in the lives of rural Americans," said Vilsack. "Our investments help
create jobs and opportunity for rural residents, provide affordable housing,
support modern infrastructure, and build essential community facilities. I am
proud of the role that USDA has played to grow rural economies and help make
rural America a place of opportunity, innovation and economic growth."

USDA Rural Development's $193 billion portfolio is making lasting investments in
rural communities. The report highlights several initiatives that are helping to
address persistent rural poverty, expand health care for Mississippi Delta
residents, and develop stronger partnerships between government, private-sector
and community-based organizations.

Since the start of the Obama Administration, USDA business programs have
provided more than 18,000 guaranteed loans, direct loans and grants to help more
than 74,000 businesses create or save more than 375,000 jobs. USDA is
increasingly becoming the lender of choice for many Native American tribes
throughout the country.

USDA programs support research into new energy sources and help protect the
environment. During the two last quarters of fiscal year 2013, USDA made
payments to operators of 56 anaerobic digesters that produced almost 173 million
kilowatt hours of electricity -- enough to power more than 17,000 homes
annually.

For example, Clover Hill Dairy in Campbellsport, Wis., received a $6,200 payment
through the Advanced Biofuel Payment Program to operate its anaerobic digester,
which was commissioned 2007. The digester produces 2.7 million kilowatt hours
(kWh) of energy per year. The dairy's herd provides the manure to produce
biogas, which fuels the generators that produce electricity. The excess
electricity is purchased by a local utility and delivered to customers.

USDA broadband infrastructure loans awarded in FY 2013 will result in new or
upgraded broadband service for about 120,000 rural households, businesses and
community institutions once the projects are completed. The Department also
continued to make great strides to bring distance learning and telemedicine
infrastructure to rural areas. In 2013, one-third of USDA's distance learning
grants went to rural areas where the minority population is 30 percent or
higher. Another third went to areas were poverty rates have been consistently
high over long periods. All of the awards went to rural areas where residents
lacked access to medical services.

Rural Development is a key player in the recovery of the nation's housing
market, particularly in rural areas. For many realtors, USDA Rural Development
loans account for most of their business. In 2013, nearly 163,000 rural families
became homeowners through loans from private lenders that were guaranteed by
USDA, and more than 7,000 families bought homes through direct loans from USDA.

USDA's homeownership program is complemented by assistance that helps rural
residents find affordable rental housing. Tenants pay no more than 30 percent of
their income on rent for decent, safe housing. Last year, USDA provided rental
assistance to nearly 280,000 rural residents. Including the residents who get
rental assistance, more than half a million rural Americans live in rental
housing financed or directly supported by USDA.

USDA's Rural Housing Service invested in more than 1,000 essential community
infrastructure projects with $1.4 billion in direct loans, guaranteed loans and
grants in Fiscal Year 2013.

In other areas, the report indicates that USDA's Rural Utilities Service helped
meet the power needs of 8.7 million rural customers last year by providing
nearly $5 billion in loans to electric utilities. These loans helped build and
expand transmission and distribution systems. During fiscal year 2013, USDA
helped bring new and improved electric infrastructure to more than 80,000 Native
Americans and Alaska Natives and invested a record amount -- $275 million -- on
infrastructure projects benefitting them.

One of the many examples of how USDA investments are helping rural businesses
and communities is the bio-based startup company Laurel Biocomposites, LLC, in
Laurel, Neb. USDA partnered with Security Bank in Laurel to provide a $5 million
loan guarantee that helped Laurel Biocomposites buy equipment and provide
working capital for its first year of operation. Today, the company is operating
one production line and is expected to begin full-scale production later this
year. When full-scale production begins, the company plans to double its work
force from seven currently to 13 to 15 workers on the plant floor.

The Wisconsin Food Hub Cooperative in Madison, Wis., is using a $150,000 USDA
Value Added Producer Grant to help start a regional fresh produce food hub and
packinghouse to improve producers' access to local wholesale markets. The hub
will create private-sector jobs and aggregate local produce sold under the
"Wisconsin Farmed" brand.

Eleven families in Reedley, Calif., became homeowners in 2013 after moving into
houses they jointly built through USDA's Mutual Self-Help Housing program. The
group worked with oversight from Self-Help Enterprises, a pioneer in the "Sweat
Equity" concept of homebuilding.

For additional information on Rural Development projects, visit Rural
Development's new interactive web map featuring program funding and success
stories for the past four fiscal years. The data can be found HERE.

To view the entire report, click on the link at the end of this story.

Here are Ohio's numbers:

Program FY 2009 -- 2013-- --   TOTALS   NUMBER OF  PROJECTS

Business and Industry Guarantee -- $235,771,307  86

Intermediary Relending Program  -- $2,709,000   6

Renewable Energy Loans and Grants  -- $51,573,032   335

Rural Business Enterprise Grants  -- $5,846,702    51

Rural Economic Development Loans and Grants  -- $300,000   1

Value-Added Producer Grants  -- $954,288    10

Single Family Housing Direct Loans  -- $189,214,526    1,740

Single Family Housing Guaranteed Loans  -- $2,287,713,125    21,919

Home Repair Loans and Grants  -- $7,266,854   1,501

Self-Help Housing Technical Assistance Grants  -- $1,361,030   3

Multi-Family Housing Direct Loans  -- $29,103,632    51

Multi-Family Housing Guaranteed Loans  -- $16,379,295    17

Rental Assistance  -- $105,509,916    1,330

Community Facility Direct Loans  -- $72,830,125    73

Community Facility Guaranteed Loans  -- $16,900,500   8

Community Facility Grants  -- $3,751,445   80

Water and Waste Direct Loans  -- $141,328,000    65

Water and Waste Guaranteed Loans  -- $11,000,000   2

Water and Waste Grants  -- $97,347,246   66

Telecommunications Loans and Grants (DLT)  -- $45,394,228   31

Electric Loans  -- $333,869,000   20

TOTAL  -- $3,656,123,251   27,395

___ (c)2014 the Norwalk Reflector (Norwalk, Ohio) Visit the Norwalk Reflector
(Norwalk, Ohio) at www.norwalkreflector.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140319-1NW-Report-USDA-rural-development-initiatives-created-75,000-Jobs-in-20
13-0319-20140319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NW


                     Copyright 2014 Norwalk Reflector, Ohio


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           September 26, 2008 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

(Business Bulletin Board)

BYLINE: COMPILED BY DENICE SANTANGELO

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 899 words


The Meadows Celebrates Grand Opening

An estimated 10,000 people took in the grand opening late last month of The
Meadows at Lake Saint Louis. Davis Street Land Co. opened the first phase of the
lifestyle center in St. Charles County. The first phase includes nearly 30
retailers and restaurants, including 12 opening their only stores in St. Charles
County, in addition to three making their Missouri debut.

---

AWARDS

The Better Business Bureau will recognize Graybar and its chairman, president
and CEO, Robert A. Reynolds Jr., at the BBB's annual TORCH Awards luncheon on
Oct. 16 for worldwide commitment to business ethics and customer satisfaction.

Jim Rosen of Pace Properties Inc. received the CI Instructor of the Year for a
"Financial Analysis for Commercial Investment Real Estate" course from the
Certified Commercial Investment Member Institute.

Gary W. Ott, a financial professional with AXA Advisors LLC in Chesterfield, has
been named the inaugural recipient of AXA Advisors' 2008 John Vita Partnership
Award.

BRANCHING OUT

Wamhoff Financial Planning & Accounting Services Inc. has opened a
3,100-square-foot office offering financial planning and accounting services at
400 North Fifth Street in St. Charles.

EXPANDING

The St. Louis Rams and Delaware North Companies Sportservice, the food service
provider at the Edward Jones Dome, announced that the dome now accepts credit
cards at nearly all point-of-sale locations.

RubinBrown has expanded into 12,700 square feet of new office space at 10975
Grandview Drive in Overland Park.

Lindenwood University has announced plans to renovate and expand Harmon Hall,
which will soon be the new home of the university's School of Business and
Entrepreneurship.

Verizon Wireless has activated three new cells sites in the metro area - in the
city of St. Louis, in mid-St. Louis County and South County.

HELPING OUT

Flooring Council of Greater St. Louis has donated $7,935 to the Boone Center
Inc., which employs more than 200 adults with disabilities in an assembly and
packaging plant.

U.S. Cellular and retired players from the St. Louis Cardinals presented a
$30,000 check to Beyond Housing, the nonprofit group that provides affordable
housing options and financial counseling.

St. Louis University's School for Professional Studies and commercial real
estate firm Colliers Turley Martin Tucker awarded six students the 2008 Real
Estate and Community Development Scholarship.

The St. Andrew's Charitable Foundation, the charitable arm of the St. Andrew's
Resources for Seniors System, announced it was the recent recipient of grants
totaling $15,000. They include grants from the St. Louis Philanthropic
Organization, the Herman T. and Phenie R. Pott Foundation and the Home Builders
Charitable Foundation.

The Delta Dental Health Theatre recently received a $2,500 Cardinals Care grant.
Young children visiting soon will be able to enjoy a vast selection of fun
inside the Cardinals Care Healthy Teeth Library.

NEW BUSINESS

Town and Country Crossing announced Five Guys Burgers and Fries will open its
first location in the St. Louis area.

Regency Office Products announced a customer loyalty program with HP. Under the
HP PurchasEdge program, customers can earn points for free products based on
customary supply purchases: www.regencyofficeproducts.com/qp1.asp.

Kohl's Department Stores celebrated the opening of its 1,000th store and 47
environmentally friendly stores this fall. The Alton store grand opening is
Wednesday:

o1770 Homer Adams ParkwayAlton, Ill., 62002

PROJECTS

BJC HealthCare has signed a lighting retrofit contract with St. Louis-based
Schaeffer Electric Co. Inc. that calls for Schaeffer to replace light fixtures,
lamps and ballasts in four parking garages and seven BJC-affiliated hospitals
and medical offices.

Custom Design Fence and Deck received a contract from Bauman Properties to
install fencing at Hillcrest Apartments in north St. Louis County.

Gray Design Group completed interior design services for KPFF Consulting
Engineers' new 14,000-square-foot office space in the Corporate Hill campus in
Des Peres.

Verizon Wireless activated a new cell site to improve the company's voice and
data network in the Belleville area.

KAI Design & Build will host a free seminar on Building Information Modeling,
entitled "Build Before You Build," on Oct. 28 at the Anheuser-Busch Conference
Center in Fenton.

RECOGNITION

St. Anthony's Medical Center has earned the highest level of accreditation as a
chest pain center by the Society of Chest Pain Centers.

Scottrade announced that it is ranked No. 51 on the 2008 InformationWeek 500,
which honors the nation's most innovative users of information technology.

A-Mrazek Moving Systems of Kirkwood was recognized as United Van Lines' Agent of
the Month for July.

Madison County Community Development awarded Community Housing Development
Organization status to Justine Petersen, a nonprofit group that helps build
assets for low- and moderate-income individuals.

Barnes-Jewish Hospital's ventricular assist device destination therapy program
has earned the Gold Seal of Approval for health care quality by the Joint
Commission, the nation's predominant standards setting and accrediting body in
health care.

---

To submit items: Business Bulletin Board, St. Louis Post-Dispatch 900 North
Tucker Boulevard St. Louis, Mo. 63101 E-mail: bizbulletin@post-dispatch.com
Phone: 314-340-8200 | Fax: 314-340-3060

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  PHOTO - The Meadows Celebrates Grand Opening

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 31, 2014 Saturday

Education alliance fails to land grant

BYLINE: Keith Reid, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 435 words


May 31--STOCKTON -- A regional consortium of educational agencies and business
groups has been denied a $13.6 million portion of the state's $250 million
Career Pathways Grant that it applied for in March.

State schools Superintendent Tom Torlakson announced 39 winners of grants
ranging from $600,000 to $15 million for consortia that had applied for the
money, which is designed for groups to bridge the gap between high school
graduates and the work force that they are being trained for.

The local consortium, which is called Career Pathways Alliance 2050, includes
leaders from the Stockton campus of California State University, Stanislaus,
Modesto Junior College, the San Joaquin County Office of Education, San Joaquin
Delta College, Columbia College, American River College, San Joaquin County,
Calaveras County and all of the region's K-12 school districts.

The group's grant application included a plan to create a pipeline that starts
in education and results in stronger regional industries -- specifically in San
Joaquin County's key economic drivers of agriculture, health care, information
and communication technologies, engineering and manufacturing,
hospitality/tourism/retail, and transportation/logistics.

Stockton Unified director of career and technical education Ward Andrus said the
Career Pathways Alliance 2050 believes that it filed a very strong application,
but that other groups in the state "must have been stronger."

"We followed the process and submitted our application on time. We didn't get
it," Andrus said. "The group did a great job coming together."

Andrus said the consortium will stay together to apply for future grants.

Torlakson said in a written statement that he will push for more Career Pathways
grant funding.

"The partnerships funded by these grants will bring real-world experience and
hands-on learning to our students, opening new bridges of opportunity from the
classroom to success in college and careers," Torlakson said in a written
statement. "The Career Pathways Trust is a much-needed investment that will
benefit our state's economy well into the future."

Several Valley groups did receive grants. The Sacramento County Office of
Education won a $15 million grant, and Elk Grove Unified received a $6 million
grant. Madera and Ceres unified school districts also each won $600,000 grants.

Contact reporter Keith Reid at (209) 546-8257 or kreid@recordnet.com Follow him
at www.recordnet.com/edublog and on Twitter @KReidme.

___ (c)2014 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140531-SK-Education-alliance-fails-to-land-grant-0531-20140531

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2014 The Record


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           February 3, 2005 Thursday

DEATHS

SECTION: OBITUARIES; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 440 words


Leta Beadles

BLOOMINGTON -- Leta Beadles, 101, died at 10:57 p.m. Tuesday (Feb. 1, 2005) at
Martin Health Care, Bloomington.

Leta Richardson Beadles of 2025 E. Lincoln St., Bloomington, was born Aug. 27,
1903, in Ellsworth, a daughter of William and Roxena Ross Richardson. She
attended schools in Ellsworth and graduated from Illinois Wesleyan University in
1925. She then taught science at Towanda High School.

On July 4, 1926, she married Dr. Wm. T. Beadles, who preceded her in death.
During their marriage, they were involved in many activities at Wesleyan, where
he began his lifelong career as an educator, specializing in insurance.

Her many hobbies included flower gardening, raising African violets, oil
painting, reading and family genealogy. She was secretary of the Philomathean
Reading Circle and a president of the Ariel Club.

As a member of Alpha Gamma Delta sorority's Xi chapter, she served as president,
originated and edited for many years their newsletter, the Buzzing Bee, and was
active in their Mother's Club. She was honored with their Arc of Epsilon Pi.
Mrs. Beadles was also a past president of City Panhellenic.

A longtime member of Wesley United Methodist Church, she had served in many
capacities, including chairmanship of the Hannah Circle. She was a past
president of the Franklin School and the Bloomington High School PTAs.

She had been active in the Bloomington Women's Club, the Garden Club and was a
past president of IWU's University Circle. She had served on the board, as
treasurer and as president of the Bloomington-Normal Art Association.

There are two children, Martha (Tilio) Giacobassi of Muskegon, Mich.; and Dr.
William R. (Nell) Beadles of Bloomington; as well as six grandchildren, Julie
Giacobassi (Dr. Zach) Hall, Michael (Beth) Giacobassi, Daniel Giacobassi, Jane
Giacobassi (Rick) Okada, David (Pam) Beadles and Margaret Beadles (Dan)
Deffenbaugh; her nine great-grandchildren, Genna and Cesira Giacobassi; Matthew
and Michael Deffenbaugh; Chelsea and Aubrey Beadles; and Mario, Dante and Gina
Giacobassi; and her great-great-grandchild, Hayden Blaze Giacobassi Ambler.

Her sister, Alla Richardson Hyndman of Ellsworth, preceded her in death.

The family requests that memorials be given in her name to Wesley United
Methodist Church, Bloomington, or Illinois Wesleyan Wm. T. and Leta Beadles
Scholarship Fund.

A graveside service will be at 1 p.m. Friday at Ashland Cemetery, Ashland. A
memorial service will be 11 a.m. Saturday at Wesley United Methodist Church,
Bloomington, the Rev. Vaughn Hoffman officiating. Kibler-Smith Memorial Home,
Bloomington, is in charge of arrangements.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Leta Beadles

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Washington: FACT SHEET: 10 Communities Named Rural IMPACT Demonstration Sites

LENGTH: 1359 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



  Over six million Americans in rural areas live in poverty, including about 1.5
million children. And in many of these communities, high rates of poverty have
persisted for generations: over 300 rural counties have had poverty rates of
over 20 percent in every Census since 1980. As President Obama has stated, "A
child's course in life should be determined not by the ZIP code she's born in,
but by the strength of her work ethic and the scope of her dreams." In many
rural places, that ZIP code equates to decreased access to critical services,
fewer educational opportunities, and limited job choices.





 President Obama has supported programs and strategies that respond to these
challenges to better serve rural kids and families. As a result of historic
investments in telehealth, for example, a rural family can access a world-class
specialist from their small-town clinic; and with evidence-based home visiting,
a young mother without reliable transportation can benefit from the advice and
support of a nurse without even leaving home. Further, through efforts like the
Promise Zones Initiative, the Administration has engaged in place-based efforts
that support community-driven approaches to improve quality of life and upward
mobility.



 Recognizing that every child, no matter where she is born, should have an
opportunity to succeed, in April the White House Rural Council launched " Rural
Impact", a cross-agency effort to combat poverty and improve upward mobility in
rural and tribal places. And in August, HHS announced a new demonstration
project, Rural Integration Models for Parents and Children to Thrive (IMPACT),
to help communities adopt a two-generation approach to addressing the needs of
both vulnerable children and their parents, with the goal of increasing parents'
employment and education and improving the health and well-being of their
children and families. Often, programs are structured to serve either adults or
children, rather than focusing on the entire family to improve outcomes. The
Rural IMPACT Demonstration will help communities adopt a comprehensive,
whole-family framework for addressing child poverty, such as through
facilitating physical colocation of services, universal "no wrong door" intake,
referral networks, shared measurement systems, and use of technology to deliver
services.



 Following a process led by HHS that included communities submitting letters of
interest to participate in the Demonstration, today the Administration is
announcing 10 rural and tribal communities from across the country that will
participate in the Rural IMPACT Demonstration:



     Berea (KY), Partners for Education at Berea College (Serving Knox County,
KY)

     Blanding (UT), The San Juan Foundation (Serving San Juan County, UT)

     Blytheville (AR), Mississippi County, Arkansas Economic Opportunity
Commission, Inc. (Serving Mississippi County, AR)

     Hillsboro (OH), Highland County Community Action Organization, Inc.
(Serving Highland County, OH)

     Hugo (OK), Little Dixie Community Action Agency, Inc. (Serving Choctaw,
McCurtain and Pushmataha Counties)

     Jackson (MS), Friends of Children of Mississippi, Inc. (Serving Issaquena,
Sharkey and Humphreys Counties, MS)

     Machias (ME), Community Caring Collaborative (Serving Washington County,
ME)

     Marshalltown (IA), Mid-Iowa Community Action, Inc. (Serving Marshalltown,
IA)

     Oakland (MD), Garrett County Community Action Committee and the Allegany
Human Resources Commission (Serving Garrett and Allegany Counties, MD)

     White Earth (MN), White Earth Reservation Tribal Council (Serving Mahnomen
County and portions of Clearwater and Becker Counties)



 The Demonstration will be administered by HHS with support from the Community
Action Partnership and the American Academy of Pediatrics and implemented in
collaboration with the U.S. Departments of Agriculture, Education, and Labor,
Appalachian Regional Commission, Delta Regional Authority, and the Corporation
for National and Community Service (CNCS).



 Demonstration communities will receive:



     A six-month planning period with targeted technical assistance (TA) to help
communities link programs and services;

     At least six months of additional TA to begin the implementation period,
during which sites will work to address system, policy, and program changes
targeting alleviation of child poverty;

     Partnership with CNCS to develop projects to place AmeriCorps VISTA
volunteers, helping local partners develop new or enhance existing antipoverty
programming, map community assets, and help build local community capacity;

     Participation in a peer learning network to facilitate the sharing of best
practices among sites facing similar opportunities and challenges; and

     Support from a federal interagency team to identify and address barriers to
cross-programmatic work.



 Leaders in two-generation strategies



 The Obama Administration recognizes several philanthropic and nonprofit
organizations that have been thought leaders in developing and implementing
two-generation strategies to program and service delivery. These organizations
stand at the forefront of efforts to tackle rural poverty through a
comprehensive, integrated approach, and the Administration looks forward to
creating opportunities to align its work through the Rural IMPACT Demonstration
with their networks and expertise.



     Casey Family Programs is the nation's largest operating foundation focused
on safely reducing the need for foster care by building Communities of Hope for
children and families across America.

     The Annie E. Casey Foundation is a private philanthropy that creates a
brighter future for the nation's children by developing solutions to strengthen
families, build paths to economic opportunity and transform struggling
communities into safer and healthier places to live, work and grow.

     Ascend at the Aspen Institute is the hub for breakthrough ideas and
collaborations that move children and their parents toward educational success
and economic security.



 The Obama Administration also recognizes the following organizations that have
longstanding engagements with Rural IMPACT Demonstration sites and will continue
their efforts in these communities.



     The Maine-based John T. Gorman Foundation is supporting the planning phase
of the Family Futures Downeast initiative in Machias, Maine, one of the Rural
IMPACT Demonstration sites. As part of its ongoing engagement with the project,
the Foundation today announced a $100,000 grant that will allow the initiative
to hire a Director and move forward with critical start-up activities.

     The Winthrop Rockefeller Foundation will continue its multiyear effort in
Mississippi County, providing grant investment and technical assistance to
support resident engagement, affordable housing, early childhood education, and
asset building services to strengthen the two-generation approach of the
Mississippi County Arkansas Economic Opportunity Commission, a Rural IMPACT
Demonstration site in the Arkansas Delta.



 Rural Child Poverty Telehealth Grants



 Today the Federal Office of Rural Health Policy at HHS is also announcing
funding for a new pilot program, the Rural Child Poverty Telehealth Network
Grant Program. This program will fund telehealth technology to link rural
children and their families to health and human services that may not be
available locally. Total funding of $3.9 million over three years will support
four communities using telehealth beyond the clinical health care setting to
meet the broader range of social service needs faced by rural kids and their
families who may be experiencing poverty.



 The communities receiving funding are:



     Georgia Partnership for Telehealth (Waycross, GA)

     Oglala Sioux Tribe of Pine Ridge Reservation (Pine Ridge, SD)

     University of Kansas Medical Center Research Institute (Kansas City, KS)

     University of New Mexico (Albuquerque, NM)



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 27, 2016 Wednesday

MCHD report continues to point to successful year

BYLINE: Lorna Hart, The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1544 words


April 27--Editor's note: This is Part 2 of three in a series of reports from the
Meigs County Health Department.

POMEROY -- The Meigs County Health Department released its annual report, with a
long list of milestones and achievements in 2015.

Part one of three was published in The Daily Sentinel on Tuesday.

Angela Rosier is coordinator of Children with Medical Handicaps (previously
known as BCMH), for the Meigs County Health Department. CMH is a comprehensive
health care program funded in part by the Ohio Department of Health. The program
connects families of children 0-21 years of age with quality providers and
assists families in obtaining coverage for medical costs related to an eligible
condition.

CMH joined with Family and Children First Council's program titled Intersystems
Service Coordination. The two groups met monthly and collaborated on cases to
meet individualized goals, provide transportation assistance and help with
service coordination. As a result, CMH was able to assist and collaborate with
seven families in need.

Rosier shared one of their success stories: "Donald has a chronic and
debilitating condition. Upon meeting him for the first time, his caregivers were
struggling to provide care. Several agencies had ceased their services. Family
members were left to provide around the clock care for Donald. Although happy to
spend time with their loved one, the lack of equipment and his size made care
difficult. The family had applied for waiver services and spoken with area
schools about services, without success. Following a CMH visit, a referral to
intersystem's coordinator Brooke Pauley was immediately submitted on his behalf
in an effort to address his need for additional resources and assistance.
Through collaborations with Job and Family Services, the Board of Developmental
Disabilities and several resources within the waiver program itself, Donald was
approved for a Medicaid waiver. The family is now provided with several hours of
nursing care every week along with needed equipment for his care."

It was reported the family, despite some stressful situations, have been doing
very well. WOUB, a public TV station in Athens, released a story on the family
that can be accessed at
http://woub.org/2016/01/30/a-familys-struggle-against-time.

The CMH program has completed several community outreach projects that include
monthly meetings, social media and newspaper articles, distribution of
informational materials to schools, education activities at community events and
coordinated the placement of several billboards regarding the program.

A $25,000 grant from the Osteopathic Heritage Foundation for program support was
used to provide 25 home visits and three Individual Education Program (IEP). CMH
currently has 55 patients in the program: 41 children were active, seven in in
the diagnostic phase and six service coordination programs.

Public health nursing statistics for Meigs County were provided by Leanne
Cunningham, director of nursing for the Public Health Nursing program.

She reported 109,853 immunizations given. The group arranged three in-house
immunization clinics and outreach flu shot clinics at each of the three schools
in the Meigs district.

Fifty hepatitis C, 10 HIV, 15 pregnancy tests and two lead hemoglobin tests were
given.

Three head lice screenings were conducted and vision assistance was provided for
three children and two adults.

The Reproductive Health and Wellness Clinics saw 155 patients: 58 were new
clients added to the program. Twenty-three clinics were held and provided 123
blood pressure checks, 99 breast exams, 66 PAP tests,115 body mass index
screenings, 174 DepoProvera shots and 103 other birth control were issued. Seven
exams were given to males.

Project DAWN (Deaths Avoided with Naloxone) is a community-based overdose
education and naloxone distribution program. Seven Project DAWN participants
received training on recognizing the signs and symptoms of overdose. They were
also taught to distinguish between different types of overdoses, to performing
rescue breathing, calling emergency medical services and administering
intra-nasal Naloxone.

The 2015 Ohio Disease Reporting System communicated the following cases in Meigs
County: 14 Campylobacertosts, 35 chlamydia infection, one coccidioidomycosis,
two gonococcal infection, one hepatitis B (including delta), acute, 14 hepatitis
B (including delta), chronic, one hepatitis C, acute, 72 cases hepatitis C,
chronic, two influenza ODH lab results, seven influenza with associated
hospitalization, one legionellosis, Legionnaires' disease, one meningitis,
aseptic/viral, four cases of salmonellosis, one streptococcus pneumoniae,with
invasive antibiotic resistant/intermediate.

Registered Sanitarian Steve Swatzel is Director of Environmental Health
Sanitarian (EHS) for Meigs County. He, along with staff member Coleen Murphy
Smith, also an RS, proclaimed successful for spring and fall clean up days.

In collaboration with Ohio EPA, Meigs Soil and Water Office and the county
commissioners,"Clean Up Day(s)"were held in May and September. Residents were
provided with an opportunity to bring of a variety of trash, including many
items that are difficult for the average household to dispose of, to the
fairgrounds.

The group reported recycling totals of 48.9 tons of solid waste, 3661 scrap
tires, 8.6 tons of scrap metal and 340 electronics with the help of 90
volunteers from the community, churches, schools and other government offices.

EHS participated in the Ohio River Medical Mission last June by staffing the
support operations of the veterinary services. During the 10-day mission, EHS
completed over 250 work hours and coordinated over 60 volunteers. Their report
shows 986 dogs and cats were examined, 950 were vaccinated for rabies and
distemper and 97 were spayed or neutered.

EHS is also reported on enviromental health activities: 59 rabies/animal bite
were investigated. Of those 59, there were 40 dogs, 16 cats and 1 raccoon. Two
specimens were tested for the disease.

Twenty public school health and safety inspections were made, four mobile home
parks were inspected, along with three tattoo and body piercing operations and
two of unlicensed operators known as "scratchers."

Twelve complaints of indoor mold were investigated, including seven statements
of conditions provided in landlord/tenant disputes.

ESH recycled 500 scrap tires for the Meigs Soil and Water litter crew. They
investigated 20 solid waste nuisance complaints, and 80 percent were abated.
Twenty inspections of solid waste disposal facilities were completed and 28
garbage trucks registered and inspected. The agency also inspected infectious
waste large generators and reported 140,000 gallons of septage were pumped by by
septage haulers in 2015.

The group traveled over 5,800 miles to liscence one hundred and 40 four food
services and retail food establishments, inspect 328 sewage treatment systems,
provide 65 site reviews, issue 57 installation permits and give130 inspections
of new and existing systems.

Frank Gorscak is the coordinator of Public Health Emergency Preparedness, a
federal grant administered through the Ohio Department of Health. The goal of
PHEP is to coordinate and better prepare various county agencies in the event of
bio-terrorism orother public health emergencies.

Using various aspects of the MCHD Emergency Operations Plans and Meigs Medical
Reserve Corps Volunteer Plan, PHEP planned and carried out the Ohio River
Medical Mission. The mission took place at Meigs High School and Meigs
fairgrounds, and serviced medical needs of over 2,000 people and 900 pets in
collaboration with Buckeye Hills and the U.S. Army Reserves as a training
exercise.

A Point of Dispensing Plan was used to carry out three outreach flu vaccination
clinics at the three county high schools: Southern, Eastern and Meigs. Meigs MRC
volunteers were successfully utilized by the clinics.

Public information officer skills used Facebook and Twitter accounts to alert
county partners and citizens of happenings in the health department.

They received $25,000 of addidional funding to enable them to add an ebola and
Class A Reportable Infectious Disease plan.

Tabletop Exercises were designed and then carried out with the Meigs Local
Emergency Planning Committee on hazardous materials. A similar ebola exercise
was held in conjunction with the Ohio Hospital Association and South Central
Ohio Public Health to test public health skills in the aftermath of an
earthquake.

PHEP participated in the Gallia-Meigs Regional Healthcare Coalition.

Training was received by staff members on the proper personal protective
equipment and the wearing of PPE in ebola situations and effective use of
Twitter and Facebook as communications media.

A FEMA certification was also received by the staff for active shooter
situations.

Part three of the report will be published in the April 28 edition of The Daily
Sentinel, and will highlight "Get Healthy Meigs" and the ongoing required
certification process by the Meigs County Health Department.

Contact Lorna Hart at 740-992-2155 Ext. 2551

___ (c)2016 The Daily Sentinel (Pomeroy, Ohio) Visit The Daily Sentinel
(Pomeroy, Ohio) at www.mydailysentinel.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160427-UO-MCHD-report-continues-to-point-to-successful-year-0427-20160427

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UO


                Copyright 2016 The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               The Valley News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

Consultants prescribe rigorous financial regimen for Arnold

BYLINE: Liz Hayes, The Valley News-Dispatch, Tarentum, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1007 words


July 10--Arnold's financial consultants on Wednesday presented an array of
short-term options and long-term considerations for keeping the city solvent.

The immediate need is balancing the city's $4.4 million budget, which is
projected to continue running at a deficit if no changes are made, according to
Deborah Grass, project manager with the Delta Development Group.

"It's a simple math problem," Grass said. "There's not enough revenue to support
the operation."

Grass said increasing revenue is not as simple as raising property taxes, which
she noted already are high at 43.5 mills.

Other challenges to increasing revenue include:

--$1.2 million drop in the assessed value of property in Arnold from 2009 to
2012;

--Housing values that are about half the county's average;

--34 percent of residents living in poverty;

--And about 20 percent of the population being past retirement age.

One opportunity is to raise the earned income tax levy slightly, perhaps from 1
percent to 1.3 percent, to specifically fund city employee pensions.

While taxes are never popular, Grass said a wage tax increase usually is more
palatable because it only affects people who have an income, unlike property
taxes, which also impact retirees and the unemployed.

Susan Trout, a financial consultant with Delta, estimated the wage tax increase
could raise $215,000 annually.

Other revenue boosters

Trout also suggested the city consider hiring an outside collection agency to go
after delinquent taxes and sewer and garbage fees. She said Arnold's rate of
collecting delinquent taxes dips as low as 85 percent; a standard rate of
collection is closer to 95 percent.

She also recommended collecting a deed transfer tax, something Arnold doesn't do
now, and increasing the fee on mechanical devices such as poker machines.

The latter suggestions combined could bring in nearly $100,000 per year, she
said.

Finally, Trout said council needs to move forward with renegotiating repayment
of money owed from a 2012 tax anticipation loan. Council previously negotiated a
new payment plan with the bank, but a balloon payment of $635,000 is due this
October -- money the city doesn't have.

"There is an immediate crisis that must be addressed this year," Trout said.
"You're going to run out of money."

Councilman Dave Horvat said the city is working to restructure the loan over at
least five years.

Mayor Larry Milito said council also is seriously considering the earned income
tax hike and other suggestions.

Long-term recommendations

Delta also presented a host of long-term suggestions that could save money,
increase efficiency, modernize equipment and procedures, or improve planning.

Trout suggested improving financial management and working with employees to
reduce costs.

Grass offered many recommendations for improving overall city management,
planning for the future and seeking community development opportunities.

She noted financially strapped communities often resist planning for capital
improvements, recreation programming and redevelopment because they don't think
they can afford it. But grants and other funding opportunities only come to
those who seek it.

"If you don't have a plan, you won't be able to fund it," she said.

That was music to the ears of resident Marcus Houser, who said he'd like to see
tax credits and other incentives used to encourage people to move to Arnold, fix
up properties and engage the youth.

Police consultant Tom Ogden's suggestions for the police department included
considering sharing more services with New Kensington; working with the union in
future contracts to reduce post-retirement health care benefits and use
part-time officers to reduce overtime costs; and updating several systems and
policies.

Chief Willie Weber said he approached Lower Burrell, New Kensington and Upper
Burrell a few years ago about entering a free regionalization study, but
received no support.

Grass acknowledged communities often resist the specter of mergers. Rather than
approaching it as a full-out consolidation, she suggested "baby steps" by
meeting regularly with nearby departments and looking at specific services or
equipment to share.

Finally, Delta's Dave Soboslay, a former Allegheny Township manager, offered
suggestions for upgrading technology and streamlining practices in the public
works department. He advised the city to continue consideration of outsourcing
garbage collection, as well as sharing services with other communities.

Grass said Delta, which the city hired through the state Department of Community
and Economic Development's Early Intervention Program for financially distressed
communities, would continue to help council prioritize the suggestions.

"No one can implement 80 things," Grass said. "You have to pick your
priorities."

Michael Foreman with the DCED said the department would work with Arnold to seek
funding for implementation of items such as technology, record-keeping, capital
improvements and regionalization.

"We want to be a partner with the city going forward," he said. "The City of
Arnold is at a point in its history where it can go either way. It could fall
off the precipice, or it could ... come back as a stronger community."

Mayor seeks participation

Milito said he suspects council will implement many of Delta's suggestions.

He said he is committed to Arnold's rebirth, but he questioned how much support
city officials have from residents.

He noted that of the city's 5,200 residents, only about 35 attended Wednesday's
presentation -- and about half of the attendees were either elected officials or
city employees.

"What can you bring to your community for positive growth?" he asked. "This is
about our future. This has been a great opportunity for us to turn around our
community.

"We're not going to let it die," Milito said.

Liz Hayes is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. She can be reached at
724-226-4680 or lhayes@tribweb.com

___ (c)2014 The Valley News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pa.) Visit The Valley
News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pa.) at www.triblive.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140710-TV-Consultants-prescribe-rigorous-financial-regimen-for-Arnold-0710-201
40710

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TV


                    Copyright 2014 The Valley News-Dispatch


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  February 11, 1998, Wednesday, Final Edition

DIGEST

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. C12; DIGEST

LENGTH: 930 words


The FBI investigation of Columbia/HCA Healthcare in El Paso has been exploring
"the falsifying of records and reports submitted to the Joint Commission on
Accreditation of Health Care Organizations," which accredits hospitals,
according to an FBI affidavit used to support searches of Columbia facilities
last year. Additional portions of the July 1997 affidavit were disclosed
yesterday under court order. A spokesman for the hospital chain declined to
comment on the allegation.

United Airlines said it was eliminating an unpopular restriction to some
frequent-flier awards, just over a month after implementing it. The decision to
discontinue the Saturday night stay requirement for travelers using "Saver
Awards" came after customers complained about the restriction.

The U.S. Treasury sold $ 13.023 billion of its three-year notes yesterday at an
average yield of 5.414 percent, the lowest in two years. At the Nov. 4 auction,
the notes yielded 5.762 percent. Demand was healthy, judging by the bid-cover
ratio of 2.53, which gauges demand by comparing bids to securities sold at the
opening day of the government's quarterly auctions of notes and bonds.

A bill to protect children from sexually explicit materials on the Internet at
school and in the library was introduced by Senate Commerce Committee Chairman
John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Sen. Ernest F. Hollings (D-S.C.). The legislation
would force schools and libraries to filter or block access to some Internet
sites in order to qualify for billions of dollars of federal subsidies aimed at
bringing more computers into classrooms and libraries.

A federal judge has dismissed the lawsuit of a former Archer Daniels Midland
executive who accused an FBI agent of misconduct while they worked together on a
price-fixing investigation. The civil lawsuit was dismissed with prejudice, as
former ADM executive Mark E. Whitacre had requested last month. Therefore,
Whitacre won't be allowed to refile the accusations against Brian Shepard, an
agent in the FBI's Decatur, Ill., office.

Eastman Kodak said it will stop making computer data-storage hardware and disks
as part of an ongoing move to shed businesses and cut costs to boost profit.

Four U.S. airlines stepped up to the plate to take advantage of a new
market-opening U.S.-Japan aviation agreement. American Airlines, Delta Air
Lines, US Airways and TWA all filed requests with the Department of
Transportation for permission to offer new service to Japan. The pact is
expected to lead to the largest increase ever in passenger and cargo flights
between the two nations.

EARNINGS

American International Group said fourth-quarter net income, which included $
13.8 million of gains on investment sales, was $ 884.6 million, 15 percent above
profit a year ago when gains on investment sales amounted to $ 10.3 million.
Gains from financial services offset slower growth in premiums caused by
plunging Asian currencies, the company said.

Applied Materials reported first-quarter earnings that beat analysts'
expectations, yet it warned that falling prices for memory chips and the
economic turmoil in Asia will hurt results in the next few quarters. The world's
largest maker of equipment used to manufacture computer chips said profit from
operations for the three months ended Jan. 25 rose to $ 197.8 million, or 52
cents a share, up from $ 89.1 million a year ago. Analysts had expected earnings
of 50 cents a share, according to the average estimate by IBES International.

Time Warner reported a fourth-quarter profit of $ 247 million, helped by a
pretax gain of $ 200 million, as it cut costs and a strong economy boosted cable
television and magazine advertising.

LOCAL BUSINESS

Cel-Sci of Alexandria reported a loss of $ 1.6 million for the fiscal first
quarter ended Dec. 31, compared with a loss of $ 1.2 million for the same period
a year ago. The company, which develops therapies to treat cancer and infectious
diseases including AIDS, reported higher administrative as well as research and
development costs.

HealthCare Financial Partners, a Chevy Chase finance company that caters to the
health care industry, said its fourth-quarter earnings were $ 3 million, triple
those of the previous year. For the year, profit grew 167 percent, to $ 8
million.

Sarnia of Springfield reported earnings of $ 37,000 in its fiscal second
quarter, compared with earnings of $ 10,000 a year ago. The real estate
management company attributed the stronger performance to higher rents and
occupancy rates at its properties.

Versar of Springfield reported earnings of $ 350,000 for the fiscal second
quarter, compared with earnings of $ 391,000 in the same period last year. The
professional services firm incurred $ 345,000 in charges for project reserves
and the sale of a unit.

Oncor, a Gaithersburg biotechnology company, said a patent held by Vysis, an
Illinois genomic disease management firm, is "invalid and unenforceable." Vysis
has sued Oncor for infringing on its patent for a technology for determining
many types of chromosome anomalies. On Monday, Vysis had said that Oncor, in a
recent letter to the federal court handling the case, conceded that "every Oncor
product Vysis has accused of infringement in fact does infringe" the patent.
Yesterday, Oncor issued a news release saying that "an invalid patent cannot be
infringed." The suit is set to go to trial in April.

Host Marriott of Bethesda said it acquired a controlling interest in the Atlanta
Marriott Marquis Hotel with a $ 75 million investment.


LOAD-DATE: February 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart, krt graphics, HMOs ENROLLMENT AND GROWTH RATE (This chart was
not available)

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 25, 2014 Tuesday

BRIEF: Application assistance available

BYLINE: The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 141 words


March 25--The Emergency Food Bank and Family services provide free pre-screening
and application assistance to individuals in need from 8 a.m. to 2:30 p.m.
Mon.-Fri. at 7 W. Scotts Ave.; 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. the first Wednesday of each
month at Manteca Work Net, 302 Northgate Drive; from 9 a.m. to noon the second
Tuesday of each month at Delta Health Care WIC, 4662 Precissi Lane, Suite #500
in Stockton; and 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. the last Wednesday of each month at Tracy
Interfaith Ministries, 322 W. Grant Line Road.

Please bring a photo I.D., Social Security number, proof of income for past 30
days, proof of housing and utility expenses.

Information: Maria Venegas (209) 464-7369 or mvenegas@stocktonfoodbank.org

___ (c)2014 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140325-SK-BRF-Application-assistance-available-0325-20140325

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2014 The Record


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

               October 24, 1999, Sunday, EARLY AND CITY EDITIONS

SECTION: LOCAL, Pg. 46, PEOPLE IN THE NEWS

LENGTH: 1291 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


KENDRA DEROSA OF WILLIAMSVILLE made the dean's list with a 4.0 grade point
average at Western Illinois University.

She has completed her internship with Conservation Law Enforcement and will be
graduating in May.

DeRosa is the daughter of Joe and Janet DeRosa and a graduate of Williamsville
High School.

CHARLENE KOELLING of Petersburg was recently selected for the Land of Lincoln
Quilt Guild Hall of Fame at its annual meeting.  Koelling has more than 30 years
experience in promoting, teaching and researching quilts.

FARMINGDALE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL announces its 1999 Summer Reading Challenge
winners.  Casey George, a fourth-grade student, was the top overall reader
having read 8,485 minutes during the summer.  Other grade level winners
included: Cale George, first grade, 2,905 minutes; Sam Flessner, second grade,
2,093 minutes; and Yvette Nuttall, third grade, 3,410 minutes.

KIMBERLY BAXTER OF PAWNEE and Alexa Colby of Springfield are summer graduates of
Iowa State University.

TWO CHILDREN OF FRANK AND BARBARA BURASKI were recently honored.

HEATHER BURASKI, a 1996 graduate of Sacred Heart-Griffin High School, has been
elected president of the University of South Florida's chapter of the Tau Beta
Pi national engineering society.  She received a Julian W. Silliman Memorial
Scholarship in the amount of $ 1,000 when she was recognized at the Heart of
Gold Scholarship Recognition Reception.  She has been on the dean's list for all
seven semesters and is also a member of the Women's Golf Team at the university.

JASON BURASKI, a sophomore at the University of South Florida, has accepted
membership in the National Society of Collegiate Scholars, the honor society for
high-achieving freshmen and sophomores.  He made the dean's list at USF, where
he is majoring in pre-medical sciences.  He is a member of the Honors Program
and Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity.  He is a 1998 graduate of SHG.

RECIPIENTS OF THE LAND OF LINCOLN RETIRED TEACHERS SCHOLARSHIPS for 1999 are:
Frank Eric Szoke, son of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Szoke of Auburn; and T.J. Jumper,
son of Mr. and Mrs. James Jumper of Springfield.

Szoke is a senior at Eastern Illinois University, where he is majoring in
elementary education.

Jumper is a senior at the University of Illinois, where he is majoring in social
studies.

MONICA PATEL, daughter of Kailesh Patel, an associate of Express Personnel
Services, has been awarded a $ 1,000 scholarship by the international staffing
firm.

STEPHEN FELDMAN, son of Howard and Beryl Feldman of Springfield, graduated in
May from Washington University.  Feldman, who had a double major in economics
and finance, is a 1995 graduate of Springfield High School.

He graduated summa cum laude from the John M. Olin School of Business and the
College of Arts and Sciences.  He was awarded the Delta Sigma Pi Scholarship
Key, Omicron Delta Kappa Foundation Scholarship, John M. Olin School of Business
Dean's Scholarship and was a member of Omicron Delta Epsilon Economics Honor
Society.

His activities included Student Life (student newspaper) associate editor; Sigma
Nu Fraternity, vice president; John M. Olin School of Business, teaching
assistant; Omicron Delta Kappa Leadership Honorary, president; and Student
Admission Committee.

He is now attending The Law School at the University of Chicago.

ILLINOIS STATE UNIVERSITY summer graduates include Chandrasheka Balakrishnan,
Terri Hauter and Darrick Reiley, all of Lincoln.

MASTER JOHN GEYSTON, president and head instructor of Progressive Kenpo, was
awarded USA National Instructor of the Year by World Family Sokeship Council and
the Hall of Fame.

This nomination was Geyston's fourth Hall of Fame induction.

Geyston also has been selected as one of 36 leading martial artists in the
country to be displayed by the Action Martial Art Player Card Set.

MATTHEW HAMANN of Springfield, a 1995 graduate of Sacred Heart-Griffin High
School, recently graduated from Valparaiso University.

SARA RAY, a 1999 graduate of Pleasant Plains High School, was recently accepted
into the Freshman Honors Scholars program at Millikin University and will
receive a scholarship.

RECENT UNIVERSITY OF ST. FRANCIS GRADUATES include Debbie Boyd of Girard,
Margaret Greco of Glenarm, Rebecca Shipley of Jerseyville and Rachel Walters of
Springfield.

WILLIAM BALES COOPER, son of Morris and Virginia Cooper of Springfield, has
received a master's of science degree in music psychology from Keele University
in Keele, Staffordshire, England.  He is now enrolled at the University of Texas
at Dallas.

NATIONAL RESORTS OF LITCHFIELD has awarded 1999 scholarships to Amanda Richmond
and Sara Tackaberry, both of Litchfield. Richmond attends the University of
Findlay, and Tackaberry attends St. Louis University.

NAVY Lt. FRANCINE MARIE WORTHINGTON recently achieved board certification in
health-care management from the American College of Healthcare Executives.

She is in residency at the National Naval Medical Center in San Diego.  She also
is an alumna of Roger Williams University in Bristol, R.I., and the University
of Wyoming in Laramie.

PATRICIA STUTLER has been awarded the 1999-2000 Regina Midden Farley Scholarship
from the University of Illinois at Springfield.

She is the daughter of Ernest and Margaret Melkush of Springfield and is
employed by Prairie Cardiovascular Consultants.

ELIAS WRIGHTAM of Rochester has been named a Commended Student in the year 2000
National Merit Scholarship Program.

MELISSA GOODWIN of Springfield and KEVIN HARVILL of Sherman recently graduated
from Parkland College.

GREGORY ADAM BROWN and KAYA ANNE MULLER, both of Springfield, recently graduated
from Purdue University.

RECENT GRADUATES receiving associate degrees from Robert Morris College include:
Gregory Brewster, Michael Christensen, Michelle Christensen, Wantatesha
Henderson, Jodi Humphries, Duane Jaros, Kelvin Kelso, Eric McCoy, Candy Meuth,
Tammie Nance, Doug Rabideau, DeAngela Seabolt, Angela Stroh, Sheila Sullivan,
Lesley Tribble, Lucretia Tennant, Larranne Wells, Doug Woods and Debra Young,
all of Springfield; and Shannon Hermes of New Berlin.  Kristy Barber received a
diploma.

GINA MARIE PECORARO, daughter of Linda and Giacomo Pecoraro of Springfield,
received the Court Springfield 1329 of the Independent Order of Foresters 1999
Scholarship.  She is a 1995 graduate of Sacred Heart-Griffin High School.

DONTE' POLSON, son of Vernon and Adrienne Polson, has completed nine weeks of
basic training at the Great Lakes Recruit Training Command.  He will begin
nuclear training in Charles-ton, S.C.

JEFF WAKOLBINGER of Springfield was selected as a member of Millikin's Jazz Band
I. He is a commercial music performance major, was chosen by audition and will
play the drums.

AMY MARIA ALEXANDER, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John Bodine of Springfield, has
graduated from the Savannah College of Art and Design with a bachelor of fine
arts degree in graphic design.

ELIZABETH "LIBBY" FRY, a senior at Ursuline Academy, is a semifinalist for the
45th annual National Merit Scholarship Program.  She is the daughter of Denise
Fry of Springfield and Jay Fry of Wheeling.

She has received numerous other awards and is involved in volunteer work.

RECENT GRADUATES OF NORTHERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY include: Melanie Marie Brown,
Jake Robert Schultz and Helen Elizabeth Whitney, all of Springfield.

SABRINA LUSTER, daughter of Gloria Luster of Mount Pulaski and Richard Luster of
Lincoln, graduated in May from the University of Illinois College of ACES with a
bachelor's of science degree in animal science.

She currently works for the South Miami Institute of Reproductive Medicine as an
andrologist.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: ANNOUNCEMENT

                   Copyright 1999 The State Journal-Register


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             August 3, 2007 Friday

In brief

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Contra Costa; Eastern Contra Costa; My Town

LENGTH: 881 words


A $10,000 reward is being offered in the unsolved murder of a young mother
killed in a drive-by shooting in Antioch last year.

Oakley resident Sabrina Koeppel, 22, was shot around 1 a.m. July 23, 2006, as
she stood outside a car with friends on Poppy Way. She was the only person hit
in the shooting.

One year later, police say they have few leads as to who killed Koeppel, who had
an infant daughter and was married to her high school sweetheart.

The Carole Sund/Carrington Memorial Foundation, a nonprofit group that supports
families of crime victims, offered $5,000 for information leading to an arrest
and conviction in the Koeppel case. The city of Antioch matched the funds,
bringing the total to $10,000.

Anyone with information is encouraged to contact Detective Mike Franzen at
925-779-6932.

-- Malaika Fraley


Rio Vista

Delta Breeze bus service seeks help

The Delta Breeze bus service is asking residents to weigh in on changes that Rio
Vista has proposed to improve the service this fall.

One possibility is reintroducing daily bus service between Isleton, Rio Vista,
Suisun City and Fairfield, as well as once-a-week service to Lodi.

The change calls for Route 50 buses to operate weekdays from 5:30 a.m. to 8 p.m.
connecting the four communities. Buses would stop on request anywhere in each
city as well as at bus stops for those who want to transfer.

As for Route 51, buses would operate from 8:30 to 9:30 a.m. Mondays, Wednesdays
and Fridays as well as from 10:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 2 to 3:30 p.m.

On Tuesdays and Thursdays, the route would operate from 2:45 to 5 p.m., and
would be extended to serve resorts along the Delta Loop Recreation Area and
Oxbow Marina.

On Route 53, a new route, buses would operate on Tuesdays along State Route 12
between Trilogy Vista clubhouse in Rio Vista, downtown Rio Vista, Delta Loop
Recreation Area, Terminous, Flag City and Lodi.

Making these changes possible is a grant from the Metropolitan Transportation
Commission, which wants to make rural areas more accessible to low-income people
as well as give them greater access to jobs, shopping, medical care and
education.

To offer your opinion, call John Andoh at 707-374-5337 or e-mail jandoh@ci.rio
-vista.ca.us.

Comments also can be mailed to Andoh at the city of Rio Vista, One Main Street,
Rio Vista, 94571 or faxed to 707-374-5319.

-- Rowena Coetsee


Brentwood

Diabetes fundraiser scheduled Aug. 11

Area students and a teacher will walk next month to help diabetic youth and
their families.

The fundraiser will be from 8 a.m. to noon Aug. 11 on Liberty Union High
School's track, 20 Oak St., Brentwood.

All proceeds will go to the Diabetic Youth Foundation, a Concord nonprofit
organization that teaches patients and their families about the disease through
one-day, weekend and summer-long classes.

Participating in the walk are a handful of students in the leadership class at
Brentwood's La Paloma High School in Brentwood, as well as a Heritage High
School teacher.

The event will include face-painting and coloring for children.

Benefactors also can support the cause online by clicking on
firstgivings.com/kristencapps.

For information, contact Kristen Capps at kristencapps@sbcglobal.net .

-- Rowena Coetsee


Brentwood

Traffic delays likely during road widening

Drivers on Walnut Boulevard will encounter some delays through November as crews
work on widening that stretch of the road between Balfour Road and Oak Street.

Construction will occur from 7 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.

The city is adding two lanes -- one in each direction -- to Walnut Boulevard,
which currently is a two-lane road.

In addition, it will build landscaped medians and pockets for left-hand turns.
During construction, there will be times when crews will close the boulevard in
one direction, controlling the flow of traffic with flagmen.

-- Rowena Coetsee


Contra Costa County

Brentwood News earns top honors

The Brentwood News has earned a second-place award for page layout and design at
the prestigious California Newspaper Publishers Association's annual statewide
contest.

Carol Gardner is the main designer for the paper.

Contra Costa Newspapers also earned top honors in breaking news coverage, public
service and arts and entertainment.

In addition, Times Publisher John Armstrong received the California Newspaper
Publishers Association's First Amendment Award.

-- Staff report

"The Contra Costa Times is a widely recognized leader in defense of First
Amendment rights, and it is a pleasure to receive this award," Armstrong said.

The award recognizes Armstrong's leadership in a lawsuit that began more than
three years ago over disclosure of police salaries. The case is awaiting a
ruling by the California Supreme Court.

Armstrong was honored during the association's annual Better Newspaper Awards
banquet in San Francisco, during which Contra Costa Newspapers took home 16
awards, including nine first-place awards.

The Times won first place for both Arts and Entertainment coverage and Lifestyle
coverage.

Investigative reporter Thomas Peele and photographer Karl Mondon took first
place in the Public Service category for "Boating a perilous pastime," a special
report on safety on Northern California's recreational waters.

The Times also won second place for its editorial pages and second place for
"Best Web Site."

-- Staff report

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              May 6, 2008 Tuesday

Trails, a trolley and cops focus of SLC mayor's budget

BYLINE: By Derek P. Jensen The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL; Breaking

LENGTH: 778 words


Updated: 6:57 AM- A lattice of trails, a west-side river parkway, a street
trolley, even electric cars.

Add a heftier police presence in neighborhoods and an overhauled planning
operation, and you have Mayor Ralph Becker's spending priorities for his first
year at the helm of Salt Lake City.

Yet the no-tax-increase wish list will be a squeeze as "staggering" fuel and
health care costs grip Utah's capital.

Becker unveiled his 2008-09 budget Tuesday, noting the gap between spending
requests from city departments and expected revenue is double the average,
hitting a record $23 million because of the slowing economy. Perhaps more
worrisome for residents, property taxes on homes and businesses were boosted $11
million by the Legislature this year to pay for the Jordan School District split
and a Delta Air Lines tax break. That means $120 more per year on an average
$200,000 home and hundreds of thousands more for a large business.

"It's a very significant hit to our taxpayers," Becker said, "and I didn't want
to do anything to add to that burden."

The freshman mayor opted to streamline efficiencies with a "surgical approach"
that includes a handful of layoffs, fee hikes and tapping some reserves, but not
across-the-board cuts. And he predicts the economic downturn will be a
"short-term phenomenon," saying the city has a "very bright future."

Among the highlights in the $779 million spending plan, Becker wants to multiply
by 10 the city's financial commitment to bikeway routes and appoint a new person
to oversee the program. He also set aside dollars to connect the Jordan River
Parkway from 200 South to North Temple and the far north end of the path to
Davis County.

Combined with an equestrian, bicycle and pedestrian trail along the Legacy
Highway, Becker envisions a "fantastic" trail system from Farmington to Utah
County with eventual links to City Creek and Parleys canyons.

The mayor also allocated money to speed up the timeline for a proposed Sugar
House streetcar, called for the conversion of 10 vehicles to electric cars and
proposed more hybrids and less idling to slim the fleet budget.

He called for steering $500,000 toward preserving a railroad storage building
near the transit hub for a potential public market.

Becker wants more neighborhood training for natural disasters and plans to rally
the public - and community resources - toward his next Salt Lake Solutions
project: Pioneer Park.

Under the budget, all city workers will bear a portion of the city's health-care
hike, though Becker is proposing an overall pay bump of $4 million.

"I did not want to balance the budget on the backs of our employees," he said.

Becker hopes to slash 28 overall positions but add 31.

Still, with 15 layoffs, the budget's cold, calculating numbers have a hot, human
burn.

Take Sheila Yorkin, a 12-year city employee who managed the Gallivan Center
during the 2002 Winter Games and helped craft capital policy and the city's
budget. The communication manager for public services saw her job erased despite
paying a premium to live in the capital, where she became passionate about her
work and her city's progressive agenda.

"I'm devastated because I love the city and I love my job, and I need the
insurance for my three kids," Yorkin said. "I feel betrayed."

Budget officials say the moves were not performance-related and insist they will
work to place the employees in any open posts.

Part of the problem: Becker notes the city has sustained a $750,000 hit over the
past two years since the downtown malls came off the sales-tax rolls to pave way
for City Creek Center.

On the public-safety front, Becker is proposing five support positions to buoy
two new cops in the field. He notes 16 sworn officers also are about to complete
training.

"We need to make sure that they are kept out there and not drowned in
paperwork," the mayor said.

Other changes include a revamped planning division, where a one-stop customer
service center, two new planners and a focus on long-range planning have been
implemented.

Becker also has made three trips to Washington, D.C., since his election, to
lobby for city cash. He pledged to keep that up for transit and trail dollars,
Homeland Security grants and perhaps money for a new police headquarters, which
he expects to tackle next year.

And, after spending significant time on Capitol Hill, the former Utah House
Democratic minority leader declared a "new era" with the Legislature where
"hopefully [lawmakers] will recognize what a capital city is."

Council members praised the spreadsheet but cautioned money will be tight.

"He's investing in the budget what he set out to do in his campaign," Councilman
Soren Simonsen said.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 2010 The University of Chicago
                         The Journal of Law & Economics

                                  August, 2010

                         The Journal of Law & Economics

                             53 J. Law & Econ. 497

LENGTH: 9341 words

ARTICLE: Altruism and Innovation in Health Care

NAME: Anupam B. Jena, Harvard University, Stephane Mechoulan, Dalhousie
University and Tomas J. Philipson, University of Chicago



BIO: This paper is a revision of earlier versions, including National Bureau of
Economic Research Working Papers Nos. 9598 and 11930. We are thankful for
comments from seminar participants at the University of Chicago, Princeton
University, George Mason University, University of Maryland, American Law and
Economics Association meetings, American Economic Association meetings, and the
Conference on Markets for Pharmaceuticals and the Health of Developing Nations,
as well as from Michael Baker, Gary Becker, John Grana, Robert McMillan, Kevin
Murphy, and Gilles Saint-Paul. Philipson benefited from discussions of many
related topics with colleagues at the Food and Drug Administration, the Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services, and the Pull Mechanism Working Group of the
Center for Global Development, Washington D.C., who, however, should not be held
responsible for any views contained in this paper. Philipson acknowledges
financial support from the George Stigler Center for the Study of the Economy
and the State and the John M. Olin Law and Economics Program, both at the
University of Chicago. Jena acknowledges fellowship support from the National
Institute of General Medical Sciences (Medical Scientist National Research
Service Award 5 T32 GM07281) and from the Agency for Health Care Research and
Quality (UCLA/RAND Training Grant T32 HS 000046).
(c) 2010 by The University of Chicago. All rights reserved.
0022-2186/2010/5030-0019 $ 10.00

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... In particular, if Pigouvian subsidies such as Medicaid appropriately
reflect the ex post social value of health care consumption by the poor, they
may still lead to underinvestment in R&D.  ... Altruism or selfishly motivated
externalities make the global health issue one of allocating resources under
external effects of consumption and endogenous technological change.  ... Health
Care Sector Recent estimates suggest that health care spending in the United
States has been quite valuable, with consumer benefits of, on average, $ 4 to $
5 for every dollar spent (see, for example, Cutler and McClellan 2001; Jena and
Philipson 2008a).  ... Given our earlier results for HIV/AIDS, this raises the
question of how altruistic surplus compares to consumer surplus for the health
care sector as a whole.  ... Under our assumptions on demand and production, it
is straightforward to show that the monopolist-induced demand price and output
satisfy :201;15125:93190865603k;1 Equation 11 We can rewrite the maximization in
equation (A1) as follows: :201;15125:93190865603l;1 Equation 12 Recalling that p
+ ( delta ) SEE EQUATION IN ORIGINAL p gamma ( delta ), the first-order
condition with respect to delta is :201;15125:93190865603m;1 Equation 13 which
can be simplified to :201;15125:93190865603n;1 Equation 14 Since, by definition,
dp( delta )/d delta can be rewritten as dp gamma ( delta ) /d delta , by the
chain rule we obtain :201;15125:93190865603o;1 Equation 15 Using expression
(A6), we can rewrite equation (A5) as follows: :201;15125:93190865603p;1
Equation 16 which, under constant elasticity of demand, can be written as
:201;15125:93190865603q;1 Equation 17 Using the expression for p ( delta ) in
expression (A2), we can solve equation (A8) to obtain the optimal subsidy delta
as well as the demand price p D , (recall that this is equal to p (.)) and
supply price p s (note that p s = p D + delta ). :201;15125:93190865603r;1
Equation 18 Using equations (A9), we obtain an expression relating the share of
total expenditure on drugs that is publicly subsidized ( delta / p s ) to the
level of altruism and the elasticity of demand.

HIGHLIGHT: Abstract


     The joint presence of technological change and consumption
     externalities is central to health care industries around the world,
     because medical innovation drives the expansion of the health care
     sector and altruism seems to motivate many public subsidies. Although
     traditional economic analysis has proposed well-known remedies to deal
     with consumption externalities and inefficient technological change in
     isolation, it lacks clear principles for addressing them jointly. We
     argue that standard remedies to each of the two problems are
     inadequate. Focusing on U.S. health care, we provide illustrative
     calculations of the dynamic inefficiency in the level of research and
     development (R&D) spending when innovators are unable to appropriate
     the altruistic surplus of non-consumers. We calibrate that altruistic
     gains amount to about a quarter of consumer surplus in the baseline
     scenario and that R&D spending may be underprovided by as much as 60
     percent.


 TEXT:
 [*497]  1. Introduction

A major concern in the health care sector is balancing the altruistic
externalities that motivate universal coverage with the technological change
that such subsidies  [*498]  may induce.  n1 Indeed, in the United States,
existing evidence suggests that technological change is the key to the continued
expansion of the health care sector (see, for example, Newhouse 1992), close to
half of which is paid for by altruistically motivated subsidy programs such as
Medicaid and Medicare. In this paper, we argue that the joint R&D-altruism
problem is perhaps the central allocation problem in health care and crucial to
understanding whether the observed growth in health care spending is efficient.
Since developed nations implicitly have decided that it is intolerable to let
people die or suffer when existing medical technologies can prevent it, public
financing often covers such technologies. Yet such altruistic adoption and use
of new technologies should also be evaluated in terms of the technological
change they induce. It seems reasonable to argue that the long-run level of
health care spending is far more influenced by these important dynamic
altruistic issues than by many of the static incentives preoccupying much of
health economics.

   This general issue of balancing R&D and altruism is even more prominent in
the subsector of health care made up of pharmaceuticals--the most R&D intensive
of industries and also one often faced with human-rights-based access issues,
particularly for poor nations. Indeed, the field of global health is often
concerned with how to provide medical products and care to developing nations
for diseases such as acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), malaria, or
tuberculosis. This global health issue concerns an R&D-altruism allocation
problem that is in many ways similar to the domestic universal coverage issue in
the United States.

   Little explicit analysis exists, however, on the general principles that
should govern appropriate policy in this area. A long-standing literature
discusses efficient methods of correcting consumption externalities through
applying subsidies and taxes that align private incentives with social ones, as
first recognized by Pigou (1932). However, this classic problem assumes that
there is no technological change in the good that confers the external effects.
An equally long-standing literature tackles the appropriate methods of
stimulating innovation, for example, the analysis of the welfare effects of
intellectual property (IP) regulations.  n2 However, this literature
traditionally posits that there are no external effects in the consumption of
the good for which there is technological change. Little is understood about the
principles that should govern many important allocation problems that involve
both technological change and external consumption effects.  n3

    [*499]  Given the importance of this R&D-altruism issue in health care, we
analyze whether traditional economic solutions to the two problems in isolation
are efficient. First, we discuss the impact of technological change on the
efficiency of traditional remedies aimed at solving consumption externalities,
such as altruism, in health care. We argue that classic Pigouvian solutions are
inappropriate under technological change. In particular, if Pigouvian subsidies
such as Medicaid appropriately reflect the ex post social value of health care
consumption by the poor, they may still lead to underinvestment in R&D. For
goods with external effects, just as for those without, ex post static
efficiency is generally inconsistent with ex ante dynamic efficiency.

   Second, we discuss the reverse problem of the impact that consumption
externalities have on the appropriate stimulation of R&D. We find that standard
remedies to induce technological change under altruism are inefficient. This is
because such remedies focus only on consumer and producer surplus, not the
surplus accruing to those nonconsumers affected externally. For example, rewards
to innovation should be driven not only by profits or gains from those receiving
subsidies such as Medicaid but also by altruistic surplus from those paying for
these programs. Likewise, in the area of global health, the real economic gains
from trade are often realized by rich nations--which provide aid for poorer
ones--and the sellers of medical care. The surplus from this trade arises mostly
from nonconsumers.

   To consider the efficiency losses from standard remedies, we provide
illustrative calibrations for the U.S. pharmaceutical market for human
immunodeficiency virus (HIV) drugs and for U.S. health care markets more
generally under the assumption that standard Pigouvian subsidies underlie public
spending. The case of HIV is particularly relevant, as consumption of HIV drugs
is financed mostly by altruistic Medicaid subsidies, and treatment underwent
tremendous technological change in the mid-1990s. Our baseline calibrations
imply that altruistic gains may be as high as a quarter of consumer surplus, on
the order of $ 99 billion (in 2000 dollars) since the start of the HIV epidemic.
For health care generally, our baseline calibrations suggest that altruistic
surplus may again be nearly a quarter of consumer surplus, which implies
estimates of just over $ 1.1 trillion annually. Given existing estimates of the
relationship between R&D and profits, these levels of altruism imply a potential
underinvestment of 23 percent for research into improved HIV therapies and 61
percent for R&D into the health care sector as a whole.

   The paper is related to several literatures. First, it is related to the
voluminous literature on the appropriate methods of treating externalities
without technological change (see, for example, Laffont 1987; Tirole 1988).
Second, the paper also extends the classic work on the trade-offs between direct
R&D stimuli (push) and patents and prizes (pull) (see Nordhaus 1969, 1972;
Wright 1983; Kremer and Glennerster 2004; Scotchmer 2006). Last, it relates to
Weisbrod (1991), which discusses insurance affecting the type of technological
change taking place but does not address the joint-allocation problem discussed
in this paper.

    [*500]  2. Consumption Externalities and Research and Development

   Consider an environment with a single potential innovation in the market.  n4
We assume that a product, if developed, has external consumption effects. To fix
ideas, consider the static social surplus after the technology has been
developed, given by

    Equation 1

where [pi](y), s(y), and e(y) reflect profits, consumer surplus, and external
effects induced by the output level y. The expected dynamic surplus under R&D
spending R is the expected static welfare less R&D spending:

    Equation 2

where P(R) is the probability of discovery that is increasing in R&D spending.
Actual R&D levels are determined by the profitability of the invention once it
has been discovered and thus maximize expected profits P(R)7[pi] - R.

2.1. Traditional Remedies to Correct Consumption Externalities

   Now consider traditional Pigouvian remedies designed to solve the externality
problem in consumption. These remedies aim to maximize static welfare by
aligning private consumption motives with social ones, attaining the output y[w]
, that maximizes W. However, if profits drive R&D, those subsidies and taxes
would be unlikely to induce the optimal level of R&D--the level that would
maximize E[W] given the social value of the innovation as the reward, when
maximized at W(y[w]). For example, if prizes or awards are used as methods to
generate profits and hence stimulate R&D, perfect competition ex post would not
correct the consumption externality. Likewise, if patents are used to generate
the profits, these profits would not incorporate the surplus gained by
nonconsumers, and hence R&D would generally be inefficient. In general, a
straight-forward consequence of the theory of the second best is that a single
instrument, such as a prize or a patent, cannot correct two sources of
inefficiencies in output and R&D markets (Parry 1995).

   The fact that static efficiency through Pigouvian measures is inconsistent
with dynamic efficiency is analogous to the case of goods with only private
consumption effects. Without externalities, it is well understood that efficient
competition after an innovation has been discovered leads to zero profits and
hence insufficient R&D incentives, which is of course the common rationale for
patents. With externalities, this has the simple but unrecognized implication
that Pigouvian consumption subsidies are typically inefficient under
technological change. In general, arguing for Pigouvian solutions in the
presence of technological change is tantamount to arguing for competitive
markets for new inventions.  [*501]  Both incorrectly support static efficiency
without regard to dynamic efficiency.  n5 Pigouvian corrections may make the
total static surplus the highest, but dynamic welfare depends on the division of
surplus or the incidence of Pigouvian corrections, that is, on how the
distributional impact of corrections affects producers and consumers separately.

   An illustration of this difference in static and dynamic efficiency is the
temptation of governments to force R&D returns down after an important
innovation has been discovered and altruism dictates full adoption. For example,
many observers have argued that a major barrier to R&D investments in an AIDS
vaccine is that developers realize that if they are successful, governments will
mandate full distribution of their products at below-monopoly markups because it
would be viewed as inhumane not to do so.  n6 Such policies would perhaps be
efficient ex post, as the developer would lose less from such price reductions
than consumers and altruists gained ex post. However, this would, of course, not
be dynamically efficient, as no vaccine would be developed in anticipation of
this government response.

2.2. Traditional Remedies to Stimulate Research and Development

   There is a large literature in economics that discusses the inefficiency in
decisions involving R&D that occur when those who undertake the private cost of
R&D, firms, do not receive the full social benefit of that investment (Arrow
1961; Tirole 1988; Scotchmer 2006). Under no externalities, the optimal prize is
the present value of the social surplus and always dominates the optimal patent.
n7 This is sometimes interpreted to mean that prizes dominate patents when there
are no externalities, with the implicit assumption that the organizations
selecting the prizes can set them correctly to represent social surplus. This is
an assumption that many times may be unwarranted. Further, like patents, prizes
have negative efficiency implications since they are financed by distortionary
taxes on capital and labor (an issue that, for simplicity, we ignore for the
present).

   These discussions are incomplete, however-and the remedies implied thus
[*502]  inefficient--when there are external effects in consumption of the
product. This is because considering only consumer and producer surpluses as
potential candidates to optimally drive R&D decisions leaves out the surplus of
nonconsumers (e). Incorporating the surplus of nonconsumers as a carrot or stick
for those conducting R&D is then necessary.

   This is particularly relevant for global health issues--to induce efficient
incentives for R&D in diseases present only in poor countries. Without
externalities on rich nations, it seems efficient that a disproportionately low
share of world R&D spending on drugs is allocated to third-world diseases even
though these diseases may be more prevalent and clinically more devastating.
Altruism or selfishly motivated externalities make the global health issue one
of allocating resources under external effects of consumption and endogenous
technological change.

   In the presence of externalities, prizes tend to be more favored over patents
the more positive the external effects are.  n8 Previously unrecognized,
however, is that this dominance of prizes under positive external effects
depends crucially on how production and distribution take place after the prize
has been awarded. The implicit assumption of the method of production and
distribution under a prize is that of free and unrestricted licensing of the
patent after the discovery, hence generating the competitive output level. If
prizes induce ex post efficiency without externalities, under external effects,
prizes with free, unrestricted licensing and a competitive level of output may
be an inefficient combination. In fact, patents may dominate prizes even under
positive external effects.

   For example, suppose that consumers are too poor to pay the variable costs of
production, let alone the fixed costs of R&D. This implies that the social
surplus consists of the external altruistic effects of richer countries. In this
case, patents would induce monopoly power that would not confer any profits, and
no R&D spending would take place for any patent length. The patent holder can at
most only appropriate consumer surplus, which is zero when consumers cannot pay
variable costs. Hence, under free licensing patents would dominate any positive
prize. This is because the R&D would be undertaken without distribution, while
under a patent, the R&D would not occur. Note that this has little to do with
the second-best nature of patents: the problem with patents under altruism is
that the output is not sold to those willing to pay for it, that is, the rich.
Appropriate R&D incentives in the global health case need to take into account
that the main group that benefits in an economic sense is the rich.

    [*503]  3. Calibration of Research and Development Inefficiencies Induced by
Pigouvian Subsidies in U.S. Health Care

   Given the theoretical importance of altruistic surplus for underinvestment in
R&D, this section illustrates the potential size of this dynamic inefficiency
for two cases: HIV drug subsidization specifically and the entire U.S. health
care economy more generally. In each instance, we show the underinvestment in
R&D that occurs if existing demand subsidies such as Medicaid are interpreted as
Pigouvian corrections. Our estimates should be interpreted with several caveats
in mind. First, the notion that the extent to which medical care is subsidized
somehow reflects society's altruism is a strong assumption: public subsidization
may proceed from motives other than simply altruism. For example, interest
groups representing producers or consumers may have great impact on the extent
to which demand is subsidized. Observed levels of subsidization may be construed
as an upper bound measure of any underlying altruism. Second, the nature of our
illustrative calibration exercise requires us to use several pieces of
information from different strands of literature. Since our calibrated estimates
vary on the basis of the assumptions made and the point estimates used, we
conduct a sensitivity analysis and display ranges of values. Ultimately, these
calculations should be interpreted with caution from a quantitative standpoint,
but we emphasize their qualitative implications.

3.1. Calibrating the External Consumption Effect

   In the framework for static efficiency, suppose that for each unit sold,
firms receive a per-unit subsidy [delta] in addition to the price consumers pay
for that unit, p(y).  n9 The static level of social surplus can then be written
as

    Equation 3

where the first term is profits, the second term consumer surplus, and the third
the net altruistic surplus after paying for the subsidy. For a patent
monopolist, the profit-maximizing output in the presence of the subsidy is

 Equation 4

3.2. Parameterizing Altruism and Demand

   We specify the external consumption effect e(y) to take the following form:

    Equation 5

This specification captures the public-good nature of the external consumption
effect. That is, each of N individuals in a society is assumed to value a
fraction, [alpha], of the consumer surplus. Moreover, altruism is a public good
in the sense  [*504]  that each altruist's consumption does not preclude that by
another. The net surplus enjoyed by altruists is the external consumption effect
less the subsidy:

    Equation 6

Since each altruist pays only an Nth of the subsidy, as the number of altruists
increases, the cost to each of subsidizing a given level of output decreases.
n10

   We assume a constant elasticity of demand q = ([beta]/p)<[epsilon]>, where
[epsilon] > 0 is the elasticity of demand and [beta] is a parameter that shifts
demand outward.

   3.1.2. Optimal Pigouvian Subsidy

   The ex post Pigouvian subsidy is derived by maximizing the parameterized ex
post welfare W[y([delta]), [delta]] with respect to [delta]. Under constant
returns to scale and a constant elasticity of demand, it is straightforward to
show (see Appendix A) that the optimal subsidy, demand price, and supply price
satisfy the following conditions:

    Equation 7

The optimal subsidy is increasing in both the degree of altruism, [alpha], and
the number of altruists, N. Note that the optimal subsidy in the presence of a
monopolist is higher than that in perfect competition, as the monopolist
restricts output. Finally, note that while the prices paid by consumers and
received by firms are decreasing in [alpha] and N, firms' profits rise with the
degree of altruism and the number of altruists.

   Under the assumption that the observed subsidy is the ex post Pigouvian
solution to the problem of external consumption effects, the level of altruism
is identified through the optimality condition:

    Equation 8

 [*505]  Note that this condition implies that even in the absence of altruism,
there is subsidization to correct the distortion induced by monopoly pricing.
n11 It is straightforward to show that under perfect competition, the analog
optimality condition is

    Equation 9

Under perfect competition, altruism is necessary for subsidization.

3.2. Calibration for HIV/AIDS

   Philipson and Jena (2006) estimate the consumer surplus, s, generated by the
new HIV/AIDS technologies to be roughly $ 395 billion since the start of the
epidemic nearly 25 years ago. This figure is consistent with standard values of
a statistical life-year around $ 100,000 and a roughly 5-year extension in HIV
life expectancy when averaged across all infected cohorts. In Appendix B, we
discuss the methods used to estimate the share of the price that is subsidized
([delta] /p[s] = .5), the demand elasticity ([epsilon] = 1.25), and the size of
the nonconsumer pool (N = 190 million annually).  n12 In the most indirect
parameter calibration, we use existing patent expiration data to estimate
markups of brands relative to generic competition and hence the demand
elasticity--allowing this elasticity to vary within a reasonable range does not,
however, alter the qualitative predictions of our calibration.  n13 These
quantities can then be used to identify [alpha]a, the fraction of the aggregate
consumer surplus enjoyed by a single altruist, for either market structure, as
well as the aggregate, external value to nonconsumers, N [alpha]. For the case
of HIV, the aggregate value to nonconsumers is a quarter of the consumer surplus
(that is, N [alpha] = .25). For individuals infected between 1980 and 2000, this
amounts to roughly $ 99 billion under the estimated level of consumer surplus.
n14 It is important to note that the magnitude of this effect is driven by the
public-good nature of the externality. To see this more clearly, note that the
aggregate external consumption effect of $ 99 billion amortized over 20 years is
[*506]  simply $ 5 billion per year. With 190 million altruists enjoying this
effect annually, the value of the externality amounts to $ 26 per altruist per
year. With an estimated $ 3.25 billion spent on subsidies from 1980 to 2000 (50
percent of the $ 6.5 billion total HIV/AIDS drug spending), this amounts to $
163 million spent annually by all altruists, or 85 cents per altruist per year.
Including these costs of subsidization leads to a net external consumption
benefit of roughly $ 25 ($ 26 - $ .85) per altruist per year.

3.3. Calibration for the U.S. Health Care Sector

   Recent estimates suggest that health care spending in the United States has
been quite valuable, with consumer benefits of, on average, $ 4 to $ 5 for every
dollar spent (see, for example, Cutler and McClellan 2001; Jena and Philipson
2008a).  n15 In general, these estimates vary significantly depending on the
methods employed, the values of a statistical life-year used, and the health
interventions considered (for example, interventions to reduce infant versus
old-age mortality). On average, however, with nearly $ 1.98 trillion spent on
health care in 2005 alone, this suggests an annual consumer surplus of between $
5.92 and $ 7.89 trillion arising from health care consumption. Given our earlier
results for HIV/AIDS, this raises the question of how altruistic surplus
compares to consumer surplus for the health care sector as a whole.

   We can use our framework to inform this question. First, since the overall
market for health care (which includes hospital and physician services as well
as drug therapies) is more competitive than that for HIV/AIDS, we begin by
assuming that firms behave competitively  n16 --in this case, the share of the
supply price that is publicly subsidized ([delta] /p[s]) equals N
[alpha]/([epsilon] + N [alpha]). Second, we use the fact that Medicaid and the
State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP) were the primary providers of
subsidized health care in the United States as the empirical basis for
altruistic spending in our model. In 2005, spending by both programs accounted
for nearly 16 percent ($ 319 billion) of personal health care spending.

   Several points are worth noting regarding our determination of which spending
in the national health expenditure accounts is categorized as being
altruistically motivated. First, we exclude Medicare since its benefits
presumably reward contributions made by beneficiaries throughout their working
lives rather than reflect purely altruistic motives on the part of the current
workers. Including Medicare would simply raise the estimated level of altruism
further. Second, because SCHIP has paralleled Medicaid expenditures on children,
we include it as well, although  [*507]  2005 expenditures by SCHIP totaled only
$ 8.4 billion, compared to $ 309 billion by Medicaid.  n17 Third, we include
long-term care for the elderly by Medicaid in the total Medicaid figure. In
2004, Medicaid spending on long-term care for the elderly made up nearly 42
percent of total national spending on long-term care (Kaiser Commission on
Medicaid and the Uninsured 2006). In most states, Medicaid financing of
long-term care is intended to assist low-income individuals and those with
specific functional impairments. In addition, in 2003, 37 percent of those
receiving long-term care from Medicaid were under the age of 65. Because
Medicaid-financed long-term care has specific requirements for income and
disability, can be administered before the age of 65, and is therefore not
applicable to the entire Medicare population, we include it in the total
Medicaid figures representing altruistic spending.

   Given the share of national health spending accounted for by Medicaid and
SCHIP, we therefore assume that the share of the supply price that is publicly
subsidized ([delta] /p[s]) equals .16, which implies that N [alpha] = .19
[epsilon]. If [epsilon] = 1.25, the aggregate value to nonconsumers is 24
percent of consumer surplus, which is nearly identical in magnitude to our
estimate for HIV/AIDS. As a benchmark case, we consider consumer surpluses
arising from total health care spending that range from $ 5.92 to $ 7.89
trillion (which imply consumer benefits of $ 4-$ 5 for every dollar spent on
health care). This implies an altruistic surplus of $ 1.41-$ 1.89 trillion in
2005 alone. This also corresponds to a gross benefit to each altruist of $
7,500-$ 9,700 annually and a net benefit (gross benefit -- cost of subsidy) of $
5,900-$ 8,100.

3.4. Sensitivity Analysis

   These calibrated estimates of altruistic surplus are still, of course,
subject to much qualification. For example, different estimates presented in the
literature of the level of consumer surplus arising from a single dollar of
spending will affect our calculations. Note, however, that while the calibrated
level of altruistic surplus varies on the basis of different estimates of
consumer surplus, the ratio of altruistic surplus to consumer surplus identified
by our model (N [alpha] = .19 [epsilon]) depends only on estimates of the
elasticity of demand. To the extent that the elasticity differs from the assumed
value of 1.25, both the ratio and the level of calibrated surplus will of course
be affected for any given level of consumer surplus. To evaluate how the
calibrated level of altruistic surplus responds to various elasticities of
demand and levels of consumer surplus, Table 1 presents estimates of consumer
surplus and elasticities of demand from several studies as well as the
calibrated levels of altruistic surplus that those estimates imply.

   Table 1 illustrates the broad range of calibrated altruistic surpluses that
are possible for the level of public health subsidization observed in the United
States. Depending on the elasticity of demand and the consumer surplus arising
from health care spending, the associated altruistic surplus calibrated from our
model may vary from $ 94 billion to as much as $ 4 trillion. For elasticities of
demand that are near unity and for consumer surpluses ranging between $ 3 and $
4 for every dollar spent, the calibrated altruistic surplus is just over $ 1
trillion, or a fifth of the consumer surplus arising from total health care
spending in the United States. Regardless of what view one may take on the
specific value for money spent on health care, the ranges of values in the
literature appear consistent with a reasonable prediction that the altruistic
surplus generated by such spending may be quite large.

    [*508]  Table 1

Estimates of Altruistic Surplus Implied by Various Studies, by Elasticity of
Demand
                                 Consumer Surplus  Assumed Elasticity
             Study                      (]              of Demand
    Cutler and Meara (2000)              5                 .25
                                                          1.25
  Cutler and McClellan (2001)           3-4                .25
                                                          1.25
Cutler, Rosen, and Vijan (2006)        .15-4               .25
                                                          1.25
      Rosen et al. (2007)               1-3                .25
                                                          1.25
      Cutler et al. (2007)              5-9                .25
                                                          1.25
   Jena and Philipson (2008a)            4                 .25
                                                          1.25

                                 Altruistic Surplus
             Study                  ($ Billions)
    Cutler and Meara (2000)              470
                                        2,351
  Cutler and McClellan (2001)          282-376
                                     1,411-1,881
Cutler, Rosen, and Vijan (2006)        14-376
                                      71-1,881
      Rosen et al. (2007)              94-282
                                      470-1,411
      Cutler et al. (2007)             470-846
                                     2,351-4,232
   Jena and Philipson (2008a)            376
                                        1,881

Note. Consumer surplus is the surplus from $ 1 of health spending and is based
on authors' calculations from the studies cited. Ranges of estimates are often
based on the population being considered. For example, in Cutler, Rosen, and
Vijan (2006), the consumer surplus of $ 4 per dollar spent is based on spending
to reduce infant mortality, while the consumer surplus of $ .15 per dollar spent
is based on health spending by individuals 65 and older. The elasticity of
demand of 1.25 is based on calculations shown in Appendix A. A lower point
estimate of .25 is based on estimated elasticities of demand for all health
services summarized in Ringel et al. (2002). Altruistic surplus is based on the
authors' calculations.

3.5. Implications for Underinvestment in Research and Development

   Given the altruistic surplus implied by our model, we present
back-of-the-envelope calculations on the degree of underinvestment in HIV R&D
due to nonappropriation of this surplus. To do so requires two pieces of
information: the amount of R&D to date and the expected increase in R&D if the
altruistic surplus were fully appropriated. For the former, Jena and Philipson
(2008b) report $ 16 billion (discounted to 1980 and in 2000 dollars) worth of
private R&D into HIV/AIDS to date. For the latter, we use the estimate from
Finkelstein (2004) that a $ 1 increase in the expected discounted present value
of market revenue from a particular vaccine induces 5-6 cents' worth of
investment in that vaccine. While the relationship between expected revenues and
innovation in the market for vaccines may not be directly comparable to either
the market for HIV/AIDS specifically or health care generally, to our knowledge
surprisingly  [*509]  little empirical evidence exists on the link between
profitability and R&D in health care. An exception is the relationship between
market size and pharmaceutical innovation documented by Acemoglu and Linn
(2004). While these authors show that a 1 percent increase in potential market
size is associated with a 4-6 percent increase in new molecular entities, they
do not calculate how dollar revenues map onto dollar R&D expenditures. Because
of the paucity of empirical estimates linking expected revenues to R&D, our
calculations should be interpreted not as definitive estimates of
underinvestment in R&D but as ballpark figures of the general levels of
underinvestment.

   With estimates of the altruistic surplus for HIV/AIDS around $ 99 billion,
Finkelstein's estimates imply an underinvestment in R&D of $ 5 billion. These
figures suggest that fuller appropriation of nonconsumer surplus would have
increased R&D by 33 percent of the R&D completed to date. Put differently, our
figures suggest an underinvestment in R&D of roughly 23 percent. We can compute
similar estimates for health care in general, which seems all the more relevant
since the U.S. Congressional Budget Office conceded in 1998 that no one knew
whether current levels of pharmaceutical R&D were optimal (Outterson 2005). In
2003, private health care R&D was nearly $ 35 billion. With a predicted
altruistic surplus of, say, $ 1.1 trillion in that year alone, this implies a
potential increase in R&D of $ 55 billion, which suggests an underinvestment in
overall health R&D of nearly 61 percent. With predicted altruistic surplus
ranging from $ 94 billion to $ 4 trillion, the range of underinvestment in R&D
could thus vary from $ 4.7 billion to as much as $ 200 billion. While these
estimates rest on several strong assumptions regarding market structure, the
nature of the altruism externality, and the impact of profits on R&D, they
nevertheless highlight the potential magnitude of the underinvestment involved.

4. Concluding Remarks

   The joint presence of technological change and altruism is central to health
care industries around the world. Although traditional economic analysis has
proposed well-known remedies to deal with consumption externalities and to
stimulate technological change in isolation, it has not developed general
principles for addressing these issues jointly. We considered the inefficiencies
induced by using standard remedies to externalities and R&D stimulation when
addressed in isolation. We showed the implications of these policies for the
amount of underinvestment in health care R&D. In particular, our baseline
illustrative calculations suggest that the aggregate value that nonconsumers
place on the consumption of HIV drugs in the United States may be as high as 25
percent of the patients' surplus, with similar estimates for health care
consumption generally. For the case of HIV/AIDS, our baseline calibrations
suggest that using this surplus to efficiently stimulate investment could
increase R&D by as much as 33 percent.

    [*510]  Our simple analysis suggests several avenues for future research.
While our calibrated estimates of both altruistic surplus and underinvestment in
R&D appear quite large, it is important to stress that they vary within a wide
range of values. Given this uncertainty and the potential magnitude of our
results, perhaps the appropriate interpretation of our calibration exercise is
that these empirical results must be further refined to provide accurate
estimates of altruistic surplus and underinvestment in R&D.

   A second area of future research could be aimed at gaining a better
understanding of the efficiency properties of existing policy proposals in the
area of providing health care in poor countries, the concern of global health
discussed earlier. Existing policy proposals to deal with this implicit
externality problem have been ad hoc in the sense that it is not clear with
respect to which allocation problems the proposed solutions are optimal.  n18
Examples include Commission on Macroeconomics and Health (2001), which advocates
cost-based pricing financed by donor countries, or Lanjouw (2002), who advocates
country- and disease-specific cutbacks in IP rights.  n19 There is a basic
conflict between these policy proposals and an efficient provision of R&D under
altruism as they reduce the benefits to innovators (Philipson, Jena, and
Mechoulan 2011). The rewards to innovation should be increased rather than
decreased to reflect the value to altruistic nonconsumers.

   Indeed, the provision of AIDS drugs in poor countries mimics the problem of
providing drugs for rare diseases, as well as against agents of bioterror, in
the United States,  n20 and it seems that international lessons can be learned
from this domestic experience. With the purpose of stimulating R&D in disease
classes too rare to generate R&D, the U.S. Orphan Drug Act of 1983 (Pub. L. No.
97-414, 96 Stat. 2049) reduced the cost and raised the benefit of R&D for such
rare diseases.  n21 If a society cares or wants to provide insurance for those
who are unlucky enough to catch uncommon diseases, the social surplus will, in
addition to consumer surplus, contain nonconsumer benefits. The Orphan Drug Act
may be interpreted as encouraging R&D to reflect altruism, as opposed to
international proposals for developing-world diseases that discourage R&D in
spite of such altruism. The enormous growth in the development of drugs for rare
diseases generated by the Orphan Drug Act may contain important lessons for the
appropriate international policy.

    [*511]  Last, the important issue of how world R&D should be financed across
countries seems to fall under the aforementioned allocation problem. Many
discussions of whether the United States is carrying too large a load of
financing world drug R&D centers on the fact that about half of the world's
sales are obtained in the unregulated markets of the United States, with other
price-regulated markets free riding on the R&D investments this yields. The
nonexclusivity induced by the free flow of innovations across countries, and the
desire to free ride due to that nonexclusivity, entail a classic externality
problem in consumption ex post, with the additional feature of involving
technological change.

Appendix A

Mathematics

   We assume constant returns to scale (constant marginal cost c) and constant
elasticity of demand, p(q) = [beta]/q<1/[epsilon]>. The social welfare
maximization is

    Equation 10

where [gamma] ([delta]) = arg max [delta] [[p [gamma] + [delta]] [gamma] - c [
delta]] describes the monopolist's optimal response to a subsidy [delta]. Note
that p(.) is the price paid by the consumer and 6 is the per-unit subsidy
received by the monopolist above and beyond the price paid by the consumer.
Under our assumptions on demand and production, it is straightforward to show
that the monopolist-induced demand price and output satisfy

    Equation 11

We can rewrite the maximization in equation (A1) as follows:

    Equation 12

Recalling that p + ([delta]]) [SEE EQUATION IN ORIGINAL] p [[gamma] ([delta]),
the first-order condition with respect to [delta] is

    [*512]   Equation 13

which can be simplified to

    Equation 14

Since, by definition, dp([delta])/d [delta] can be rewritten as dp[[gamma] ([
delta])]/d [delta], by the chain rule we obtain

    Equation 15

Using expression (A6), we can rewrite equation (A5) as follows:

    Equation 16

which, under constant elasticity of demand, can be written as

    Equation 17

Using the expression for p([delta]) in expression (A2), we can solve equation
(A8) to obtain the optimal subsidy [delta] as well as the demand price p[D],
(recall that this is equal to p(.)) and supply price p[s] (note that p[s] = p[D]
+ [delta]).

    Equation 18

Using equations (A9), we obtain an expression relating the share of total
expenditure on drugs that is publicly subsidized ([delta] /p[s]) to the level of
altruism and the elasticity of demand. Specifically,

 Equation 19

   Finally, we can calculate the ratio of profits to social welfare as follows:

 [*513]   Equation 20

Note that the share of social surplus appropriated to producers is positive
since the monopolist operates in the elastic portion of the demand curve
([epsilon] > 1).

Appendix B

Data

   This appendix describes how the following were, obtained: (1) the share of
the price of HIV/AIDS drugs that is publicly subsidized, (2) the elasticity of
demand, and (3) the number of nonconsumers (altruists). These, along with
consumer surplus measures obtained from Philipson and Jena (2006), were used to
calibrate our model.

Consumer Surplus from HIV/AIDS Drugs

   Using the methodology developed in Becker, Philipson, and Soares (2005),
Philipson and Jena (2006) estimate the value of increased survival attributable
to HIV/AIDS drugs. For each cohort infected with HIV, the authors estimate the
aggregate value of improved survival relative to a benchmark case in which no
treatment was available. They repeat this for each new set of cases, cohort by
cohort, since the start of the epidemic and aggregate up. This delivers the
gross value to consumers of improved survival induced by HIV/AIDS therapies. The
consumer surplus is obtained by netting out total spending, which is described
below.

    [*514]  Financing of HIV/AIDS Drugs

   The majority of public spending on HIV/AIDS drugs is administered through two
sources, Medicaid and the AIDS Drug Assistance Program (ADAP). To be eligible
for Medicaid, individuals must have a low income and be in one of several
mandated categories. Many AIDS patients qualify for Medicaid by being recipients
of supplemental security income (SSI, one of the mandated categories). These
individuals are both low income and disabled (Kates and Wilson 2004).  n22

   The AIDS Drug Assistance Program began shortly after the introduction of AZT
in 1987. Since 1990, ADAP has been part of the Ryan White CARE Program, the
third largest federal source for care of HIV/AIDS patients. Since 1996, Congress
has specifically designated funds for ADAP through the CARE program. The AIDS
Drug Assistance Program is a payer of last resort for prescription medications
needed by those without insurance or other means to finance drug treatment. In
2001 alone, an estimated 135,000 individuals received assistance from ADAP.

   Figure B1 presents estimates of national spending on HIV/AIDS drugs broken
down by public and private payers. The estimates for total spending are from IMS
Health (see Lichtenberg 2006). Public spending is approximated by the sum of
Medicaid and ADAP expenditures. The Medicaid estimates include both federal and
state contributions and were calculated from the Medicaid State Drug Utilization
Data using national drug codes for all antiretrovirals introduced since 1987.
n23 Medicaid expenditure on HIV/AIDS drugs is unavailable prior to the last
quarter of 1991--this is likely because Medicaid began its prescription drug
rebate program (for all drugs, not just antiretrovirals) only in 1990.  n24 Data
on ADAP expenditures are unavailable prior to 1996, although it was informally
covering some individuals through the Ryan White CARE Program prior to that.
n25

   Since 1995, total spending has increased from $ 250 million to almost $ 4
billion, largely because of increased spending on protease inhibitors and
nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors. Figure B1 also demonstrates the
large share of total spending on HIV/AIDS drugs financed by public sources,
nearly 50 percent from 1996 onward. On the basis of the above data, we
parameterize [delta] /p[s] to equal .5.

    [*515]   Figure B1. National spending on HIV/AIDS drugs

Elasticity of Demand and the Number of Altruists

   We use the familiar monopolist markup condition, (p - c)/p = 1/ [epsilon], to
provide an estimate of the elasticity of demand for HIV/AIDS drugs.  n26 Using
estimates from the literature on the prices of generic drugs relative to their
branded counterparts, we assume variable costs to be no more than 20 percent of
sales (see Caves, Whinston, and Hurwitz 1991).  n27 With constant returns to
scale in variable costs, marginal cost is constant and equal to variable cost.
This suggests that (p - c)/p = .8 or, alternatively, that [epsilon] = 1.25.

   We assume the number of altruists financing HIV drug consumption, N, to equal
190 million annually. This is the average number of adults alive in the United
States each year from 1980 to 2000. While this figure does not reflect the
annual number of taxpayers in the United States, it does partly capture
nonworking individuals in households who also benefit from the external
consumption effect. Note that our choice of N will not alter the aggregate value
that altruists place on consumer surplus--it simply affects our estimates of the
per-altruist external consumption benefit.

    [*516]  References

Acemoglu, Daron, and Joshua Linn. 2004. Market Size in Innovation: Theory and
Evidence from the Pharmaceutical Industry. Quarterly Journal of Economics
119:1049-90.
Anderson, Roy M., and Robert M. May. 1991. Infectious Diseases of Humans:
Dynamics and Control Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Arrow, Kenneth. 1961. Economic Welfare and the Allocation of Research for
Invention. Pp. 609-26 in The Rate and Direction of Inventive Activity: Economic
and Social Factors, edited by Richard Nelson. Princeton, N.J.: Princeton
University Press.
Becker, Gary, Tomas Philipson, and Rodrigo Soares. 2005. The Quantity and
Quality of Life and the Evolution of World Inequality. American Economic Review
95:277-91.
Caves, Richard, Michael Whinston, and Mark Hurwitz. 1991. Patent Expiration,
Entry, and Competition in the U.S. Pharmaceutical Industry. Pp. 1-66 in
Brookings Papers on Economic Activity, Microeconomics 1991, edited by Clifford
Winston and Martin Neil Baily. Washington, D.C.: Brookings Institution Press.
Commission on Macroeconomics and Health. 2001. Macroeconomics and Health:
Investing in Health for Economic Development. Geneva: World Health Organization.

Cutler, David, Genia Long, Ernst R. Berndt, Jimmy Royer, Andree-Anne Fournier,
Alicia Sasser, and Pierre Cremleux. 2007. The Value of Anti-hypertensive Drugs:
A Perspective on Medical Innovation. Health Affairs 26(1):97-110.
Cutler, David, and Mark McClellan. 2001. Is Technological Change in Medicine
Worth It? Health Affairs 20(5):11-29.
Cutler, David, and Ellen Meara. 2000. The Technology of Birth: Is It Worth It?
Forum for Health Economics and Policy, Frontiers in Health Policy Research 3,
art. 3. http://www.bepress.com/fhep/3/3/.
Cutler, David, Allison Rosen, and Sandeep Vijan. 2006. The Value of Medical
Spending in the United States, 1960-2000. New England Journal of Medicine
355:920-27.
Finkelstein, Amy. 2004. Static and Dynamic Effects of Health Policy: Evidence
from the Vaccine Industry. Quarterly Journal of Economics 119:527-64.
Garber, Alan, Charles Jones, and Paul Romer. 2006. Insurance and Incentives for
Medical Innovation. NBER Working Paper No. 12080. National Bureau of Economic
Research, Cambridge, Mass.
Grabowski, Henry. 2003. Increasing R&D Incentives for Neglected Diseases:
Lessons from the Orphan Drug Act. Working paper. Duke University, Department of
Economics, Durham, N.C.
Grossman, Gene, and Edwin Lai. 2002. International Protection of IP. NBER
Working Paper No. 8704. National Bureau of Economic Research, Cambridge, Mass.
Hollis, Aidan. 2005. An Efficient Reward System for Pharmaceutical Innovation.
Working paper. University of Calgary, Department of Economics, Calgary.
Jena, Anupam B., and Tomas Philipson. 2008a. Cost-Effectiveness Analysis and
Innovation. Journal of Health Economics 27:1224-36.

      . 2008b. Innovation and Technology Adoption in Health Care Markets.
Washington, D.C.: American Enterprise Institute Press.
Jones, Charles, and John Williams. 2000. Too Much of a Good Thing? The Economics
of Investment in R&D. Journal of Economic Growth 5:65-85.
Kaiser Commission on Medicaid and the Uninsured. 2006. Medicaid and Long-Term
Care Services. Publication No. 2186-04. Washington, D.C.: Kaiser Family
Foundation.
Kanter, James. 2005. Roche Offers to Negotiate on Flu Drug. New York Times,
October 19.
 [*517]  Kates, Jennifer, and Alyssa Wilson. 2004. Medicaid and HIV/AIDS.
HIV/AIDS Policy Fact Sheet No. 7172. Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation, Menlo
Park, Calif.
http://www.kff.org/medicaid/upload/Fact-Sheet-Medicaid-and-HIV-AIDS.pdf.
Kremer, Michael. 2002. Pharmaceuticals and the Developing World. Journal of
Economic Perspectives 16(4):67-90.
Kremer, Michael, and Rachel Glennerster. 2004. Strong Medicine: Creating
Incentives for Pharmaceutical Research on Neglected Diseases. Princeton, N.J.:
Princeton University Press.
Laffont, J.-J. 1987. Externalities. Pp. 263-65 in The New Palgrave: A Dictionary
of Economics, edited by John Eatwell, Murray Milgate, and Peter Newman. London:
Macmillan.
Lanjouw, Jean. 2002. A New Global Patent Regime for Diseases: U.S. and
International Legal Issues. Harvard Journal of Law and Technology 16:85-124.
Lichtenberg, Frank R. 2006. The Impact of Increased Utilization of HIV Drugs on
Longevity and Medical Expenditure: An Assessment Based on Aggregate U.S. Time
Series Data. Expert Review of Pharmacoeconomics and Outcomes Research 6:425-36.
Newhouse, Joseph P. 1992. Medical Care Costs: How Much Welfare Loss? Journal of
Economic Perspectives 6(3):3-21.
Nordhaus, William D. 1969. Invention, Growth, and Welfare: A Theoretical
Treatment of Technological Change. Cambridge, Mass.: MIT Press.

      . 1972. The Optimum Life of a Patent: Reply. American Economic Review
62:428-31.
Outterson, Kevin. 2005. Pharmaceutical Arbitrage: Balancing Access and
Innovation in International Prescription Drug Markets. Yale Journal of Health
Policy, Law, and Ethics 5:193-286.
Parry, Ian. 1995. Optimal Pollution Taxes and Endogenous Technological Change.
Resource and Energy Economics 17:69-85.
Parry, Ian, William Pizer, and Carolyn Fischer. 2000. How Important Is
Technological Innovation in Protecting the Environment? Discussion Paper No.
00-15. Resources for the Future, Washington, D.C.
Philipson, Tomas. 2000. Economic Epidemiology and Infectious Diseases. Pp.
1761-1802 in Handbook of Health Economics, vol. 1B, edited by Anthony J. Culyer
and Joseph P. Newhouse. New York: North-Holland.
Philipson, Tomas, and Anupam B. Jena. 2006. Who Benefits from New Medical
Technologies? Estimates of Producer and Consumer Surpluses for HIV/AIDS Drugs.
Forum for Health Economics and Policy, Biomedical Research and the Economy 9(2),
art. 3. http://www.bepress.com/fhep/biomedical_research/3.
Philipson, Tomas, Anupam B. Jena, and Stephane Mechoulan. 2011. Economic
Efficiency and Incentives for R&D in Developing-World Disease. Working paper.
University of Chicago, Harris School of Public Policy, Chicago.
Philipson, Tomas, and Stephane Mechoulan. 2003. Intellectual Property and
External Consumption Effects: Generalizations from Pharmaceutical Markets. NBER
Working Paper No. 9598. National Bureau of Economic Research, Cambridge, Mass.
Pigou, Arthur C. 1932. Economics of Welfare. 4th ed. London: Macmillan.
Ringel, Jeanne, Susan Hosek, Ben Vollaard, and Sergej Mahnovski. 2002. The
Elasticity of Demand for Health Care: A Review of the Literature and Its
Application to the Military Health System. Santa Monica, Calif.: RAND.
Rosen, Allison B., David M. Cutler, Douglas M. Norton, Hsou Mei Hu, and Sandeep
[*518]  Vijan. 2007. The Value of Coronary Heart Disease Care for the Elderly,
1987-2002. Health Affairs 26:111-23.
Saint-Paul, Gilles. 2004. Are Intellectual Property Rights Unfair? Labour
Economics 11: 129-44.
Scotchmer, Suzanne. 2006. Innovation and Incentives. Cambridge, Mass.: MIT
Press. Tirole, Jean. 1988. The Theory of Industrial Organization. Cambridge,
Mass.: MIT Press. Weinstein, Milton C. 1995. From Cost-Effectiveness Ratios to
Resource Allocation: Where to Draw the Line? Pp. 77-97 in Valuing Health Care,
edited by Frank A. Sloan. New York: Cambridge University Press.
Weisbrod, Burton. 1991. The Health Care Quadrilemma: An Essay on Technological
Change, Insurance, Quality of Care, and Cost Containment. Journal of Economic
Literature 29:523-52.
Wright, Brian D. 1983. The Economics of Invention Incentives: Patents, Prizes,
and Research Contracts. American Economic Review 73:691-707.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Contracts LawSales of GoodsDamages & RemediesGeneral OverviewPatent
LawInequitable ConductGeneral OverviewPatent LawRemediesGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:





n1  Many other industries--such as research tools industries; industries with
network, peer group, or herd effects; clean-energy industries; and industries in
which production induces pollution--seem to involve similar issues of balancing
externalities ex post with research and development (R&D) incentives ex ante.





n2  Of course, there is a vast literature on the external effects of the R&D
process itself rather than on the external consumption effects of the final
good; see, for example, Jones and Williams (2000).





n3  See Parry (1995) for an analysis of the optimal pollution tax when the state
of technology is endogenous.





n4  We ignore the debate over drug companies making more money from copycat
drugs than from true innovations, making investment incentives too high; that
is, we assume that innovation leads to substantive surplus creation.





n5  Note that the failure of Pigouvian solutions is not necessarily caused by
the fact that patents are second-best methods of stimulating R&D. To illustrate,
consider the case in which full-price discrimination among consumers is feasible
so that in the absence of externalities, patents would induce a first-best
allocation. However, even in that case, patents are never first best when there
is an externality. This is because price discrimination does not allow the firm
to capture surplus derived from nonconsumers. This implies that under a positive
externality, the monopolist always under-invests in R&D. Conversely, when the
externality is negative, the producer may overinvest in R&D.





n6  A similar example is related to the recent increase in avian flu. Roche
Pharmaceuticals, maker of Tamiflu (a recommended treatment for avian flu), is
facing significant pressure from several governments to allow generic
distribution of its drug. While Tamiflu is still under patent, a number of Asian
governments have threatened to bypass the patent and proceed with generic
manufacturing if negotiated licensing fees are too high (Kanter 2005).





n7  The exception is when the patent monopolists fully capture social surplus
through price discrimination, in which case the optimal prize and optimal patent
(infinite in length) yield the same dynamic welfare.





n8  Note that the effect of the size of the externality on patent length is
ambiguous. For instance, a larger positive externality not only raises the
social value of the invention but also increases the harm imposed by restricting
its consumption through patents, creating two offsetting forces on the optimal
patent life.





n9  For simplicity, we assume that subsidization is on a per-unit basis. Since
health care is characterized by some beneficiaries receiving free care (for
example, those on Medicaid) and others receiving no subsidization, we interpret
our subsidies to be average subsidies to the entire population.





n10  The increase in N, through its effect on the subsidy, will increase output.
Specifically, note that the quantity demanded by consumers depends on the price
they face, which in turn depends on the subsidy. A lower per-person cost of
subsidizing a given level of output will lead to an increase in the per-unit
subsidy, [delta], and consequently in output. While this could possibly even
lead to an overall increase in per-person costs ([delta] y/N), per-person costs
will certainly increase above the level that would prevail if N were to increase
without any compensating changes in [delta] and y.





n11  Moreover, small observed shares are consistent with a negative external
consumption effect. Since the subsidy is designed to induce a socially optimal
output, if output is observed to be below the level that would be socially
optimal in the absence of altruism, it must be because there is a negative
externality.





n12  As discussed in Appendix B, AIDS medications are largely subsidized by two
programs, Medicaid and the AIDS Drug Assistance Program (ADAP), the latter
administered through the federal Ryan White Comprehensive AIDS Resources
Emergency (CARE) Program.





n13  For example, demand for HIV/AIDS drugs may be more elastic because of the
natural complementarities between life extension and the consumption of these
drugs.





n14  An alternative specification of the externality would be e(y) = N [alpha] y
, interpreted as altruists caring about the health of others rather than their
welfare (as is true when e(y) = N [alpha] s(y)). In this case, the share of the
supply price that is subsidized, [delta] /p[s], is equal to [cy + N [alpha] y
(([epsilon] - 1)]/[cy ([epsilon] + 1) - N [alpha] y]. If variable costs are 20
percent of sales, cy = $ 15 billion; meanwhile, d/p[s] = .5 and [epsilon] =
1.25. Thus, the gross altruistic benefit (N [alpha] y) is $ 2.5 billion. In
light of the $ 99 billion predicted above, this result stresses the discrepancy
between a wrong but commonly accepted measure of welfare--namely, health--and
actual welfare.





n15  Jena and Philipson (2008a) develop a methodology to link observed estimates
of cost-effectiveness to surplus appropriation by producers. In their
examination of over 200 health care technologies, the median ratio of gross
benefits to spending was nearly 5, which is in line with published estimates
that consumers obtain $ 4-$ 5 of benefits for every dollar spent.





n16  In 2003, prescription drugs (the lion's share of spending being for
on-patent formulations) amounted to 11 percent of U.S. health care spending. The
vast majority of spending was on hospitals (32 percent), physicians (22
percent), and nursing, home health, and other professional services (19
percent).





n17  Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, National Health Expenditure
Data (http://www.cms.hhs.gov/nationalhealthexpenddata/).





n18  Some proposals even demand that shareholders of innovative firms not only
fund R&D to discover new treatments but by reducing prices also cover the bill
to satisfy the altruistic desires of the tax base.





n19  See also Grossman and Lai (2002), who discuss the protection of
intellectual property across countries.





n20  In the United States, the BioShield legislation authorized $ 5.6 billion
over 10 years for the government to purchase vaccines and drugs to fight
anthrax, smallpox, and other potential agents of bioterror (Project Bioshield
Act of 2004, Pub. Law No. 108-276, 118 Stat. 835 [July 21, 2004]).





n21  For a description of the main features of the act, see U.S. Food and Drug
Administration, Developing Products for Rare Diseases and Conditions
(http://www.fda.gov/orphan). Also see Grabowski (2003) for a related but
independent discussion.





n22  Eligibility for supplemental security income requires an income below 74
percent of the federal poverty line. In 2004, this amounted to an annual income
of nearly $ 7,000.





n23  Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Medicaid Information for
States, Providers, and Certain Low-Income Individuals and Families
(http://www.cms.hhs.gov/medicaid/drugs/drug5.asp).





n24  Key Milestones in CMS Programs can be downloaded at Centers for Medicare
and Medicaid Services, History: Overview (http://www.cms.gov/history).





n25  Jennifer Kates, policy analyst, Kaiser Family Foundation, e-mail
correspondence with Anupam Jena, August 2005.





n26  Since the monopolist produces only in the elastic portion of the demand
curve, [epsilon] is bounded from below by unity.





n27  We use the price of generic drugs as an upper bound of the marginal costs
of production. Caves, Whinston, and Hurwitz (1991) estimate that with 20 generic
competitors, the ratio of prices between generic and branded drugs is roughly 20
percent.


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                               February 13, 1995

HENRY FORD PLANS  NEW CENTER EXPANSION

SECTION: Late News; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1240 words


Henry Ford Health System is laying the groundwork for major expansion at its New
Center main campus, the company said.

Within the next several months, the health-care company will submit a plan to
re-design and renovate Henry Ford Hospital and other buildings at the site, said
company spokesman, Dwight Angell. He said the company hasn't put a dollar amount
yet on the con-struction. Henry Ford Health System will need approval from the
Michigan Department of Public Health before it can go forward with construction.

Steve Raphael

Fischer goes to airline

Detroit attorney Andrea Fischer has left Miller, Canfield, Paddock & Stone to
accept a top governmental-affairs position with the Romulus office of Northwest
Airlines. Fischer, 36, will coordinate contract negotiations between the airline
and Wayne County over the expansion of Detroit Metropolitan Airport, said Archie
Yawn, Northwest's director of governmental affairs in Livonia. She also will
monitor state and federal support for airport improvements, he said. Fischer
specialized as a government-contracts attorney at Miller Canfield, where she was
a senior principal.

David Barkholz

Option for MSE stock acquired by Fla. firm

A Fort Lauderdale, Fla.-based cable and telecommunications company has acquired
the option to buy MSE Cable Systems Inc. stock from a local company owned by a
former MSE executive.

Telecable Communications Corp. wants to purchase 2.7 million shares, or 42
percent of MSE stock, from Troy-based Doyle Investment Group L.L.C. for $1.25
per share, said Thomas Nix, executive vice president of cable operations for
Telecable. Then, Telecable will solicit other MSE shareholders. Currently,
Bellevue, Wash.-based Cable Plus Inc. is trying to buy MSE stock for 68 cents a
share.

Steve Raphael

Liquor license opposed

Dozens of people packed a Michigan Liquor Control Commission hearing in Lincoln
Park to oppose businessman Albert Ammori's appeal of the January denial of plans
to transfer his packaged-liquor licenses to a new store.  Ammori wants to move
from a party store at 1570 E. Jefferson Ave. to a new store he is building at
1404 E. Jefferson. The commission will issue a decision in three weeks.

Michael Goodin

New AlliedSignal unit

AlliedSignal Automotive has created a global antilock-braking-system division
that will be based at its Southfield headquarters. The division will focus the
company's development of Bendix ABS, traction control and related systems for
cars and light trucks. It will also integrate AlliedSignal's current North
American and European ABS business operations and include a new global
core-product development group.

Joseph Gray has been named to head the new division. Gray had been president of
Bundy Corp. in Warren since 1994, having spent the previous 10 years as vice
president of North American ABS operations for Kelsey-Hayes Corp.

Marsha Stopa

Road grant awarded

Wayne County has won a $2.5 million Michigan Transportation Economic Development
Fund grant to realign a stretch of Ecorse Road at Willow Run Airport to allow a
runway extension. The $3.6 million project, which includes $1.1 million in local
matching funds, will relocate the road around the north end of the lengthened
runway.

The runway extension is considered key to a plan to develop Willow Run as an
international trade port. When extended to 10,500 feet, the runway will handle
fully loaded 747 cargo jets with enough fuel for international flights.
Depending on the conclusion of environmental studies, the runway would be
completed by November 1996 at the earliest.

Marsha Stopa

Contractor consolidates

General contractor Walbridge Aldinger Co. has consolidated its Chicago
operations. Terry Merritt, assistant corporate secretary, said Walbridge closed
its small Naperville, Ill., general-contracting office and merged it into its
four-month-old West Chicago affiliate, Belding Walbridge LLC, an
industrial-equipment installer.

Paul Gargaro

More Townsend moves

Townsend Hotel officials confirmed last week that food manager Peter Wodrich and
executive chef Demetri Lolis have been let go as part of the Townsend's ongoing
management reorganization. Crain's reported Feb. 6 that management at the
Birmingham hotel dismissed manager Otto Haensler the previous week and replaced
him with Michael Harman. Harman said the hotel has eliminated the position of
food manager but is searching for an executive chef.

Paul Gargaro

Kelley seeks rehearing

No hospitals withdrew their applications to build in Oakland County, so Attorney
General Frank Kelley filed a motion Tuesday with the state Supreme Court,
seeking a rehearing on a Michigan Court of Appeals decision. No date has been
set on a hearing, said Chris DeWitt, a spokesman for Kelley's office. Kelley
wants to overturn a ruling allowing the construction of new hospitals in Oakland
County without state approval.

Steve Raphael

Crain offices closed

The offices of Crain Communications Inc. will be closed Monday, Feb. 20, for
Presidents' Day.

No Crain's on Monday?

Crain's Detroit Business should arrive in the mail each Monday. If you
consistently have later delivery, please call 1-800-678-9595, ext. 426.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 Crain Communications Inc.


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                          February 17, 2010 Wednesday

Valentine's gala raises $45,000 for Dumont

BYLINE: Alan Cochrane

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 881  words


Under a Don Juan theme, the 15th Valentine's Day Gala at the Delta Beauséjour
hotel raised $45,000 for the Dr. Georges-L.-Dumont Hospital Foundation.

Pierre Gauvin, chairman of the Valentine's Day Gala Committee proudly passed the
cheque for $45,000 to the hospital's executive director Richard Losier. The
money will be used to benefit patients at the hospital.

Over 600 guests attended the event, a Dr. Georges-L. Dumont Hospital Foundation
annual fundraiser sponsored by National Bank Financial Group since 1995.

The pre-gala reception in the Mezzanine with jazz/blues group Moncton Mingus
Band was followed by a gourmet dinner featuring Marie-Ève Janvier, Jean-
François Breau and the Atlantic Ballet Theatre of Canada. There was also a
silent auction with artist Madeleine Raiche as well as a BMW draw. Local group
Angry Candy kept everyone dancing to the end of the night.

Since the Valentine's Day Gala debut in 1995, more than $515,000 has been raised
through its Foundation for the ongoing enhancement of health care services
offered to Dr. Georges L.-Dumont Regional Hospital patients.

Transportation Club meets tomorrow

The Transportation Club of Moncton will meet on Thursday, Feb. 18 at noon at
Fisherman's Paradise in Dieppe. Guest speaker will be Shane Esson, chairman of
the Atlantic Provinces Trucking Association (APTA). He will talk give an
overview of the trucking industry in Atlantic Canada. He will talk about the
challenges the industry has been faced with over the recent years such as high
fuel prices, the economic downturn, the higher Canadian dollar and its impact on
exports, the backhaul situation in Atlantic Canada, and the outlook for 2010. He
will also introduce the association's new executive-director, Jean-Marc Picard.

Cost of the luncheon is $25 for members $12.50 for students and retirees and $30
for non-members.

Marketing firm launches Marketainment

Local marketing firm i Communications will hold a launch of its new strategies
at the Empress Theatre next Monday, Feb. 22 at 11 a.m.

Company president Eric Gingles calls it a new evolution in marketing -- your
product or message wrapped in entertainment (Marketainment) -- that has been in
the works for a year and a half. Business New Brunswick Minister Victor Boudreau
is scheduled to be in attendance for the launch.

The Empress Theatre is located behind the Capitol, with the main entrance at 199
Robinson Court.

KIRA Awards call for nominations

The KIRA Awards, which celebrate New Brunswick's knowledge industry, are now
calling for nominations.

The 12th annual KIRA Awards will be handed out in Fredericton May 6 in a gala
hosted by Enterprise Fredericton. Nominations are now being accepted in seven
categories: Export-Product, Export--Service, Technological Advancement/
Innovation--Private Sector, Technological Advancement/Innovation -- Public
Sector, Employment Growth, Most Promising Start-up and Industry Person of the
Year. Nominations close on March 26.

For more information, visit www.kiraawards.ca.

Mount A. researcher wins grant

Dr. Bruce Robertson, Head of Classics at Mount Allison, was recently awarded
part of a $2 million grant from the Digging into Data Challenge organized by
leading research agencies from the UK, U.S., and Canada.

Robertson is teamed up with colleagues from Tufts University in Boston, the
University of Massachusetts Amherst, and Imperial College London for this
project.

Since 2001 Robertson has been encoding classical texts on computers to make them
more widely accessible. This grant enables him to apply his experience to deep
data mining of the entire 21st century digital library.

The project will determine patterns and connections in primary texts written in
Greek and Latin. A database will detail when these texts are referenced in
hundreds of thousands of secondary documents spanning over 2,000 years.

Moncton lawyer René Basque wins award

Moncton lawyer René Basque was recently named winner of the Canadian Bar
Association's (CBA) Douglas Miller Award. The award was presented Feb. 13.

René Basque practises corporate and civil litigation with Actus Law Droit in
Moncton. An active and enthusiastic CBA member for more than two decades, René
embodies the spirit of bilingualism that defines the CBA.

"René is an individual who is not afraid to stand up for his beliefs," says CBA
President Kevin Carroll. "He is responsible for bringing simultaneous
translation to Board of Directors meetings at our national association, thereby
allowing members to express their views in the language of their choice."

A past president of CBA-New Brunswick, René Basque has sat on the National Board
of Directors, the Awards Committee and on the Canadian Bar Insurance
Association. He is an adjudicator under the Canada Labour Code, and has lectured
at the Bar Admission course and at the Université de Moncton Faculty of Law.

The Douglas Miller Award honours the late Doug Miller of Yellowknife, a former
president of the Association's Northwest Territories Branch and a very active
CBA member who passed away in 1994. The award recognizes a CBA member who
demonstrates outstanding dedication and team spirit.

* The Cochrane Report appears each Wednesday and Saturday. Items for publication
may be sent by e-mail to cochrana@timestranscript.com, or by fax to
506-859-4904.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Free Press (Mankato, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 27, 2015 Tuesday

In New Ulm, challenge participants lose thousands

BYLINE: Nate Gotlieb, The Free Press, Mankato, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 501 words


Jan. 27--NEW ULM -- More than 2,200 participants lost more than 5,600 pounds
during the Heart of New Ulm's Lose It to Win It community health challenge.

The more than yearlong challenge started in June 2013 and ended in November with
results recently announced.

The 2,238 participants earned $59,175 in prize money for the community, which
has gone toward outdoor fitness equipment and bike-safety improvements.

Participants had to complete either a six-month or 12-month survey asking about
their health habits and at least three of four weigh-ins. They earned "health
points" by adopting healthy behaviors, such as physical activity, drinking water
and biking to work. They were put into a drawing for prizes if they earned more
than 400 points monthly.

The New Ulm Medical Center Foundation provided $50,000 for the challenge, and a
UnitedHealth Group grant provided another $50,000.

Cindy Winters, Heart of New Ulm project manager, said project leaders are
working on how they will spend the remaining $39,000.

Tom Henning, a retired New Ulm pastor, lost almost 40 pounds during the 12
months he participated in the challenge. He credited his success to the
six-days-a-week meal schedule the challenge provided him, which he said he
strictly followed.

He said the challenge introduced him to healthier foods, such as salsa, ground
turkey and egg substitutes, and said he has more energy and ambition since
completing it.

Screenings continue

The Heart of New Ulm project is in the midst of its biennial health screenings,
which project leaders use to gauge the community's progress in reducing the nine
modifiable risks of heart attacks.

Winters said the goal is to screen about 3,500 people. The project screened more
than 5,000 people during the initial screenings in 2009. More than 3,200 people
were screened in 2011, about 1,700 of whom had participated in the first
screening.

The data have shown that community members are engaging in positive behavioral
changes. The numbers of people exercising, eating five or more vegetables a day
and taking daily aspirin have increased, for example.

The current round of screenings will end in March, and it will take a couple of
months to dissect the data, Winters said. There will be one more community
screening when the project wraps up in 2018.

The Heart of New Ulm project was launched in 2009 with the goal of reducing
heart attacks in the city. The 10-year project, which is a collaborative
partnership of Allina Health, the Minneapolis Heart Institute Foundation and the
city of New Ulm, has been widely celebrated for its promising results.

The project recently received a $43,000 grant from Delta Dental to provide 11
dental practices with resources and tools to help oral health care providers
talk to their patients about the health impacts of their tobacco use and/or
sugar-sweetened beverages consumption.

___ (c)2015 The Free Press (Mankato, Minn.) Visit The Free Press (Mankato,
Minn.) at www.mankatofreepress.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150127-FP-In-New-Ulm-challenge-participants-lose-thousands-0127-20150127

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FP


                         Copyright 2015 The Free Press


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            April 28, 2001, Saturday

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; OBITUARIES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1685 words



BOOTH, GRANT W., 73, of Inverness, died Wednesday (April 25, 2001) in Inverness.
Born in Utica, N.Y., he came here 10 years ago from West Boxford, Mass. He was a
retired electrical engineer for Honeywell, received his master's degree from the
University of Pennsylvania and played an important role in the success of the
first lunar moon landing. He was an amateur pilot and was  Episcopalian.
Survivors include his wife of 40 years, Helen R. Hartley; a son, Michael J.
Morrisey, Edmond, Okla.; and a niece. Hooper Funeral Homes and Crematory,
Inverness.

COOK, ELSIE C., 84, of Spring Hill, died Thursday (April 26, 2001) in Spring
Hill. Born in Ontario, Canada, she came here nine years ago from Miami and was a
retired restaurant manager. She was Catholic. Survivors include a brother, Ray
Cunningham; a nephew; and two nieces, all of Ontario.. National Cremation
Society, Brooksville.

CRUMB, PREPA J., 74,  of Hernando, formerly of St. Petersburg, died Thursday
(April 26, 2001) at her daughter's home in St. Petersburg. Born in Oswego, N.Y.,
she moved to St. Petersburg in 1956, moving to Hernando in 1990. Before
retirement, she worked in the Pinellas County School Systems as a baker. She was
a member of Hernando United Methodist Church and was a former member of St.
James United Methodist Church of St. Petersburg. She was a member of the Order
of the Eastern Star chapter in Adams, N.Y., a member of United Methodist Women's
Society in Hernando and a member of American Legion Women's Auxiliary in Adams,
N.Y. Survivors include her husband of 55 years, James L.; two sons, the  Rev.
Stanley James, Deltona, and Wayne Edwin, Greensboro, N.C.; two daughters, Linda
L. Maschino, Groveland, and Deborah M. Richards, St. Petersburg; 12
grandchildren; and seven great-grandchildren. Blount, Curry and Roel Funeral
Homes and Cemeteries, St. Petersburg.

DRISCOLL, CLAIRE CATHERINE, 70, of Spring Hill, died Thursday (April 26, 2001)
at Brooksville Health Care Center. Born in Brooklyn, N.Y., she came here 14
years ago from Long Island, N.Y. She was retired from Bayonet Point Oxygen and
Hernando County Medical Supplies. She was a member of Women of the Moose 1765,
American Legion 186 Ladies Auxiliary, and Irish American Society of Spring Hill.
She attended St. Frances Cabrini Catholic Church. Survivors include a son,
Frank, Port Richey; a daughter, Susan White, New York; a sister, Fran Hall,
Spring Hill; and twin granddaughters. Brewer Memorial Funeral Homes and
Crematory, Seven Hills.

EDMONDSON, CAROLE, 68, of Brooksville, died Wednesday (April 25, 2001) at home.
Born in Newark, N.J., she came here 22 years ago from Rivervale, N.J. and was a
retired mortgage processor. She was Jewish. Survivors include a son, Alan
Breslow, New Hempstead, N.Y.; a brother, Donald Green, Florida; and a
grandchild. Robert and Son Cremation Service, Spring Hill.

LEIERZAPF, JOHN "JACK," 88, of Spring Hill, died Wednesday (April 25, 2001) at
Atria Assisted Living Facility in Brooksville. Born in New York City, he came
here 13 years ago from Norwood, N.J. He was a retired automobile technician and
an Army veteran of World War II. He was a member of St. Frances Cabrini Catholic
Church. Survivors include his son, John, Mahwah, N.J.; and two grandchildren.
Turner Funeral Homes, Spring Hill.

MACK, HAROLD E., 93, of Spring Hill, died Friday (April 27, 2001) at Brooksville
Health Care Center. Born in Brooklyn, N.Y., he came here nine years ago from
Valley Stream, N.Y. He retired from the refrigeration business and was a member
of the National Guard. He was a member of the National Rifle Association, the
Elks and Moose lodges, both of Spring Hill. He was Lutheran. Survivors include
his wife, Esther; a son, Barry E., Spring Hill; a sister, Lorraine Birnbach,
Smithtown, N.Y.; two grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren. Merritt Funeral
Home, Spring Hill.

MARTIN, VERONA CREEKMORE, 89, Inverness, died Thursday (April 26, 2001) at
Flagler Hospital in Bunnell. Born in Citra, she came here in 1934 from
Brooksville. She was a graduate of Stetson University and member of Delta Delta
Delta sorority. She was an honorary life member of the Florida Sheriffs
Association, charter member of the Inverness Golf and Country Club, Friends of
the Library, Inverness Women's Club, the United Daughters of the Confederacy and
the Daughters of the American Revolution. She was a member of the First
Presbyterian Church of Inverness. Survivors include her daughter, Dr. Verona M.
Groom, Palm Coast; a granddaughter; and a great-granddaughter. Chas. E. Davis
Funeral Home with Crematory, Inverness.

MILDE, NATALIE "AGNES," 88, of Beverly Hills, died Thursday (April 26, 2001) in
Ocala. Born in New York City, she came here 33 years ago from Bethpage, N.Y. She
was a retired chief telephone operator of the Eaton Corp. She was a member and
past president of the Kings and Queens Bowling League, past secretary and member
of the Hits and Misses Bowling League, and member of Deborah. She attended Our
Lady of Grace Catholic Church. Survivors include a son, James Duncan, Ocala; a
sister, Helen Sheridan, Bronx, N.Y.; seven grandchildren; and two
great-grandchildren. Hooper Funeral Homes and Crematory, Beverly Hills.

ROSSI, LOUISE M., 77, of Brooksville, died Thursday (April 26, 2001) at Oak Hill
Hospital. Born in Camden, N.J., she came here 11 years ago from Mount Holly,
N.J. She worked in food service all her life and was currently employed by Kmart
in Brooksville. She was Catholic. Survivors include a son, Tony, Brooksville;
three daughters, Carol Mainor, Stevi Taylor and Diane Stover, all of
Brooksville; a brother, Funzi Franco, Gloucester, N.J.; two sisters, Pat Gray,
Voorhees, N.J., and Rene Richards, West Berlin, N.J.; nine grandchildren; and
seven great-grandchildren. Turner Funeral Homes and Crematory, Brooksville.

SMITH, DR. S. JUNE "DR. JUNE," 95, of Lecanto, died Wednesday (April 25, 2001)
in Lecanto. Born in Lower Burrell, Pa., she came to Beverly Hills from
Lancaster, Pa., before moving to Lecanto. She received her bachelor of science
degree in early childhood education from Temple University and taught at
Millersville State Teachers College. She obtained her master's degree at
Columbia Teachers College and her doctorate in psychology from Pennsylvania
State University. She was a member of a variety of education and psychology
clubs, councils and associations, including Delta Kappa Gamma. She served on the
advisory council that organized the Bethany Nursery School for the Retarded.
This center was later named after her, the S. June Smith Center, in honor of her
work. She did much in the advancement of education for children with special
needs. She was a member of Life Line, the American Society of Psychologists and
the Beverly Hills Community Church. Survivors include two nephews and two
nieces; several great-nephews and great-nieces. Hooper Funeral Homes and
Crematory, Inverness.

STRMISKA, ANTHONY "TONY," 84, of Homosassa, died Thursday (April 26, 2001) at
Seven Rivers Community Hospital. He came here 23 years ago from his native
Norwalk, Conn. He was the owner of Local Refuse Co. in Norwalk for 25 years. For
seven years, he was the owner of the Office Bar and the Station Bar in
Homosassa, and was the owner of several property rentals. He was a Navy veteran
of World War II. He was a life member of the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 8189,
the Crystal River Moose Lodge 2013 and former member of Blanton-Thompson
American Legion Post 155. He attended St. Benedict's Catholic Church. Survivors
include his wife of 42 years, Lucille (Girard); three sons, Anthony "Donald,"
Shelton, Conn., Ron and Bill, both of Homosassa; two daughters, Diane Anderson,
Citrus Springs, and Michele Norberg, Beverly Hills; a brother, Frank, Norwalk;
10 grandchildren; and three great-grandchildren. Wilder-Fountains Funeral Home,
Homosassa Springs.

SWERK, IRENE E., 81, of Brooksville, died Wednesday (April 25, 2001) at Hernando
Pasco Hospice in Brooksville. Born in Aberdeen, Scotland, she came here 17 years
ago from Deming, N.M. Survivors include a son, Gerald W. Patrick, Winter Haven;
a brother, Cyril Bell, Clearwater; three sisters, Dorothy Scott and Marian
Pfeifer, both of Brooksville, and Pearl Hilts, Niagara Falls, N.Y.; several
nephews and nieces. National Cremation Society, Brooksville.

THOMPSON, TERESA DUFFY, 85, of Inverness, died Thursday (April 26, 2001) at
home. Born in County Donegal, Ireland, she moved here four years ago from Staten
Island, N.Y. She was a member of our Lady of Fatima Catholic Church. Survivors
include three sons, Terrence Thompson, New Dheli, India, Jaime Gonzalez, Staten
Island, N.Y., and Michael Blond, Inverness; two daughters, Sandra Candrilli,
Inverness, and Patricia Panzella, Orlando; two brothers, William Duffy,
Scotland, and Phillip Duffy, Ireland; a sister, Margaret Balkeen, Scotland; and
eight grandchildren. Chas. E. Davis Funeral Home, Inverness.

VINCENT, ROBERT L., 68, of Beverly Hills, died Thursday (April 26, 2001) in
Ocala. Born in Newburyport, Mass., he came here eight years ago from Kingston,
N.H. He was a retired supervisor for American Telephone and Telegraph in North
Andover, Mass. and a member of the Telephone Pioneers. He was an Army veteran of
the Korean and Vietnam wars. He received a Bronze Star in Vietnam and retired
achieving the rank of captain in the 3rd Battalion, 197th Field Artillery. He
was a life member of the Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 1088 in Kingston, N.H.,
and member of Crime Watch of Citrus County. He was Catholic. Survivors include
his wife, Carol Foss; three daughters, Lee-Ann Coyan, Gardnerville, Nev., Judy
Towle, Kingston, N.H., and Robyne Griffin, Mesquite, Texas; a stepson, Andrew
Goudreau, Lowell, Mass.; a stepdaughter, Lorraine Mousesian, Windham, N.H.;
three brothers, Raymond, Fontana, Calif., Frank, Rancho, Calif., and John,
Jacksonville; three sisters, Patricia Cline, Surprise, Ariz., Eleanor Mahaffey,
Milpitas, Calif., and Donna Daniels, Dyer, Nev.; and nine grandchildren. Hooper
Funeral Homes and Crematory, Beverly Hills.


LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES; CITRUS TIMES

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Prepa J. Crumb

TYPE: OBITUARY

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 12, 2010 Friday

Dentist office opens house

BYLINE: Jermaine Pigee, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 581 words


Nov. 12--WAPELLO -- Sunny Hamilton, a 2004 graduate of the University if Iowa
College of Dentistry, said owning her own practice is a dream come true.

"I've always wanted to be a dentist, and I've always wanted to own my own
practice," Hamilton said. "I never really thought it would be in Wapello, but
it's all worked out because my family is here."

A reception and open house will take place from 4 to 6 p.m. today for Sunshine
Dental, 220 N. Second St.

Hamilton, a Wapello native, opened Sunshine Dental Aug. 31, but the open house
was on hold until the office remodeling was nearly complete.

"The general contractor is still finishing up some shelves in the building right
now," she said. But "all the equipment has been in there since the day we
opened."

Hamilton said the equipment is "brand-new, state-of-the-art technology."

"There is some really nice technology we want to show off," she said. "We also
want to show the building off."

Hamilton opened the office with an educational loan repayment grant through the
Fulfilling Iowa's Need for Dentists grant. It recruits dentists to practice in
rural communities in underserved counties in Iowa.

"The grant was a $100,000 grant," Hamilton said. "That goes directly to pay off
my student loans. I paid quite a bit of the loans, so we probably won't use the
full amount."

Hamilton, 32, said she was disbursed a portion of the grant this year. She said
FIND only dispenses a small portion of the grant over a five-year period.

Hamilton also received funding from the Delta Dental of Iowa Loan Repayment
Program and from the Community Health Care of Wapello.

In addition to the FIND aid, the Iowa Area Development Group and Eastern Iowa
Light & Power also provided Hamilton with a $165,000 USDA zero-interest loan to
help with her startup costs.

To be eligible for the Loan Repayment Program, recipients agree to practice in a
designated dentist shortage area and devote at least 35 percent of their
practice to Medicaid-eligible, elderly, disabled and other underserved patients
over a three-year period.

Hamilton called herself a general dentist and said she does everything from
family practice dentistry to cosmetics.

"I do a little bit of oral surgery, extractions and root canals," she said.

Hamilton has three staff members and plans to hire a hygienist six months to a
year from now.

Her husband, Rocky, serves as the office manager. He runs the business side of
the practice and takes phone calls.

"There is such a need for dentists in smaller areas," Hamilton said. "It hasn't
been that difficult to get new patients to come to the office because there is a
need for dentists here."

To get new patients, Hamilton said she sent out direct mailings from about a
seven-mile radius from the center of Wapello. She also sent the mailings to the
rural parts of Wapello as well.

"We sent them out three weeks before we opened," she said. "We also put an ad in
the paper saying we are accepting new patients."

Hamilton started getting phone calls for people scheduling appointments a couple
of weeks before the office opened.

"We were pretty full by the time we opened," she said. "We have been pretty
fortunate so far."

To see more of The Hawk Eye or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thehawkeye.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101112-QW-Dentist-office-opens-house-1112-20101112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2010 The Hawk Eye


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Agriculture Secretary Announces Funding to Support Small and Emerging
Rural Businesses

LENGTH: 815  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that projects in 30 states and
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico will be funded to support small and emerging
rural businesses. The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) remains focused on
carrying out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty.
Today's announcement is one part of the Department's efforts to strengthen the
rural economy. Rural Business-Cooperative Service Administrator Lillian Salerno
made the announcement on behalf of Secretary Vilsack during a visit to highlight
the activities of the Memphis Bioworks Foundation, Inc., regarding an ongoing
project that was previously announced.

"The Obama Administration has been working to create economic opportunities in
rural communities and bring well-paying jobs to the people who live there,"
Salerno said. "Strategic investments in rural businesses like the ones we are
highlighting today not only help to deliver more products and services to local
customers, they also contribute to rural revitalization and economic development
in the small towns where these businesses are located."

The funding was made available through the Rural Business Enterprise Grant
(RBEG) program, which promotes development of small and emerging businesses in
rural areas. RBEGs may also be used to help fund distance learning networks and
employment-related adult education programs. Eligible applicants for the program
include public bodies, nonprofit corporations and federally recognized Indian
Tribes. Since the beginning of the Obama Administration, the RBEG program has
helped create or save more than 73,000 rural jobs, provided over $170.9 million
in economic development assistance, improved manufacturing capability, and
expanded health care and educational facilities, and has either expanded or
helped establish almost 41,070 rural businesses and community projects.

Salerno visited the Memphis Bioworks Foundation to be briefed on progress of a
$45,000 grant that is being used to expand the "Soldier to Civilian" (S2C)
project. The S2C project was launched by the Crockett Policy Institute in rural
west Tennessee to help veterans returning home find employment, and meet the
need for qualified agriculture workers in the area. Memphis Bioworks has teamed
with the Institute on the S2C project, and the grant will enable the program to
be extended to 110 counties in the Delta areas of Arksansas, Mississippi and
Tennessee.

Today's announcement includes a complete listing of the 131 recipients receiving
more than $6.5 million in USDA funding. The funding is contingent upon the
recipients meeting the terms of the grant agreement.

The RBEG program finances a broad range of business projects. For example, last
year, USDA provided an RBEG to furnish a conference facility at the new terminal
for Kaolin Field Airport in Sandersville, Georgia.

According to Administrator Salerno, today's announcement is another reminder of
the importance of USDA programs for rural America. A comprehensive new Food,
Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand the rural economy - and she said that's
just one reason why Congress must get a comprehensive Food, Farm and Jobs Bill
done as soon as possible.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 The Foothills Sun-Gazette (Exeter, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 4, 2014

First 5 delivers big results with small grants

BYLINE: The Foothills Sun-Gazette staff

LENGTH: 581  words


Organizations throughout Tulare County are enriching the lives of children ages
zero to five thanks to the Special Project Grants administered each year by
First 5 Tulare County.

Funding for First 5 is provided through Proposition 0, a tax on tobacco products
passed by California voters in 1998. The newly released Annual Report for
2012-2013 reports that nearly $4.6 million was invested in programs to enhance
children's health and school readiness and to strengthen their families. By
year's end, over 19,000 children and nearly 12,000 caregivers benefitted in some
way from programs funded through Proposition 10.

Over the years, First 5 has allocated significant funds to large projects and
comprehensive programs such as the helipad at Kaweah Delta Medical Center,
Family Resource Centers, and pediatric specialists.

Smaller, lower-budget projects are the focus of the Special Project Grant
program.

Among the programs detailed in the Annual Report is a summer program of the
Blind Babies Foundation. Preschoolers with visual impairments are introduced to
Braille concepts and Braille numbers to help them become better prepared for
school.

Maple Preschool students in Tulare received properly fitted bike helmets.

Central California Family Crisis Center and CASA received car seats to allow
staff to safely transport young children who are receiving services.

Preschoolers and kindergarteners at Sunnyside Union Elementary School are
learning on iPads and LeapPads to become better prepared for school and to meet
Common Core technology standards.

Lion's Club volunteers received funding for a portable vision screen device that
they use at local events. The device indicates when a child needs a professional
eye exam.

Children at county clinics in Visalia, Tulare and Farmersville can now receive a
fluoride varnish to help prevent cavities.

These programs and many more are making a difference in the lives of young
children and the First 5 Tulare County Commission and staff are proud of what is
accomplished each year. The needs are great and meeting them all is not a
realistic goal. So, we focus on four key areas: children are healthy; children
are ready for school; families are strong; service systems function well.

First 5 also requires that funded agencies provide Financials, data on the
number of children and families served, and documentation that all programs
focus on children ages zero to five and pregnant women. Accountability is one of
the keys to success.

A popular catch-phrase today points out the divergent directions our children
face: "cradle to career or cradle to prison." An overarching goal of First 5
Tulare County is to help Tulare County families move past crisis, for their
children to be healthy and successful in school and for their futures to be
brighter.

Thanks to partnerships in education, health care, social services and more,
First 5 Tulare County is making a long-term impact on little lives.

-Christine Nelson, MD, is a pediatric hospitalist and a member of Sequoia
Pediatric Group, Inc., in Visalia. Previously, Dr. Nelson spent many years
teaching medical students and residents as a fulltime faculty member of the
University of California Irvine's Department of Pediatrics and later in fulltime
pediatric practice. For information on First 5 Tulare County, call 622-8650, or
visit the website, www.first5tc.org.

This column is not a news article but the opinion of the writer and does not
reflect the views of The Foothills Sun-Gazette newspaper.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FSG

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2014 The Foothills Sun-Gazette


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                          October 19, 2005, Wednesday

IRRB to weigh $ 1.3 million in loans

BYLINE: By Lee Bloomquist

LENGTH: 681 words



More than $ 1.3 million in loans that would create 72 jobs across Northeastern
Minnesota's Taconite Tax Relief Area will be considered Thursday by the Iron
Range Resources board.

The 13-member board also is scheduled to vote on $ 286,000 in grants to
communities and business associations and $ 50,000 to help hire a bankruptcy
attorney who would represent some state agencies and the city of Duluth in
pursuing money owed by bankrupt Northwest Airlines.

The Minnesota Department of Finance ($ 100,000), Minnesota Department of Revenue
($ 25,000) and the city of Duluth ($ 75,000) have determined that pooling their
money would be the most effective way to pursue individual claims against
Northwest, Iron Range Resources Commissioner Sandy Layman said in an
informational packet.

Other state agencies, the Metropolitan Airports Commission and St. Louis County
have financial claims, she said. The airports commission and St. Louis County
plan to independently pursue their claims against Northwest, Layman said.

If hired, the attorney would represent Iron Range Resources, Duluth and the
other two state agencies as bankruptcy proceedings unfold in New York, she said.

The Iron Range Resources board, which usually holds meetings on a quarterly
basis, will consider the Northwest expenditure and about a dozen other issues at
5 p.m. at the agency's headquarters south of Eveleth along Highway 53.

Layman said she may present the board with a request to amend a loan package
made to Mesabi Nugget.

Mesabi Nugget is seeking to build a 500,000 metric-ton-per-year iron nugget
plant at the Cliffs-Erie mining site near Aurora, Minn. If built, the plant
would be the first of its kind in the world.

Other items to be considered by the board:

-- A $ 5,000 grant to the city of Biwabik for planning services, including
rezoning of annexed property.

-- A $ 10,000 grant to Greenway Area Business Association to develop a master
plan for a Highway 169 corridor.

-- A $ 146,000 grant to Ironworld Development Corp., for administrative and
startup transitional expenses.

-- A $ 25,000 grant to Minnesota Technology Inc. for a program that studies what
companies need from suppliers.

-- A $ 50,000 grant to Northshore Business Enterprise Center for construction of
an access road and raw-material staging area.

-- A $ 50,000 grant to the city of Buhl to help offset infrastructure
development costs at an Occupational Development Center Inc. expansion.

-- A $ 350,000 loan to Itasca Development Corp. to help construct a $ 1.9
million, 15,000 square-foot office building near Eagle Ridge Golf Course in
Coleraine.

-- A $ 250,000 loan to Staver Foundry Inc. of Virginia for upgrades and
maintenance. Fifteen full-time jobs would be created.

-- A $ 215,000 loan to Davich Properties Inc. to buy the former Family Resource
Center building in Hibbing and equipment for Advantage Billing Concepts Inc., a
health-care billing firm. Fifteen jobs would be created.

-- A $ 250,000 loan to CharterWest Mortgage LLC to establish a loan center in
Grand Rapids. Thirty-six jobs would be created by the end of 2006 and 98 by the
end of 2007.

-- A $ 43,000 loan to KMDA Inc. to buy a building in Bovey for relocation and
expansion of the company's fishing-tackle business. Two full-time jobs and one
part-time employee would be added.

-- A $ 135,000 loan to Black Iron Rubber Co. of Babbitt to renovate and buy a
rubber plant in the city.

-- A $ 175,000 loan to Sunrise Bakery & Gourmet Foods in Hibbing for
construction of a $ 2 million building and equipment. Four jobs would be
created.


-----

To see more of the Duluth News-Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.DuluthSuperior.com.

Copyright (c) 2005, Duluth News-Tribune, Minn.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: DU-LOANS-JOBS-IRON-20051019

JOURNAL-CODE: DU

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                 Copyright 2005 Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           October 24, 2007 Wednesday

Dental coverage for adults has gaps

SECTION: 1A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 992 words


By Jan Biles

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

Teresa Schwab remembers the thousands of people who stood in line in February to
have cavities filled and decayed teeth pulled at the two-day Kansas Mission of
Mercy dental clinic at the Kansas Expocentre. Many of them drove hours to
receive the free dental care.

Schwab, executive director of Oral Health Kansas, remembers a man whose teeth
were in such bad shape that every one of them was pulled from his gums.

"He was happy about it because he had been in so much pain," she said.

While dental care is available to low-income children in Kansas through
Medicaid, the State Children's Health Insurance Program or safety net clinics,
it is a different story for adults.

Schwab said Medicaid didn't offer dental coverage for any adult prior to the
2006 legislative session. Aching and infected teeth often were ignored - even
though they grew worse - because the person couldn't pay for dental care out of
his or her pocket.

"So they would end up in the emergency room," she said.

Federal Medicaid regulations allow each state to decide whether to provide
dental services to its recipients, Schwab said.

The 2006 Legislature expanded Medicaid dental benefits to adults with traumatic
brain injury or physical and developmental disabilities who qualify for the Home
and Community-Based Services waiver. The measure went into effect on April 1.

The 2007 Legislature further expanded Medicaid dental coverage to those who
qualify for the HCBS-frail elderly waiver, effective Oct. 1.

Even with those measures, Schwab said, about 75,000 adult Medicaid recipients
will have no dental benefits. Of that number, about 6,600 are pregnant women.

She is concerned because research shows poor oral health is tied to heart
disease, low-birth rates, diabetes, stroke and other medical conditions. Poor
oral health also affects sleep, diet, psychological status, social interaction
and, in some cases, ability to secure a job.

"It's an issue we need to put attention on," she said, adding that dental
problems are often preventable with screening and education. "That's what is so
frustrating."

A lack of providers

Kevin Robertson, executive director of the Kansas Dental Association, says it
has been almost seven years since Kansas dentists have seen an increase in
Medicaid reimbursement rates.

Dentists used to get 100 percent of the average fee for dental services,
Robertson said, but current reimbursement rates run from 35 percent to 75
percent when inflation is factored in.

"Losing money is the bottom line," he said.

In addition to lagging reimbursement rates, Robertson said the "no-show rate" is
higher for Medicaid patients than other patients. A patient who doesn't show up
for an appointment translates into lost income for the dentist.

"It makes it more difficult for a clinic to set their schedules," he said.

Robertson said the Kansas Dental Association conducted an informal study in 2001
that asked dentists to take a look at canceled appointments during the month of
June. The study included appointments canceled within the prior 24 hours and
no-shows.

The study showed one in every three canceled and no-show appointments was for a
Medicaid patient.

As of August, Robertson said, 325 dental care providers were accepting Medicaid
recipients, a 6 percent increase from the previous year. Last year, 306
providers accepted Medicaid patients.

Robertson said 256 providers were taking HealthWave beneficiaries in August, up
from 237 providers last year.

HealthWave includes both Medicaid and SCHIP, which provides health care coverage
for low-income children who don't qualify for Medicaid.

According to the Kansas Dental Board Web site, Kansas has 1,395 active licensed
dentists.

Taking action

Several initiatives are being implemented in Kansas to make dental care more
accessible to underserved populations:

n\u2002Safety net clinics across the state are planning to bolster their
capacity to provide dental care. The goal is to have 37 dentists and 17 dental
hygienists providing care on a paid or volunteer basis by 2009.

On average, a dentist working at a safety net clinic can provide services to
about 2,500 patients a year. Currently, 16 of the state's 33 safety net clinics
offer dental care.

n GraceMed Dental Clinic in Wichita, Oral Health Kansas, Kansas Office of Oral
Health, and Kansas Department of Health and Environment's Services for Children
with Special Health Care Needs will share a four-year, $640,000 grant to ensure
access to dental care for children with special health care needs.

The project, expected to be operating by mid-2008, will provide specialty
treatment for children at GraceMed and develop a statewide education program
targeting parents and caregivers about the importance of oral health.

n\u2002Earlier this year, the Legislature appropriated $500,000 for a Dental Hub
Grant program, administered through KDHE. The program increases the number of
oral health professionals at clinics and uses dental hygienists at schools,
child care centers, senior centers or other community settings to perform exams,
clean teeth, apply fluoride varnish, etc., with their work reviewed by a
dentist.

Total funding for the project increased to about $2.5 million with commitments
from the United Methodist Health Ministry Fund, of Hutchinson; Sunflower
Foundation, of Topeka; Walter S. and Evan C. Jones Testamentary Trust, of
Emporia; REACH Healthcare Foundation, of Merriam; and Delta Dental of Kansas
Foundation, of Overland Park.

The eight safety net clinics receiving Dental Hub Grants are: Flint Hills
Community Health Center in Emporia; United Methodist Mexican-American Ministry
in Garden City; Community Health Center of Southeast Kansas in Pittsburg; Marian
Clinic in Topeka; Hunter Health Clinic and GraceMed Health Clinic, both in
Wichita; Salina Family Health Care Center in Salina; and Konza Prairie Community
Health Center in Junction City.

Jan Biles can be reached

at (785) 295-1292 or jan.biles@cjonline.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           October 24, 2007 Wednesday

Dental coverage for adults has gaps

SECTION: 1A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 992 words


By Jan Biles

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

Teresa Schwab remembers the thousands of people who stood in line in February to
have cavities filled and decayed teeth pulled at the two-day Kansas Mission of
Mercy dental clinic at the Kansas Expocentre. Many of them drove hours to
receive the free dental care.

Schwab, executive director of Oral Health Kansas, remembers a man whose teeth
were in such bad shape that every one of them was pulled from his gums.

"He was happy about it because he had been in so much pain," she said.

While dental care is available to low-income children in Kansas through
Medicaid, the State Children's Health Insurance Program or safety net clinics,
it is a different story for adults.

Schwab said Medicaid didn't offer dental coverage for any adult prior to the
2006 legislative session. Aching and infected teeth often were ignored - even
though they grew worse - because the person couldn't pay for dental care out of
his or her pocket.

"So they would end up in the emergency room," she said.

Federal Medicaid regulations allow each state to decide whether to provide
dental services to its recipients, Schwab said.

The 2006 Legislature expanded Medicaid dental benefits to adults with traumatic
brain injury or physical and developmental disabilities who qualify for the Home
and Community-Based Services waiver. The measure went into effect on April 1.

The 2007 Legislature further expanded Medicaid dental coverage to those who
qualify for the HCBS-frail elderly waiver, effective Oct. 1.

Even with those measures, Schwab said, about 75,000 adult Medicaid recipients
will have no dental benefits. Of that number, about 6,600 are pregnant women.

She is concerned because research shows poor oral health is tied to heart
disease, low-birth rates, diabetes, stroke and other medical conditions. Poor
oral health also affects sleep, diet, psychological status, social interaction
and, in some cases, ability to secure a job.

"It's an issue we need to put attention on," she said, adding that dental
problems are often preventable with screening and education. "That's what is so
frustrating."

A lack of providers

Kevin Robertson, executive director of the Kansas Dental Association, says it
has been almost seven years since Kansas dentists have seen an increase in
Medicaid reimbursement rates.

Dentists used to get 100 percent of the average fee for dental services,
Robertson said, but current reimbursement rates run from 35 percent to 75
percent when inflation is factored in.

"Losing money is the bottom line," he said.

In addition to lagging reimbursement rates, Robertson said the "no-show rate" is
higher for Medicaid patients than other patients. A patient who doesn't show up
for an appointment translates into lost income for the dentist.

"It makes it more difficult for a clinic to set their schedules," he said.

Robertson said the Kansas Dental Association conducted an informal study in 2001
that asked dentists to take a look at canceled appointments during the month of
June. The study included appointments canceled within the prior 24 hours and
no-shows.

The study showed one in every three canceled and no-show appointments was for a
Medicaid patient.

As of August, Robertson said, 325 dental care providers were accepting Medicaid
recipients, a 6 percent increase from the previous year. Last year, 306
providers accepted Medicaid patients.

Robertson said 256 providers were taking HealthWave beneficiaries in August, up
from 237 providers last year.

HealthWave includes both Medicaid and SCHIP, which provides health care coverage
for low-income children who don't qualify for Medicaid.

According to the Kansas Dental Board Web site, Kansas has 1,395 active licensed
dentists.

Taking action

Several initiatives are being implemented in Kansas to make dental care more
accessible to underserved populations:

n\u2002Safety net clinics across the state are planning to bolster their
capacity to provide dental care. The goal is to have 37 dentists and 17 dental
hygienists providing care on a paid or volunteer basis by 2009.

On average, a dentist working at a safety net clinic can provide services to
about 2,500 patients a year. Currently, 16 of the state's 33 safety net clinics
offer dental care.

n GraceMed Dental Clinic in Wichita, Oral Health Kansas, Kansas Office of Oral
Health, and Kansas Department of Health and Environment's Services for Children
with Special Health Care Needs will share a four-year, $640,000 grant to ensure
access to dental care for children with special health care needs.

The project, expected to be operating by mid-2008, will provide specialty
treatment for children at GraceMed and develop a statewide education program
targeting parents and caregivers about the importance of oral health.

n\u2002Earlier this year, the Legislature appropriated $500,000 for a Dental Hub
Grant program, administered through KDHE. The program increases the number of
oral health professionals at clinics and uses dental hygienists at schools,
child care centers, senior centers or other community settings to perform exams,
clean teeth, apply fluoride varnish, etc., with their work reviewed by a
dentist.

Total funding for the project increased to about $2.5 million with commitments
from the United Methodist Health Ministry Fund, of Hutchinson; Sunflower
Foundation, of Topeka; Walter S. and Evan C. Jones Testamentary Trust, of
Emporia; REACH Healthcare Foundation, of Merriam; and Delta Dental of Kansas
Foundation, of Overland Park.

The eight safety net clinics receiving Dental Hub Grants are: Flint Hills
Community Health Center in Emporia; United Methodist Mexican-American Ministry
in Garden City; Community Health Center of Southeast Kansas in Pittsburg; Marian
Clinic in Topeka; Hunter Health Clinic and GraceMed Health Clinic, both in
Wichita; Salina Family Health Care Center in Salina; and Konza Prairie Community
Health Center in Junction City.

Jan Biles can be reached

at (785) 295-1292 or jan.biles@cjonline.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Brentwood News (California)

                      April 13, 2001 Friday FINAL EDITION

DELTA DATELINE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 02

LENGTH: 1284 words


Today

Good Friday procession

in Brentwood

The Easter procession by hundreds of parishioners of Immaculate Heart of Mary
Catholic Church will start at 6:30 p.m., streets will close on a city block
downtown as the church observes Good Friday. After a service in Spanish from 6
to 7 p.m. at the Veteran's Hall at 757 First St., the procession will move up
Maple Street to Second Street, then go west on Second Street to Pine Street and
back to First Street. The event is expected to last until 10 p.m.. Police will
enforce parking violations in the area.

Liberty scholars hold Easter egg hunt

The Liberty High School California Scholarship Federation hosts its 11th annual
Easter egg hunt at the Brentwood City Park on April 13. First hunt for kids 2-5
years old starts at 11 a.m. Second hunt for 6 to 10 years old starts at 11:30
a.m. Easter Bunny is posing for photos.

Saturday, April 14

Easter bunny hiding eggs in Knightsen

Knightsen Town Advisory Council, Knightsen Garden Club and the 4-H club will
hold an Easter egg hunt and community breakfast from 8 to 11 a.m. at Knightsen
Elementary School. The Easter egg hunt is free and will be divided up by age
groups. Breakfast is $4 per person.

Sunday, April 15

Ecumenical Easter service

An Ecumenical Sunrise Service will be held at 6:30 a.m. at Discovery Bay Country
Club parking lot. Mass of the Resurrection with St. Anne Choir will be at 8:30
a.m. with 10:30 a.m. Family Mass at Discovery Bay School, 1700 Willow Lake Road,
Discovery Bay.

Monday, April 16

Brentwood Rotary's weekly meeting

Brentwood Rotary is a local business service club that builds relationships
among members and supports the community in various charitable activities. The
club meets every Monday at noon at Bunkers Grille, 100 Summerset Drive,
Brentwood.

Tuesday, April 17

Fund-raising for the

Delta Family YMCA

The Invest in Youth Campaign kicks off. The goal is to reach $70,000 in
donations to allow the YMCA to provide youth and adults with programs, including
youth sports, child care and health and fitness programs. Scholarships are
provided to those in need. Send tax-deductible donation to Delta Family YMCA,
3460 Main St., Oakley, CA 94561.

Wednesday, April 18

Book Buddies to meet

Book Buddy read-aloud program meets from 3 to 5 p.m. every Wednesday at the
Oakley Library, 1050 Neroly Road. Open to all ages. For more information, call
625-2400.

Thursday, April 19

Informational meeting for John Muir facility

John Muir/Mt. Diablo Health System invites the community to an informational
meeting from 7 to 8:30 p.m. at Bristow Middle School, 855 Minnesota Avenue.
Representatives of the Health System and their design team will give an overview
of the planned medical facility on the southwest corner of Balfour Road and the
new Highway 4 Bypass in Brentwood. They will answer questions about the project
and future medical services planned for the site. For more information, call
Kathryn 925-296-0855.

Coming up

Harmonizing

confluence

The Brentwood Barbershop Spectacular will be held at 7 p.m. on April 21 at the
Allan E. Jones Performing Arts Center at Liberty High School. The show will
feature Devil Mountain Chorus from Walnut Creek, Portsmen Barbershop Chorus from
Stockton and Liberty High Schools Barbershop Chorus' and quartets Six Bits,
Liberty Belles, JAG and DIVA.

One Planet All For Peace sixth annual Earth Day

Information booths, exhibits and cultural presentations, sponsored by Give
Always to Others & Co., County East Mall and others, will be held from 10 a.m.
to 4 p.m. April 21 at County East Mall, 2550 Somersville Road, Antioch. For more
information, call 757-7401.

Veterans health and benefits fair

All veterans are encouraged to register to receive health care services through
the Department of Veterans Affairs and learn about current veterans benefits
from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. on April 21 at the Veterans Memorial Building, 186 E.
Leland Road, Pittsburg. Blood pressure screening, foot examinations, diabetes
screening and visual examination and lectures on current veterans benefits will
be available. Bring dd-214 or Honorable Discharge papers and a photo ID. Spouses
encouraged to attend. 925-676-7016.

Looking to spice up

your life?

The Bethel Island Chamber of Commerce will be hosting the third annual
International Chili Society Cook-off contest at noon on April 22 at Scout Hall,
Bethel Island. Everyone is invited to attend. For $3 anyone can purchase tasting
packets and become a People's Choice judge. There will be music, a raffle,
silent auction, a snack bar, a no-host bar and art show. For more information,
contact the Bethel Island Chamber of Commerce at 925-684-3220.

Gateway Christian School Fun Fair

Gateway Christian School will hold a fun fair from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. April 27 at
Lighthouse Baptist Church, Jeffrey Way off Lone Tree Way, Brentwood. A bake
sale, car wash, more than 30 different games and activities will be part of this
event. For more information, call 634-0493.

Got a spare Renoir or a Van Gogh?

Sell off your extra Renoirs, Van Goghs, Waterford and other stuff you no longer
have room for at Summerset's Annual Garage Sale from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. on April
28. The sale is open to all Summerset residents. Fee is $5 per participant.
Clubs who want to set up booths should contact the activity director.

Submissions to this column are invited. Please fax your items to us at 634-1149,
or mail information about your upcoming event at least two weeks in advance to:
Delta Datelines, Brentwood News, 1185 Second St., Suite H1A, Brentwood, CA
94513; or stop by our office. Send a fax to 634-1149 or e-mail
bnews@cctimes.com. We cannot take calendar items over the phone.

To become an

American citizen

Free assistance in filling out the INS forms N-400 and N-600 (certificate of
citizenship for children) will be offered from 1 to 7 p.m. April 28 at Pittsburg
Adult School, 1151 Stoneman Ave., Pittsburg. Call California Human Development
Corporation, 707-523-1155, or CHDC's Citizenship Department for more
information, 877-664-N400 (toll free).

Show and Shine

The Diablo Valley Mustang Association, sponsored by Delta Bay Mustang will host
their third annual Show and Shine from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. May 5 at Prewett Water
Park, 4701 Lone Tree Way, Antioch. This is a Ford Mustang only event with
awards, music and raffle prizes. Entries must be received by April 27. $15 entry
fee. For more information, call Barbara Guidotti, 625-3537.

Spring to life and run for the fun of it

The fourth annual Spring to Life Fun Run will be held from 8 to 11:30 a.m.,
April 28. The event, co-sponsored by the city and Actus Chiropractic, includes a
5K, 10K and 1-mile run-walk. The 1-mile run-walk is for participants 12 years
and under or 60-plus. Entry fee prior to April 17 is $15 for adults. After that
date, the fee is $20. The entry fee for those 12 and under is $5, regardless of
the date submitted.

Got a spare Renoir or a Van Gogh?

Sell off your extra Renoirs, Van Goghs, Waterford and other stuff you no longer
have room for at Summerset's Annual Garage Sale from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. on April
28. The sale is open to all Summerset residents. Fee is $5 per participant.
Clubs who want to set up booths should contact the activity director.

Submissions to this column are invited. Please fax your items to us at 634-1149,
or mail information about your upcoming event at least two weeks in advance to:
Delta Datelines, Brentwood News, 1185 Second St., Suite H1A, Brentwood, CA
94513; or stop by our office. Send a fax to 634-1149 or e-mail
bnews@cctimes.com. We cannot take calendar items over the phone.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               August 22, 2003 Friday Five Star Late Lift Edition

PEOPLE IN BUSINESS;
MOVERS AND SHAKERS IN ST. LOUIS BUSINESS

BYLINE: Compiled By Jo Krummrich

SECTION: BUSINESS; People In Business Column; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 503 words


Bull is named to head Argent Healthcare Services

Argent Healthcare Financial Services Inc. promoted William Bull to president and
chief executive. Bull had been division president for Argent's Midwest region,
where he was responsible for the management and profitability of the Chicago and
Belleville processing centers. He was president and chief executive of AAA
Credit Service until it was acquired by Argent in 1999. Bull also previously was
with Dial Finance and held positions with Accounts Management Corp. and
Washington University School of Medicine.

The St. Louis chapter of the National Association of Women Business Owners has
elected these officers: Donna Wolfersberger, Wolf-gang & Associates, president;
Ginni Campbell, Campbell Consulting Group, president-elect; Kim Kent, Kent
Communications, second vice president and membership chair; Dawn Jones,
Accounting Software Consulting Inc., treasurer.

Mark De Fusco was named president and chief executive of Vatterott College.
Furniture Brands International elected John Jordan Jr., PricewaterhouseCoopers,
to the international board of directors.

Murphy Co. promoted Tim Pederson to senior vice president of sales and
estimating. Jason Moehlman joined Evans & Dixon as an associate in the workers'
compensation practice.

Grant Beasley was promoted to executive sales specialist for Eli Lilly & Co.

Delta Dental of Missouri hired Vicki Mueller as national sales executive. Cole &
Associates hired Roy Vann as a survey crew chief.

Marcia Blattner was named a sales associate at Coldwell Banker Gundaker.

Lou Cariffe joined Shockley Real Estate as a broker-agent.

Marcie Prescott joined Trammell Crow Co. as marketing assistant. St. Andrew's
At-Home Service hired Angel McCormick as an elder-care specialist.

Re/Max-Connection hired Jerry Summers as a broker associate.

Ameristar Mortgage promoted Aaron Routt to assistant vice president.

Kelley Jundt joined Heideman Associates Inc. as business development
coordinator.

Drs. Cherese Collins and Pamela Campbell joined the staff of St. Anthony's
Medical Center, specializing in obstetrics and gynecology.

BKD, a certified public accounting and advisory firm, elected John Mather a
partner. Frederick Helfrich and Anthony Spratte were promoted to senior
managers, and Laura Schumacher was promoted to associate.

R. Kirk Gilleland joined the staff at J.W. Terrill, an insurance brokerage.

John McLaughlin was promoted to senior vice president at Daniel & Henry Co.

Hilton Garden Inn hired Gogo Navapant as general manager and Julie Lipson as
director of sales.

Diel & Forguson promoted Nancy Rehkemper to tax manager.

Jim Martel was appointed vice president, account management at Marketing
Horizons Inc.

Robert Schiffer was appointed a project manager at CB&E Construction Group.

Michael Banks was appointed vice president for academic affairs at St. Charles
Community College.

Helfrey, Simon & Jones added Eric Coulson as an associate in the business
litigation practice.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: To submit items: Jo Krummrich, St. Louis Post-Dispatch 900 North Tucker
Boulevard St. Louis, Mo. 63101 E-mail: jkrummrich@post-dispatch.com Phone:
314-340-8210 Fax: 314-340-3060

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo headshots - William Bull, Mark De Fusco, Vicki Mueller,
Marcie Prescott, Gogo Navapant, Julie Lipson

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 12, 1998, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

EDGAR'S RETIREMENT MAKES FOR CROWDED GOVERNOR'S RACE;
GEORGE RYAN LEADS GOP FIELD; DEMOCRATIC CONTEST FEATURES FOUR BIG NAMES

SECTION: VOTERS GUIDE, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1532 words


Gov. Jim Edgar's decision to retire after two terms may have contributed to a
busy Democratic primary election ballot, as that party struggles to get hold of
a job it hasn't won since 1972.

The Democrats' competition drew out four top names in Jim Burns, former U.S.
attorney of Northern Illinois; Roland Burris, who served one term as state
attorney general and three as comptroller; John Schmidt, the former U.S.
associate attorney general; and Glenn Poshard, a five-term congressman from
Southern Illinois.

Also on the Democrat ballot are Larry Burgess and Maurice Horton, who attracted
no significant support in their previous campaigns for various offices.

George H. Ryan, secretary of state and former lieutenant governor under James R.
Thompson, is seeking the Republican nomination in a contest against Chad Koppie,
a retired airline pilot who has garnered no significant support in previous
campaigns for statewide office.

The Reform Party ballot contains two names, including Morry "The Grizz" Taylor,
an industrialist from Quincy who ran for president in 1996 but said he was
nominated for governor without his agreement and does not plan to campaign. His
opponent is Lawrence Redmond of Chicago.

REPUBLICANS

CHAD KOPPIE

AGE: 60

HOME: Gilberts

OCCUPATION: Retired airline pilot

POLITICAL CAREER: Unsuccessful campaign for the U.S. Senate in 1992 and 1996.

PRIORITIES: 1. Fiscal responsibility - lower taking and spending. 2. Government
is too big and powerful. Reduce government. 3. Social responsibility - morality
and truth in government.

QUALIFICATIONS: I am a retired jumbo jet captain, 35 years for Delta, flew in
and out of St. Louis thousands of times. Last assignment was as No. 1 senior
captain flying out of New York City's Kennedy Airport across the Atlantic Ocean
to east and west Europe, acting as a good ambassador for Delta Airlines as well
as our country. I can fly jumbo jets with 300 passengers and I can fly the
governor's chair!

GEORGE H. RYAN

AGE: 64

HOME: Kankakee

OCCUPATION: Illinois secretary of state

POLITICAL CAREER: Secretary of state since 1991, lieutenant governor, 1983-91,
state representative 1973-83, House Republican leader 1977-81, speaker 1981-83,
member and chairman of Kankakee County Board.

PRIORITIES: My priorities will focus on raising the quality of education in our
schools, maintaining and boosting the economic vitality of every region of
Illinois so all are afforded opportunities in advance; and keeping our
neighborhoods safe. Additionally, I will focus on keeping the state tax burden
as low as possible by enacting efficiencies in government and helping reverse
the decay in society that is the root of so many problems in Illinois and the
nation.

QUALIFICATIONS: I believe I can make a difference in the lives of the people of
Illinois and move this state confidently into the 21st Century. Unlike most of
my opponents, I have extensive experience in forging bipartisan coalitions on
problems and issues that affect all Illinoisans. As speaker of the Illinois
House, lieutenant governor and secretary of state, I have focused government
services to help expand economic opportunities for businesses and individuals,
to combat violence and protect children and seniors, to make our
heavily-traveled roads safer, to advance libraries and adult literacy and to
increase awareness about the vital need for life-saving organ donations.

DEMOCRATS

LARRY BURGESS

AGE: 45

HOME: Chicago

OCCUPATION: President, NBFM Corp.

POLITICAL CAREER: Ran unsuccessfully for governor in 1986 and 1990.

PRIORITIES: Education - building a new university on Chicago's west side. Crime
- I plan to take a bite out of crime. Better leadership - religious plans to
work with churches. Health care - building a system. Housing - the real estate
owner stepping forward.

QUALIFICATIONS: Sumner High School and Forest Park Community College in St.
Louis, church in St. Louis, Arkansas and Chicago. Basketball player at Sumner
High. Worked around Chicago Bulls and Blackhawks for 15 years.

JIM BURNS

Did not respond to a questionnaire.

ROLAND W. BURRIS

AGE: 60

HOME: Chicago

OCCUPATION: Attorney

POLITICAL CAREER: Illinois attorney general 1991-95, state comptroller 1979-91,
director of the Illinois Department of General Services, 1973-77, vice chairman,
Democratic National Committee, 1985-89.

PRIORITIES: 1. I will make education, from pre-school through the public
schools, from community colleges to the universities and into the workplace, my
top priority. We must ensure that Illinois has the best education system in the
world. 2. My second priority is jobs, jobs, jobs. I am the only Democratic
candidate to endorse the south suburban (Chicago) airport. It could create 53,00
jobs by 2001, and 235,000 by 2020, plus revive downstate flights and reconnect
downstate business with the world economy. I also would preserve Illinois'
"silicon prairie" and train workers to fill 40,000 vacant information technology
jobs. 3. I will create a special, action-oriented state police strike force to
work with local law enforcement against illegal gun and drug runners. I would
put new emphasis on drug education in the schools and drug treatment.

QUALIFICATIONS: I am the only Democratic candidate with extensive statewide
experience. As director of General Services, I managed all the day-to-day
operations of state government's infrastructure. As a three-term comptroller, I
managed the state's multibillion-dollar budget without the hint of scandal. As
attorney general, I aggressively worked to protect children, women, senior
citizens and consumers. I know Illinois government from top to bottom and won't
require on-the-job training to lead this state to new greatness.

MAURICE HORTON

Did not respond to a questionnaire.

GLENN POSHARD

AGE: 52

HOME: Marion

OCCUPATION: Congressman and educator

POLITICAL CAREER: Illinois State Senate 1984-88, U.S. Congress 1988-present.

PRIORITIES: 1. Long range systematic education reform, guaranteeing every child
in Illinois access to a good education, tied to economic development measures
responding to the needs of the permanent underclass developing in economically
deprived areas of Illinois. This includes tax incentives, job training,
infrastructure improvements and reclaiming brown fields as industrial sites. 2.
Health care reform for medically underserved areas such as inner cities and
downstate. This includes development of tele-medicine, eliminating antitrust
laws that prevent sharing of resources, recruiting medical professionals into
underserved areas, cost effective regional approaches and an HMO patient bill of
rights. 3. Development of a comprehensive approach to maximize highway and
transit resources. All of these are underpinned by comprehensive campaign
finance reform, including full sunshine laws, ethics reform and contribution
limits.

QUALIFICATIONS: I have served in elective office as precinct committeeman,
officer in my county party, state senator and congressman. I have authored
comprehensive legislation in education reform, unemployment insurance, health
care and the environment at the state and federal levels. I have cast thousands
of votes in 14 years of elected public service while my opponents have never had
to cast a single vote on any critical public issue. I have practices as a
teacher and school administrator. No other candidate in the race has dealt with
the wide array of issues facing the next governor.

JOHN R. SCHMIDT

AGE: 54

HOME: Chicago

OCCUPATION: Visiting scholar, Northwestern Law School

POLITICAL CAREER: Head of the McCormick Place Authority in Chicago, chief
negotiator at the World Trade Talks, U.S. associate attorney general.

PRIORITIES: My priorities are education, public safety and protecting Illinois'
most vulnerable. Nothing is more important to the future of the Metro EAst area
than our children's education, which is why I proposed an "education first
agenda" with technology grants for every school district to fund new computers
and college scholarships for all high school gradu ates with a "B" average or
better. And after meeting with many Metro East law enforcement officials, I have
offered specific plans to target gangs and illegal guns.

QUALIFICATIONS: For 25 years, I have been a leader on key issues like reforming
the state mental health system and the Illinois courts. In this campaign for
governor, I've offered detailed, specific proposals on the major issues - from
improving our schools and making college accessible to keeping our communities
safe from gangs and guns. In Washington, I implemented President Clinton's
100,000-police-on-the-streets proposal and negotiated the GATT treaty, which has
helped boost agricultural exports by 40 percent. I offer the citizens of
Illinois a vision for the future and a record of getting things done.

LAWRENCE REDMOND

Did not respond to a questionnaire

MORRY "THE GRIZZ" TAYLOR

Did not respond to a questionnaire

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Photo Headshots - (George H.) Ryan and (Chad) Koppie

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: At White House Rural Forum, USDA Unveils New Funding to Support
Rural Broadband and Economic Development

LENGTH: 862  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the White House Rural Forum convened today at Pennsylvania State University,
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $32 million in loans and grants that
will promote economic development and provide access to broadband in more than
80 rural American communities. Vilsack, who is chair of the first-ever White
House Rural Council, convened the forum with rural policy, business and
nonprofit leaders to discuss pertinent issues facing rural communities,
including opportunities for economic growth and strategies for improving health
care and housing.





 "This funding will provide much-needed capital and bring cutting-edge
technology to rural communities across the country," Vilsack said. "Investments
in our rural businesses and communities, coupled with extending high-speed
broadband, have led to a resurgence of economic development, created jobs and
improved the quality of life in rural America. While we have made great
progress, our work to extend capital and technology to rural America is not
done."



 Significant gains have been made across rural America: Rural household income
climbed 3.4 percent in 2015, overall poverty and food insecurity fell
dramatically, rural populations have begun to rebound, non-metro areas have
added more than 250,000 jobs since 2014, and the share of rural Americans
without health insurance is now at an all-time low.



 The White House Rural Council, established by President Obama in 2011,
coordinates the Administration's efforts in rural America by streamlining and
improving the effectiveness of federal programs, engaging stakeholders on
priority issues, and coordinating private-sector partnerships to create economic
opportunity and improve the quality of life.



 With today's funding, USDA is investing in 86 projects through the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant program, the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program, the Intermediary Relending Program, the Rural Business
Development Grant Program and the Community Connect program.



 Examples of funded projects include:



     Jackson Energy Cooperative Corporation in McKee, Ky., will receive a $1
million Rural Economic Development loan to help the Kentucky Highlands Real
Estate Corporation retrofit an industrial building. The newly updated building,
located in Rockcastle County, will be leased to a private contractor that
processes medical records for the Veterans Administration. This project is
expected to create 190 jobs.

     Pine Telephone Company in Broken Bow, Okla., will receive a $3 million
Community Connect grant to build a state-of-the-art fiber network serving the
Choctaw Nation Tribal Jurisdiction. The money will also support staff for a
community center where individuals without computers can access the internet.

     The city of Anamoose, N.D., will receive a $218,462 Rural Business
Development Grant to renovate a former bank building. The refurbished building
will be leased to a new restaurant that will feature an evening and weekend menu
using locally-grown produce and meats.



 USDA Rural Development's business and telecommunications programs have had a
significant impact on rural lives and economies. In 2014, USDA provided a
$250,000 Rural Economic Development grant to Douglas Electric Cooperative, Inc.
in Armour, S.D., that it used to help the Delmont Fire Protection District
rebuild its fire hall. The previous fire hall had been destroyed by a tornado.



 At the Rural Forum, Vilsack also announced that more than $3 billion has been
invested since 2014 into rural infrastructure projects through a public-private
partnership with Capitol Peak Asset Management and CoBank, a national
cooperative bank and member of the Farm Credit System. Since USDA initiated the
partnership, the private-sector funding has helped finance more than 400
projects in the power, water, communications and community facilities
industries.



 Finally, Vilsack announced the continuation of the Rural Integration Models for
Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT) demonstration project that was
launched last year. Rural IMPACT helps communities adopt a two-generation
approach to addressing the needs of vulnerable children and their parents. Its
goal is to increase parents' employment and education and improve the health and
well-being of their children and families.



 Rural IMPACT is led by the Department of Health and Human Services in
collaboration with USDA, the Department of Labor, the Corporation for National
and Community Service, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Regional
Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation and other
philanthropic partners. These partners have selected 10 local and tribal
communities to receive technical assistance and capacity-building resources to
reduce child poverty, and placed AmeriCorps VISTA members there. The partners
are pleased to announce these member will be placed in the 10 Rural IMPACT
communities for a second year.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Washington: At White House Rural Forum, USDA Unveils New Funding to Support
Rural Broadband and Economic Development

LENGTH: 862  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 At the White House Rural Forum convened today at Pennsylvania State University,
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $32 million in loans and grants that
will promote economic development and provide access to broadband in more than
80 rural American communities. Vilsack, who is chair of the first-ever White
House Rural Council, convened the forum with rural policy, business and
nonprofit leaders to discuss pertinent issues facing rural communities,
including opportunities for economic growth and strategies for improving health
care and housing.





 "This funding will provide much-needed capital and bring cutting-edge
technology to rural communities across the country," Vilsack said. "Investments
in our rural businesses and communities, coupled with extending high-speed
broadband, have led to a resurgence of economic development, created jobs and
improved the quality of life in rural America. While we have made great
progress, our work to extend capital and technology to rural America is not
done."



 Significant gains have been made across rural America: Rural household income
climbed 3.4 percent in 2015, overall poverty and food insecurity fell
dramatically, rural populations have begun to rebound, non-metro areas have
added more than 250,000 jobs since 2014, and the share of rural Americans
without health insurance is now at an all-time low.



 The White House Rural Council, established by President Obama in 2011,
coordinates the Administration's efforts in rural America by streamlining and
improving the effectiveness of federal programs, engaging stakeholders on
priority issues, and coordinating private-sector partnerships to create economic
opportunity and improve the quality of life.



 With today's funding, USDA is investing in 86 projects through the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant program, the Rural Microentrepreneur
Assistance Program, the Intermediary Relending Program, the Rural Business
Development Grant Program and the Community Connect program.



 Examples of funded projects include:



     Jackson Energy Cooperative Corporation in McKee, Ky., will receive a $1
million Rural Economic Development loan to help the Kentucky Highlands Real
Estate Corporation retrofit an industrial building. The newly updated building,
located in Rockcastle County, will be leased to a private contractor that
processes medical records for the Veterans Administration. This project is
expected to create 190 jobs.

     Pine Telephone Company in Broken Bow, Okla., will receive a $3 million
Community Connect grant to build a state-of-the-art fiber network serving the
Choctaw Nation Tribal Jurisdiction. The money will also support staff for a
community center where individuals without computers can access the internet.

     The city of Anamoose, N.D., will receive a $218,462 Rural Business
Development Grant to renovate a former bank building. The refurbished building
will be leased to a new restaurant that will feature an evening and weekend menu
using locally-grown produce and meats.



 USDA Rural Development's business and telecommunications programs have had a
significant impact on rural lives and economies. In 2014, USDA provided a
$250,000 Rural Economic Development grant to Douglas Electric Cooperative, Inc.
in Armour, S.D., that it used to help the Delmont Fire Protection District
rebuild its fire hall. The previous fire hall had been destroyed by a tornado.



 At the Rural Forum, Vilsack also announced that more than $3 billion has been
invested since 2014 into rural infrastructure projects through a public-private
partnership with Capitol Peak Asset Management and CoBank, a national
cooperative bank and member of the Farm Credit System. Since USDA initiated the
partnership, the private-sector funding has helped finance more than 400
projects in the power, water, communications and community facilities
industries.



 Finally, Vilsack announced the continuation of the Rural Integration Models for
Parents and Children to Thrive (Rural IMPACT) demonstration project that was
launched last year. Rural IMPACT helps communities adopt a two-generation
approach to addressing the needs of vulnerable children and their parents. Its
goal is to increase parents' employment and education and improve the health and
well-being of their children and families.



 Rural IMPACT is led by the Department of Health and Human Services in
collaboration with USDA, the Department of Labor, the Corporation for National
and Community Service, the Appalachian Regional Commission, the Delta Regional
Authority, the Annie E. Casey Foundation, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation and other
philanthropic partners. These partners have selected 10 local and tribal
communities to receive technical assistance and capacity-building resources to
reduce child poverty, and placed AmeriCorps VISTA members there. The partners
are pleased to announce these member will be placed in the 10 Rural IMPACT
communities for a second year.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 12, 2017 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

The Recap From news services and staff reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 650 words

Business

 Volkswagen  pleaded guilty to misleading U.S. regulators and customers by
hiding emission levels on diesel vehicles and obstructing investigations.
Sentencing is set for April. VW will pay $4.3 billion to settle claims over the
emissions scandal.

General Wireless Operations,  which set out to revive RadioShack, the venerable
consumer-electronics chain, filed for bankruptcy after a last-ditch effort to
co-brand with Sprint Corp. still failed to keep up with changing consumer
habits. The company was contrived to help the RadioShack name live on after the
original chain's 2015 bankruptcy filing and had joined forces with Sprint to run
a store-within-a-store partnership. General Wireless will close 200 stores.

AIG chief executive Peter Hancock,  brought in to turn things around at one of
the world's largest insurance companies, said he would resign. AIG reported a
fourth-quarter loss of $3 billion.

General Motors  will lay off 1,100 workers in May at its Lansing Delta Township
assembly plant in Michigan as it shifts production of a vehicle to Tennessee.

Royal Dutch Shell  will sell $7.25 billion of Canadian oil-sands assets, which
will boost the share of cleaner-burning gas in its proven reserves from about 50
to 60 percent, its data show. It will also rid itself of some of the most
polluting assets on its books.

ExxonMobil  is spending $20 billion through 2022 to expand its chemicals and
fuel-making capacity in Texas and Louisiana to transform U.S. shale oil and
natural gas into products for growing consumer markets in Asia.

Uber  said it will stop using "Greyball" software to thwart regulators in cities
where it may be operating without permission.

Also,  chief executive Travis Kalanick  said the ride-hailing company is seeking
a chief operating officer "who can partner with me to write the next chapter in
our journey." The job post came after Kalanick said that he "must fundamentally
change as a leader and grow up" after a video showed him arguing with an Uber
driver.

Mark Zuckerberg,  who left Harvard after his sophomore year, is headed back to
give this year's commencement speech. President Drew Faust said Zuckerberg "has
profoundly altered the nature of social engagement worldwide."

Economy

 The U.S. economy  added a healthy 235,000 jobs in February, surpassing
economists' expectations and probably clearing the way for the Federal Reserve
to raise interest rates this month. The unemployment rate ticked down to 4.7
percent, compared with 4.8 percent in January, and wages rose by 6 cents to
$26.09 in February.

Consumers  pulled back on credit card debt in January. Total borrowing rose $8.8
billion compared with an increase of $14.8 billion in December - the smallest
monthly gain since borrowing only went up $7.6 billion in July 2012.

Washington

 House Republicans  released long-anticipated legislation to supplant the
Affordable Care Act with a more conservative vision for the nation's health-care
system, replacing federal insurance subsidies with a new form of individual tax
credits and grants to help states shape their own policies. The legislation
would preserve two of the most popular features of the 2010 health-care law:
letting young adults stay on their parents' plans until age 26 and forbidding
insurers to deny coverage or charge more to people with preexisting medical
problems. It would also target Planned Parenthood, rendering the women's health
organization ineligible for Medicaid reimbursements or federal family planning
grants.

Transitions

 America's workforce  will grow over the next two decades if new immigrants
replace retiring baby boomers, the Pew Research Center finds. Pew projects that
the U.S. working-age (25-64) population will grow from 173million in 2015 to
183million in 2035, with new immigrants accounting for all the growth. Without
them, the number of working-age Americans would drop to 166million by 2035.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2017 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 November 7, 2004 Sunday MORNING FINAL EDITION

HONORS & ACCOLADES

BYLINE: Compiled by Kristina Nicholas

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 704 words


31 Los Altos High seniors
National Merit winners
Los Altos High School announced that 31 of this year's senior students have been
given special recognition by the National Merit Scholarship Corporation.
Semifinalists for the Merit Scholarship from the class of 2005 include: Eleanor
Birrell, Stephanie Fan, Morgan Freret, Bryce Hoffman, Jennifer Hsiaw, Silva
Kanerva, Keneth Lee, Wei Wei Liu, Peter Moore, Alan Richardson, Scott Seyfarth,
Amy Tong and Sandra Voss. Semifinalist status is the highest possible at this
stage of the competition. From here, each student will be evaluated for academic
records, SAT test scores, participation and leadership in school and community
activities, an essay and teacher recommendation. Finalists will compete for one
of the corporate- or college-sponsored $2,500 scholarships. Also commended for
their achievement and exceptional academic promise on the PSAT are: Shira
Anderson, Michelle Au, Robert Cameron, Brian Chang, Vivian Chiu, Holly Cooper,
Samuel Elchert, Jennifer Hickman, Maria Iu, Alexandre Leon, Chao Lin, Connor
McColl, Sandy Niang, Christine Russell, Andrew Sangster, Eric Seyfarth, Esther
Su and Artem Yermanov. The 2005 competition began last fall.
Hispanic organization
honors two S.J. students
Katherine Davalos and Erica Richardson, seniors at Archbishop Mitty High School
in San Jose, have been recognized as scholars by the College Board's National
Hispanic Recognition Program. The program provides national recognition for the
exceptional academic achievements of Hispanic high schoolseniors. Students enter
the program by taking the PSAT/National Merit Scholarship Qualifying Test as
high school juniors and by identifying themselves as Hispanic.
Female educator group
awards 3 scholarships
Alpha Delta Kappa, an international honorary organization for female educators,
has awarded three local women with scholarships this year. Sean Deleev, a recent
graduate of Independence High School's Teaching Academy, and Michelle Kang and
Jamie Ramirez, both students in San Jose State University's credential program,
received scholarships for the group's Beta Pi chapter in San Jose. Kang and
Ramirez each received a $400 scholarship, and Deleev received a $250
scholarship. Entrants wrote essays about themselves, what led them into
education and the impact they hoped to have on students.
Teachers receive grants
for energy education
BP, an energy company, announced that 1,075 California K-12 teachers will
receive $2 million in grants to teach energy and energy conservation in the
classroom. Kristi Billings, of Seven Trees Elementary School in San Jose, Susan
Fernandes, of Union Middle School in San Jose, Jeffrey Betz, of Vargas
Elementary School in Sunnyvale, and Mary Flodin, of Central High School in
Morgan Hill, were each awarded a $5,000 to $10,000 grant. Educators submitted
proposed projects focusing on energy education and conservation and were
selected based on originality, energy content and opportunities for the students
to assume a leadership role in the project. Each of the grant recipients also
will receive a scholarship to attend a five-day training conference hosted by
the NEED Project in Long Beach. The all-inclusive scholarship will cover travel,
meals and lodging expenses during the conference in addition to a $500 NEED
Science of Energy Kit.
Health company rewards
marketing innovations
Tony Walker, president and CEO of ComForcare Senior Services for Santa Clara
County, has received the Marketing Ingenuity Award. Citing a spectrum of
creative marketing initiatives, ComForcare Health Care Holdings of Bloomfield
Hills, Mich., presented Walker with the award at its recent national franchise
conference. Walker was specifically noted for an innovative program developed to
augment employee assistance programs for Bay Area companies. The Customizable
Home Care Employee Benefits Program offers a wide range of free on-site seminars
and consultations, respite care, discount programs and the emergency care
program. ComForcare provides in-home assistance with the activities of daily
living for seniors and disabled adults throughout Santa Clara and Santa Cruz
counties.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2004 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 November 7, 2004 Sunday MORNING FINAL EDITION

HONORS & ACCOLADES

BYLINE: Compiled by Kristina Nicholas

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 704 words


31 Los Altos High seniors
National Merit winners
Los Altos High School announced that 31 of this year's senior students have been
given special recognition by the National Merit Scholarship Corporation.
Semifinalists for the Merit Scholarship from the class of 2005 include: Eleanor
Birrell, Stephanie Fan, Morgan Freret, Bryce Hoffman, Jennifer Hsiaw, Silva
Kanerva, Keneth Lee, Wei Wei Liu, Peter Moore, Alan Richardson, Scott Seyfarth,
Amy Tong and Sandra Voss. Semifinalist status is the highest possible at this
stage of the competition. From here, each student will be evaluated for academic
records, SAT test scores, participation and leadership in school and community
activities, an essay and teacher recommendation. Finalists will compete for one
of the corporate- or college-sponsored $2,500 scholarships. Also commended for
their achievement and exceptional academic promise on the PSAT are: Shira
Anderson, Michelle Au, Robert Cameron, Brian Chang, Vivian Chiu, Holly Cooper,
Samuel Elchert, Jennifer Hickman, Maria Iu, Alexandre Leon, Chao Lin, Connor
McColl, Sandy Niang, Christine Russell, Andrew Sangster, Eric Seyfarth, Esther
Su and Artem Yermanov. The 2005 competition began last fall.
Hispanic organization
honors two S.J. students
Katherine Davalos and Erica Richardson, seniors at Archbishop Mitty High School
in San Jose, have been recognized as scholars by the College Board's National
Hispanic Recognition Program. The program provides national recognition for the
exceptional academic achievements of Hispanic high schoolseniors. Students enter
the program by taking the PSAT/National Merit Scholarship Qualifying Test as
high school juniors and by identifying themselves as Hispanic.
Female educator group
awards 3 scholarships
Alpha Delta Kappa, an international honorary organization for female educators,
has awarded three local women with scholarships this year. Sean Deleev, a recent
graduate of Independence High School's Teaching Academy, and Michelle Kang and
Jamie Ramirez, both students in San Jose State University's credential program,
received scholarships for the group's Beta Pi chapter in San Jose. Kang and
Ramirez each received a $400 scholarship, and Deleev received a $250
scholarship. Entrants wrote essays about themselves, what led them into
education and the impact they hoped to have on students.
Teachers receive grants
for energy education
BP, an energy company, announced that 1,075 California K-12 teachers will
receive $2 million in grants to teach energy and energy conservation in the
classroom. Kristi Billings, of Seven Trees Elementary School in San Jose, Susan
Fernandes, of Union Middle School in San Jose, Jeffrey Betz, of Vargas
Elementary School in Sunnyvale, and Mary Flodin, of Central High School in
Morgan Hill, were each awarded a $5,000 to $10,000 grant. Educators submitted
proposed projects focusing on energy education and conservation and were
selected based on originality, energy content and opportunities for the students
to assume a leadership role in the project. Each of the grant recipients also
will receive a scholarship to attend a five-day training conference hosted by
the NEED Project in Long Beach. The all-inclusive scholarship will cover travel,
meals and lodging expenses during the conference in addition to a $500 NEED
Science of Energy Kit.
Health company rewards
marketing innovations
Tony Walker, president and CEO of ComForcare Senior Services for Santa Clara
County, has received the Marketing Ingenuity Award. Citing a spectrum of
creative marketing initiatives, ComForcare Health Care Holdings of Bloomfield
Hills, Mich., presented Walker with the award at its recent national franchise
conference. Walker was specifically noted for an innovative program developed to
augment employee assistance programs for Bay Area companies. The Customizable
Home Care Employee Benefits Program offers a wide range of free on-site seminars
and consultations, respite care, discount programs and the emergency care
program. ComForcare provides in-home assistance with the activities of daily
living for seniors and disabled adults throughout Santa Clara and Santa Cruz
counties.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2004 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                     August 5, 2004 Thursday FINAL EDITION

CAUSE OF DEATH FOR GIRL, 9, STILL UNCLEAR;
EXPERTS SAY ROUTINE EXAMS WOULDN'T NECESSARILY HAVE DETECTED A DEADLY CONDITION
IN OAKLEY CHILD

BYLINE: DANIELLE SAMANIEGO, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 572 words

DATELINE: OAKLEY


OAKLEY -- Although 9-year-old Ariana Williams passed a routine physical exam
just two months before collapsing on an Antioch soccer field, medical experts
say the health screening wouldn't necessarily have detected a life-threatening
condition.

"We're dealing with pretty rare abnormalities that are very difficult to pick
up," said Dr. Harold Tarnoff, a pediatric cardiologist at Kaiser Permanente in
San Francisco.

Following a 1 1/2-hour practice of basic drills and a 15-minute scrimmage,
Ariana collapsed about 7 p.m. Monday on the field of Mno Grant Elementary School
in Antioch. She was taken by ambulance to nearby Sutter Delta Medical Center,
where she died about an hour later.

The Contra Costa County Coroner's Office did an autopsy Tuesday but has not yet
determined a cause of death. Tissue samples were sent out for a cellular
analysis, and results are due by the end of the week, deputy Leo Martin said
Wednesday.

Although youths in the Delta Youth Soccer League are not required to undergo a
health screening prior to playing, Ariana's mother said the girl had a routine
physical exam in June and was found to be fit.

"Most of the cases of sudden death in children with heart abnormalities can't be
detected through a physical exam," Tarnoff said. An estimated one in 200,000
high school athletes die a year, according to the American College of Sports
Medicine, usually as a result of a previously unknown heart condition.

Friends, family members and loved ones spent Wednesday remembering Ariana, not
only as an athlete, but as a boisterous girl who approached all things in life
with an open mind and open arms.

Counselors and administrators met with grieving students at Gehringer Elementary
School in Oakley and Willow Wood School in Brentwood, where Ariana attended
classes. Members of her soccer team also met with a chaplain. A memorial account
was opened in her name at the Brentwood campus.

Lisa Hall, Ariana's former teacher at Gehringer, said she always noticed how
Ariana would welcome newcomers in the class and chat with others on the
playground.

"She was very sweet and extremely bright," Hall said.

An avid swimmer with a blue belt in karate, Ariana was an active child from a
young age, her loved ones said. She also participated in Girl Scouts and the
school choir.

Ariana fell short of her goal to join the Delta League last year when she missed
sign-ups. Instead, she spent the season watching her best friend compete,
cheering her on while she practiced dribbles along the sidelines.

Dr. Howard Rosenfeld, a pediatric cardiologist at Children's Hospital Oakland,
said Ariana's death shouldn't be seen as an admonition to avoid sporting
activities.

"It's not a reason to have an alarm in the general public when it comes to
sports participation," he said. He added that most physicians recommend playing
sports because it's considered a heart-healthy activity.

Sheila Washington, Ariana's mother, and her grandmother Loreli Washington
couldn't picture their girl not involved in sports. Ariana's passion for her
extracurricular activities only added to her spirit, they said.

"She had a fulfilling life," Sheila Washington said of her only child. "She had
done a lot of things that adults haven't done."

Staff writers Paula King, MJ Valencia and Nathaniel Hoffman contributed to this
story. Reach Danielle Samaniego at 925-779-7116 or dsamaniego@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1, Kim Willing and her daughter, Delaney, write on a poster board
to be given to the family of Ariana Williams at Willow Wood School in Brentwood.
Photo 2, Sheila Washington, mother of Ariana Williams, 9, shows a photo collage
Wednesday that Ariana made in kindergarten in Oakland. (Nader Khouri, Times);
Photo 3, Ariana Williams mug.

                       Copyright 2004 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Valley Times

                     June 25, 2003 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

HALF OF EAST BAY HOSPITALS EARN POOR PATIENT MARKS;
ONLY EDEN MEDICAL CENTER IN CASTRO VALLEY IS ABOVE AVERAGE AMONG THOSE WHO
ARTICIPATED

BYLINE: DAVID WHELAN,, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 541 words


East Bay patients whose treatment included an overnight stay at a hospital last
year gave lower marks to the care they received compared with patients in other
parts of California, according to a limited study released today.

The nonprofit California Healthcare Foundation and the California Institute for
Health Systems Performance surveyed 34,913 patients by mail. The criteria
included whether the patients felt respected, whether the care was coordinated,
and whether the staff sufficiently explained what was going on.

Statewide, a quarter of the 181 hospitals responding received an above-average
patient satisfaction rating. However, only one of 10 East Bay hospitals, Eden
Medical Center in Castro Valley, ranked in the top category.

Half the East Bay hospitals were rated below average, compared with only 18
percent statewide. Of the five that received the low rating, three were Kaiser
Permanente hospitals, in Hayward, Oakland and Walnut Creek.

"I think that with any third party's study, people should pay attention to it,"
said Kathleen Barco, a Kaiser spokeswoman. "We have to take it seriously."

She said Kaiser often scores higher when the research measures clinical outcomes
and patient health, but she acknowledged it has had problems with patient
satisfaction. She said it would continue to try to improve service and will
continue to participate in the survey.

"It's hard to open yourselves up if you think you'll get criticized. But we at
Kaiser seek out third-party verification," she said.

Across the state, only about half of full-service hospitals participated in the
study, which was consistent with the participation rate in the East Bay, where
just 10 of 20 hospitals allowed their patients to be surveyed.

Nonparticipants included John Muir/Mt. Diablo Health Network, Doctors Medical
Centers in San Pablo and Pinole, Los Medanos Community Hospital and San Ramon
Regional Medical Center, all in Contra Costa County.

Alameda County nonparticipants included Alameda County Medical Center, San
Leandro Hospital, ValleyCare Health System and Washington Hospital Healthcare
System

At the 275-bed Eden Medical Center, officials welcomed its above-average rating.
"We have a great emphasis on creating a healing environment," said spokeswoman
Cassandra Phelps. "It's a tribute to our staff."

Martha Nelson, who led the research project as vice president at the California
Institute for Health Systems Performance in Sacramento, said patients should use
the ratings when deciding where to go when they need serious medical procedures.

A below-average ranking, she said, should not prevent a patient from using a
specific hospital, and she acknowledged that many patients have little choice.
However, she said they should ask more questions and voice concerns about low
ratings to their doctors to make sure they get good care.

She said she hoped more hospitals would open themselves up to the study. "We
think one star is better than no stars," she said.

"We get asked to join in these voluntary reports almost weekly," said David
Langness of Tenet California. "We participate in some external ones, but often
we have to say no."

Reach David Whelan at 925-943-8263 or dwhelan@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Breakout- PATIENTS RATE HOSPITALS
A survey of almost 35,000 patients statewide who had spent at least one night in
participating hospitals from June through October 2002 measured how patients
perceived the quality of their care. The study was conducted by the California
Institute of Health Systems Performance, a nonprofit group studying health
policy, and the California Healthcare Foundation, a nonprofit group that makes
grants to charitable health care organizations. Patients were divided into three
groups: those who gave birth, those who had surgery, and those who stayed
overnight for other medical reasons.
HospitalAll patientsMaternitySurgicalMedical
Alameda County
Alameda Hospital2N, A22
Alta Bates Summit Medical Center1221
Eden Medical Center3323
Kaiser Foundation Hospital - Hayward1121
Kaiser Foundation Hospital-Oakland1N, A21
Kaiser Foundation Hospital - Richmond2N, A22
St. Rose Hospital1212
Contra Costa County
Contra Costa Regional Medical Center2222
Kaiser Foundation Hospital - Walnut Creek1221
Sutter Delta Medical Center2223
3=Above average 2=Average 1=Below average
More comprehensive information can be found at: www.calhospitals.org
N, A means a hospital does not offer that specific service.
HOSPITALS THAT DID NOT PARTICIPATE
These East Bay hospitals refused to allow researchers to survey their patients:
Alameda County:
Alameda County Medical Center
San Leandro Hospital
ValleyCare Health System
Washington Hospital Healthcare System
Contra Costa County:
Doctors Medical Center
John Muir Medical Center
Los Medanos Community Hospital
Mt. Diablo Medical Center
San Ramon Regional Medical Center

                       Copyright 2003 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      July 24, 2001 Tuesday, Home Edition

Daily Briefing

SOURCE: AJC REPORTS AND NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: Business; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 2591 words


* Denotes item of particular interest

ADVERTISING: Fletcher Martin lands Miss. account

*A Mississippi business that specializes in wireless data connections for energy
and utility companies has assigned its advertising and public relations work to
a shop in Atlanta. Jackson-based SmartSynch will work with Fletcher Martin Ewing
on what will be SmartSynch's first ad campaign. SmartSynch spokeswoman Nola
Nicholas said the company was going to work with McCool Communications of
Atlanta, whose founder, Campbell McCool, is a native of Mississippi. McCool
Communications recently was purchased by Fletcher Martin Ewing. Billings for the
business-to-business ad account were not disclosed.

DEALS: Disney to acquire Fox Family channel

Burbank, Calif. --- Walt Disney Co. agreed to buy Fox Family Worldwide, the
children's television venture of News Corp. and Saban Entertainment, for $5.3
billion to spur growth in the United States and internationally. Disney, the
world's second-largest media company, will pay $3 billion in cash and assume
$2.3 billion in debt. The venture includes the Fox Family cable TV channel, a
video library of children's programming such as "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers"
and TV assets in Europe and Latin America.

Home health care network purchased

*Charles H. Mann III has purchased Georgia Baptist Home Care Services, a network
of home health care offices serving 16 counties in North and Middle Georgia. The
deal includes five branch offices and 80 employees. Terms were not disclosed.
The entity will be renamed CHMann Home Health in honor of Mann's father, Dr.
Charles H. Mann Jr. CHMann Home Health will maintain the existing offices in
Atlanta, Cumming, Griffin, Newnan and Warm Springs.

Harland product gains exposure

*Two major players in compliance software for the banking industry have formed
an alliance to provide a leading fair-lending system to institutions nationwide.
Harland Financial Solutions, a unit of Atlanta-based John H. Harland Co. and
developer of the Pro Suite lending and account-opening products, and Edina,
Minn.-based Business Information Technologies will create an interface between
their main compliance products.

Diesel engine venture delayed

Peoria, Ill. --- Caterpillar Inc. and DaimlerChrysler AG put off talks on a
joint venture to make diesel engines and plan to focus on long-term agreements
to supply DaimlerChrysler's Freightliner commercial truck unit. The talks will
concentrate on Caterpillar supplying the truck unit with fuel injection systems
and heavy-duty engines, the companies said. They didn't say when negotiations on
the planned medium-duty engine joint venture would resume.

Martha Stewart gains Japan outlet

New York --- Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, a multimedia company built around
its founder's homemaking tips, said Seiyu Ltd. will be the exclusive seller of
its products in Japan and jointly publish Martha magazine there. Terms of the
multiyear agreement weren't disclosed. Seiyu, a retailer with 226 stores, will
begin selling Martha Stewart Everyday merchandise in September, New York-based
Martha Stewart said.

Pepsico completes Saudi acquisition

Purchase, N.Y. --- Pepsico Inc., whose Frito-Lay unit is the largest snack chip
company, completed the purchase of Tasali Snack Foods from Savola Snack Foods,
creating the largest salty snack business in Saudi Arabia. Terms weren't
disclosed. Tasali will be combined with Saudi Snack Foods, a Pepsico joint
venture, to create a company with more than 45 percent of the more than $100
million Saudi market.

Bankers discussing Caribbean venture

Bridgetown, Barbados --- Barclays PLC and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce are
in talks to merge their Caribbean retail, corporate and offshore banking
operations to boost profit and market share in the region. Each bank proposes to
own about 45 percent of newly created FirstCaribbean International Bank, with
the rest held publicly. Toronto-based CIBC is Canada's third-biggest bank as
measured by assets. London-based Barclays is the No.*British bank.

ECONOMY: World Bank cuts growth forecast

Washington --- Global economic growth probably will fall below the 2.2 percent
forecast in April, dragged down by Europe's sluggish performance and increasing
the danger of a financial crisis in Argentina, a World Bank economist said. The
bank now projects growth will probably be less than 2 percent for the year, down
from 4 percent last year. World trade growth is also slowing and may decline
to*percent this year, from 8 percent forecast last December and record 13
percent growth in 2000.

FINANCE: Household improves terms for borrowers

Prospect Heights, Ill. --- Household International, the largest independent U.S.
consumer finance company, will reduce interest rates for borrowers with good
credit histories as part of a plan to eliminate so-called predatory lending
practices. Household International also said it will reduce prepayment fee
duration on real estate loans to three years from five years, identify borrowers
who have been victims of predatory lending practices and double the time
customers have to cancel insurance products to 60 days.

Treasury to offer four-week bills

Washington --- Investors wary of the roller-coaster stock market and looking to
park their money in a super-safe investment are getting a new option from the
U.S. Treasury. The Treasury Department said Monday it plans to sell, beginning
July 31, a new security that matures in just four weeks. The shortest Treasury
maturity now available to investors is a three-month bill. The new security will
be auctioned in increments of $1,000 to make them attractive for individual
investors. The return will be determined by the auction.

Interest rates dip in Treasury auction

Washington --- Interest rates on the U.S. Treasury's three-month bills and
six-month bills declined at the government's weekly auction of the securities.
The Treasury sold $15 billion in three-month bills at a high discount rate of
3.48 percent, down from the previous week's rate of 3.55 percent. The Treasury
sold $14 billion in six-month bills at a high discount rate of 3.44 percent,
down from the previous week's 3.49 percent.

FOOD/BEVERAGE: Snapple plans new energy drink

New York --- Snapple, a company that says its drinks are made from "the best
stuff on Earth," will soon add a little man-made matter to the mix. Carbonation
and a whole heap of caffeine are the key elements in a new beverage that
Snapple, a unit of Cadbury Schweppes PLC, is set to launch this month. Flavored
with citrus and juniper berry, Venom will be the latest entry in the energy
drink market.

HEALTH CARE: Mylan to market generic cancer drug

Pittsburgh --- Mylan Laboratories received U.S. regulatory approval to sell a
generic version of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.'s cancer drug Taxol. The company
will be the second generic-drug maker to market a copy of the world's
top-selling cancer medicine, following Ivax Corp., which introduced a version in
October. Taxol, used to treat breast, lung and ovarian cancers, had sales of
$1.6 billion last year.

HOSPITALITY: Popeyes introduces new shrimp dishes

*Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits, a division of Atlanta-based AFC Enterprises, is
introducing Firecracker Shrimp and Firecracker Shrimp Po' Boy. Firecracker
Shrimp is Cajun-flavored popcorn shrimp. Firecracker Shrimp Po' Boy sandwiches
are made with Firecracker Shrimp.

LAWSUITS: Semiconductor groups make peace

San Jose, Calif. --- Altera Corp., the world's second-biggest maker of
programmable semiconductors, and rival Lattice Semiconductor Corp. signed a
multiyear "patent peace" agreement and a royalty-free cross-license agreement.
While terms weren't disclosed, the companies said no payments were exchanged.
The companies also agreed to dismiss all patent lawsuits against each other
without any admission of liability.

Qwest vows action over canceled buy

Denver --- Qwest Communications International, a long-distance phone and data
services company, said it will seek breach-of-contract damages after Citizens
Communications Co. canceled a $1.65 billion purchase of phone lines from Qwest.
Citizens, which has been selling utilities and expanding phone service,
repeatedly postponed completing the purchase, Qwest said. Stamford, Conn.-based
Citizens agreed in June 1999 to buy about 540,000 phone lines in nine states
from U S West Communications Inc., the regional phone carrier bought by Qwest in
June 2000.

Gardner Pie sues over lattice tops

*Cleveland --- Mrs. Smith's Bakeries is accused in a lawsuit of stealing a rival
pie company's method for making lattice-work pie crust tops. Gardner Pie Co., a
maker of frozen pies, filed the lawsuit Thursday in federal court. The closely
held company, based in Akron, Ohio, said it owns patents issued in 1993 and
1994. Mrs. Smith's, a unit of Thomasville-based Flowers Foods, has been making
pies with lattice tops using that patented method, Gardner claims in the
lawsuit.

MANUFACTURING: Ford to add 200 jobs to Norfolk plant

Norfolk, Va. --- Ford Motor Co. will invest $375 million over three years to add
a body shop to its Norfolk assembly plant, creating up to 200 jobs, company
officials said Monday. The plant makes the popular F-150 pickup truck.

EDO gets contract from Air Force

New York --- EDO Corp., a maker of defense armament systems whose shares have
almost tripled this year, received a $17.4 million contract from the U.S. Air
Force to keep making "smart" bomb racks for F-16 Falcon aircraft.

DuPont to make more Kevlar fiber

Wilmington, Del. --- DuPont Co., the second-largest U.S. chemical maker, will
expand production of Kevlar fiber at a Richmond plant by the end of next year, a
project expected to cost $50 million. The expansion will include an undetermined
number of jobs at the plant, which now employs 2,700.

REAL ESTATE: Office vacancies highest since '97

Boston --- The U.S. office vacancy rate rose to its highest point in four years
in the second quarter in the midst of signs that the market's softness is
spreading beyond cities with high concentrations of technology-related
companies. The rate rose to 10.8 percent from 9.5 percent at the end of March,
according to Torto Wheaton Research, a unit of CB Richard Ellis Services Inc.,
the nation's largest property broker. The last time the rate was this high was
in the second quarter of 1997.

TECHNOLOGY: StarCore, Wind River team up

*Atlanta-based StarCore Technology Center, a cooperative research and
development initiative between Agere Systems and Motorola's Semiconductor
Products Sector, is teaming with Wind River Systems Inc. to develop an
integrated hardware and software development platform for DSP-driven
system-on-a-chip embedded applications. Wind River Systems is an Alameda,
Calif.-based provider of software and services for connected smart devices. The
platform combines Wind River's embedded software and development tools with the
latest StarCore digital signal processor technology. Financial terms were not
disclosed.

DVD player sales continue growth

Los Angeles --- Shipments of DVD players rose 70 percent to 5.2 million in the
first half of the year, bringing total shipments to 20.4 million, as the
digital-video format continues to be one of the fasting-growing
consumer-electronics media. Players sold to consumers reached 19.5 million
units, according to DVD Entertainment Group, an industry-funded nonprofit group
based in Los Angeles.

TRANSPORTATION: American, pilots start negotiations

Fort Worth, Texas --- AMR Corp.'s American Airlines and the union for its 11,500
pilots plan to open contract negotiations today by exchanging initial proposals.
The Allied Pilots Association, during the last contract negotiations, staged a
strike that lasted less than a half hour before President Clinton ordered pilots
back to work in February 1997. The union later approved a five-year agreement
that made its members the highest-paid U.S. pilots at the time.

British Concordes to resume first

London --- British Airways PLC plans to resume flights with its Concorde
supersonic jetliners in September, earlier than Air France SA, which will follow
in October, the British government said. The testing of modifications to the
aircraft is almost complete, with the changes likely to be submitted to
regulators for approval by Aug. 15. Concorde was grounded after an Air France
aircraft crashed last July shortly after takeoff from Paris' Charles de Gaulle
Airport, killing 113 people. The airlines have since worked to modify the
plane's fuel tanks, which are thought to have ruptured after a tire burst,
causing a fire and the fatal crash.

Train crew unions to merge Jan. 1

Cleveland --- Two unions representing about 70,000 train crew workers at Union
Pacific Corp. and other major U.S. railroads agreed to merge Jan. 1 to increase
their bargaining power. Members of the United Transportation Union, representing
about 45,000 train crew workers, and the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers,
with about 25,000 active members, will vote on whether to ratify the accord. A
proposal two years ago fell through because of a financial dispute.

Delta picks one of its own to be VP

*Atlanta-based Delta Air Lines has tapped Jeffrey T. Fisher, the carrier's vice
president of finance and marketing, to be the vice president and chief financial
officer of Delta Connection subsidiary. Fisher, 38, has been with Delta since
1998 and was formerly vice president of network development and fleet planning
at Lufthansa German Airlines. He also worked at Reno Air, American Airlines and
McDonnell Douglas Corp.

UTILITIES/ENERGY: Southern Co. names two new leaders

*Southern Co. named Jim Miller and Chris Miller as vice president and associate
general counsel, respectively. Jim Miller also will serve as vice president
general counsel to Southern Generation, Energy Marketing and Southern Power Co.
Chris Miller also will serve as the company's vice president of employee
relations. The two men are not related. Jim Miller had been senior vice
president of Southern Co.'s Birmingham division. Chris Miller, who was labor
relations director, now will head all of Southern Co.'s strategic planning for
labor relations and negotiations. Royal Dutch buys wind-power farm

London --- Royal Dutch/Shell Group, the second-largest publicly traded oil
company, agreed to buy a wind-power generation farm in Wyoming, its first in the
United States. The 50-megawatt project in central Wyoming is being developed by
closely held SeaWest WindPower of San Diego and is expected to begin producing
electricity in October. Terms of the sale weren't disclosed.

WORKPLACE: Labor Dept. to help laid-off workers

*The Georgia Department of Labor is issuing $2.7 million in grants to help
workers who've lost their jobs through plant closings or layoffs. The grants
will be issued through Workforce Investment Boards to be used for education,
retraining and job hunting, Labor Commissioner Michael Thurmond said Monday. The
seven boards receiving grants are: Metro Atlanta, $1.37 million; Northeast
Georgia, $495,000; Middle Georgia, $150,000; Augusta, $200,000; East Central,
$200,000; Southeast Georgia, $150,000; and Middle Flint, $150,000.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Brief

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    December 24, 2003 Wednesday Home Edition

good works: KUDOS: Spirit of giving shines brightly year-round

BYLINE: BETTY PARHAM

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Features; Pg. 4E

LENGTH: 1509 words


Here is a year-end roundup of good works, recognitions, kindnesses and volunteer
efforts from individuals, businesses and organizations throughout metro Atlanta.

LOWE'S DONATES $2 MILLION TO HABITAT

Lowe's has joined forces with Habitat for Humanity International by donating $2
million to facilitate construction of more than 100 homes. In 2002, Lowe's
contributed more than $700,000 to Habitat affiliates through cash and in-kind
donations as well as hundreds of volunteer hours by employees.


In 1988, Lynne and Howard Halpern, along with several other supporters, created
A Meal to Remember, an annual gala to help fund Meals on Wheels Atlanta. In 15
years, the gala has raised more than $2.4 million. This year it raised over
$230,000, which translates into more than 50,000 meals. Along with nutritious
meals, the program offers support and friendship to seniors who may otherwise
live in isolation.

Over 30 local construction contractors donated time and materials to install
bathrooms, showers, laundry rooms and a multipurpose room at an Atlanta homeless
shelter. Lane Realty Construction Corp. coordinated the work on behalf of
Blood-n-Fire Ministries, gave the contractors a thank-you lunch and presented
each with an appreciation plaque.

Students at Atlanta International School were recognized for their work against
land mines at an Adopt-a-Minefield event held in the fall in Beverly Hills,
Calif., with musicians Paul McCartney and James Taylor, comedian Jay Leno and
others. Student William Hayward represented the school and students active in
International Students Against Landmines. The program has raised $140,000 to
clear two minefields in Cambodia.

Delta Air Lines donated about 20,000 items of sports equipment to 100
Atlanta-area recreational youth teams and clubs benefiting nearly 10,000
children and coaches.

MetroPCS, a local wireless phone carrier, has donated $10,000 to expand the
staff and sustain operations of the United Way's 211 service, the three-digit
number that connects people who need or want to give help. MetroPCS became the
first carrier in Atlanta to make 211 available on a wireless phone. The company
also donated wireless phones and service to each parent with children at the
Atlanta Children's Shelter.

The UPS Foundation, the charitable arm of United Parcel Service, recently gave a
grant of $100,000 to Atlanta-based Literacy Action Inc. to be used to support
adult literacy programs. Literacy Action offers classes in reading, writing,
math, oral expression, computer basics, GED preparation and work skills. An
average of 800 students age 18 or older benefit each year from their services.

Home But Not Alone, a housing program administered by the Marcus Jewish
Community Center of Atlanta, was awarded Mutual of America's Partnership Award.
HBNA matches homeowners with tenants, one or both of whom live with HIV/AIDS.
The program provides a safe, affordable living option as well as companionship
and stability.

La Bella Notte, the fund-raiser for Hospice Atlanta that was held at the
Piedmont Driving Club, raised over $430,000 for the hospice, which offers
terminally ill patients who are unable to remain at home an alternative to
hospital or institutional care.

Covenant House recognized United Parcel Service as employer of the year for its
commitment to hiring Covenant House youth who used the organization's Job
Readiness program. Covenant House Georgia provides assistance programs from
midnight to 8 a.m. to youth ages 17-21 on the streets. For information, call
404-589-0163.

Dr. Hamblin Letton, an 87-year-old Atlanta physician and former president of the
American Cancer Society, was awarded the Pioneering Spirit Award by Georgia
Secretary of State Cathy Cox. Gov. Sonny Perdue also presented a check to Letton
for the cancer research program at the Georgia Institute for Lung Cancer
Research, where he contributes time and resources.  Letton was a pioneer in the
use of mammography to diagnose breast cancer.

The law firm of Kilpatrick Stockton has made a $100,000 contribution to the
Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation to help provide a magnetic resonance
imaging facility for research. The new facility, which will be completed in
2004, will allow researchers to view the internal organs of experimental animals
at virtually a microscopic level without dye injection, biopsies or surgery.

A total of 3,464 nonprofit community groups last month collectively raised $5.1
million to benefit their causes during Belk's companywide charity day event.
Volunteers sold tickets for $5 each, which entitled the purchaser to receive up
to 20 percent off on purchases made at Belk's. The full amount of each ticket
sold went to charity.

Buffalo's Southwest Cafe restaurants was a sponsor of the Make-a-Wish
Foundation's "Stories of Light" program, which lights a floor of the BellSouth
Building in Midtown during the month of December. They sponsored 4-year-old
Katelyn, who was diagnosed with cancer at age 2 and wanted to go to Disney
World. On Dec. 10, her wish was granted.

Big Brothers Big Sisters of Metro Atlanta honored more than 2,000 volunteers for
bringing magical mentoring moments into the lives of children in metro Atlanta.
A dinner in their honor was held last week at the Georgia World Congress Center.

The 10th annual Jack D. Vaughan Jr. Awards ceremony was held to recognize
nominees for their dedication to working with the homeless or people at risk of
becoming homeless; professionalism within the community; collaboration with
others; and involvement in the community. Larry Ceminsky, owner of Bomber
Battery, won for volunteerism, and Jeri Barr, CEO of Cobb Family Resources, was
presented with the award for professional services.

The Stone Mountain Barbershop Chorus presented a $2,023.92 cash grant to FOCUS,
Families of Children Under Stress, which provides emotional, informational and
physical support to parents of children with disabilities or with ongoing
medical needs. See www .focus-ga.org.

Isabelle Klopfenstein, who suffers from mitochondrial disease and needs a
wheelchair to attend school, became the 10,000th metro Atlanta recipient of a
wheelchair from Friends of Disabled Adults and Children. See www.fodac.org.

The Atlanta Bread Co. successfully completed a neighborhood drive that collected
more than 13,500 books. They will be donated to Reach Out and Read, a national
nonprofit literacy organization that distributes books to pediatricians.

JM Family Enterprises, Inc. and Southeast Toyota Distributors have donated 8,000
new hardcover books to eight Jackson County elementary schools in an effort to
enhance public school education.

The Georgia Partnership for Caring Foundation, which provides health care
services and products to Georgia's low-income, uninsured residents, presented
awards to individuals and organizations whose support has been crucial to their
success. Recipients were: Former Georgia Lt. Gov. Pierre Howard; Albany Area
Primary Health Care (Tary Brown, CEO); Kim Henry, a family dentist in Morrow;
John Chafin, owner of Christian's Pharmacy in Forest Park; MCG Health System in
Augusta (Don Snell, CEO), and Pfizer Inc. (Deborah Smith-Callahan, regional
manager of state government relations).

Gail Bechtel, a geriatric case manager with Sixty Plus Older Adult Services at
Piedmont Hospital, was honored with the Dan Hickman Award presented by the
Georgia Gerontology Society.

Publix Super Markets recently donated $142,000 to local children's charities
that had been collected from its 2003 U.S. 10K Classic.

Sigma-Tau Pharmaceuticals and The National Kidney Foundation of Georgia through
their People First Program, had patients at dialysis centers throughout Atlanta
make Christmas cards that will be sent to U.S. troops in the Mideast.

Atlanta Gas Light Resources gave $200,000 for low-income energy assistance
programs in metro Atlanta that include the United Way, Heating Energy Assistance
Team; Resource Service Ministries; Decatur Family Resource Center; and the
Sullivan Center.

The Chauncey H. Robinson Youth Foundation hosted 100 kindergarten students from
Carter G. Woodson Elementary School for a Christmas party. Donations from
Kroger, Domino's Pizza and others provided new toys, candy, cookies and festive
activities.

Atlanta Hawks forwards Stephen Jackson and Travis Hansen made an appearance at
Borders Books & Music in support of the Give the Gift of Reading Holiday Book
Drive, co-sponsored by the NBA and Reading is Fundamental. They read "'Twas the
Night Before Christmas" and "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" to nearly 100 fans.

Falcons cornerback Ray Buchanan played host for a Christmas ice skating party
for less fortunate kids at Centennial Olympic Park, attended by Falcon
cheerleaders.

The Junior Beta Club at St. Francis Middle School collected 339 toys that were
donated to the Starlight Children's Foundation through Starbucks Holiday Angels
Toy Drive.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Volunteers Ben Bender (left) of Jacksonville and Dyana Morgan of
San Francisco work on a roof earlier this year as part of a Habitat for Humanity
project in Americus. / BITA HONARVAR / Staff

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    December 5, 1987, Saturday, City Edition

Coast Guard auxiliary to install officers

BYLINE: PAT SCARBERRY

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Good For You; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 559 words



William G. Backes of Hudson will be sworn in as captain and Richard    E.
Siedenburg of Highland Lakes will be sworn in as vice captain of    U.S. Coast
Guard Auxiliary Division XI at its change of watch dinner    tonight in New Port
Richey.

     Coast Guard Auxiliary Division XI and its flotillas conduct search    and
rescue missions from Clearwater to Hudson. They operate safety    patrols in the
Gulf and on Lake Tarpon and conduct courtesy marine    examinations free to boat
owners.

     The auxiliary is an all-volunteer organization affiliated with the    Coast
Guard. Privately owned vessels and aircraft are used in its    missions.



 Director and volunteers honored

   Delores K. Benjamin, executive director of the Face Learning Center,    was
honored at its annual meeting at the Goldome Bank Conference    Center. Ms.
Benjamin received a gold desk pen for 10 years of service    in developing the
organization and its programs.

     Installed as new board members were James Ortner of Belleair, board
president; Ann Fancher of Largo, vice president; Richard Gomez of    Clearwater,
secretary-treasurer.

     Volunteer professionals receiving awards included Harry D. Benson,
Geneva Forrester, Dr. William Hafling, Sen. Jeanne Malchon, Howard    Oleck and
Pinellas County Commissioner Barbara Sheen Todd.

     Face Learning Center is a resource, training and career service    center
in Largo offering counseling services for women in transition.



 Student enters honor society

   Jeanette McCain of Clearwater was inducted recently into the Delta    Beta
chapter of Sigma Theta Tau, International Honor Society of    Nursing.

     Ms. McCain is a graduate student at the University of South    Florida. She
is employed as a nurse practitioner at James A. Haley    Veterans Administration
Hospital in Tampa.



 MADD president elected to board

   Thomas W. Carey, president of Pinellas County Mothers Against Drunk
Driving, has been elected to the board of directors of the Academy of    Florida
Trial Lawyers for the 1987-89 term.

     Carey, a partner in the law firm of Carey and Florin in Clearwater,    is a
graduate of Suffolk University and New York University.

     The Academy of Florida Trial Lawyers is a professional association    of
civil and criminal trial lawyers "dedicated to the advocacy of the    individual
liberties and rights of all Floridians."



 Largo resident honored

   Dr. Jack H. Grant of Largo has been presented with a Gold Medallion    Award
from the Chicago College of Osteopathic Medicine for 50 years of    service to
his community, profession and college as an osteopathic    physician.

     Grant, a 1937 graduate of the college, served as chairman of the
department of radiology at Metropolitan General Hospital in Pinellas    Park
before retiring 10 years ago.

     He served as vice chairman of the department of radiology at the
college, was president and secretary-treasurer of the American    Osteopathic
Board of Radiology and was in private practice in Chicago.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (2); WILLIAM G. BACKES; THOMAS W. CAREY

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               New Jersey Lawyer

                                 April 28, 2003

Pending Legislation;
HEALTH AND HOSPITAL LAW

BYLINE: By Valerie L. Brown, Denise M. Crump and D. Todd Sidor; Valerie L. Brown
is legislative counsel of the New Jersey State Bar Association.  Assistant
Legislative Counsel, Denise M. Crump and Associate Legislative Counsel, D. Todd
Sidor contributed to this report.

SECTION: CAPITOL REPORT; Vol. 12, No. 17; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 152 words

HIGHLIGHT: This is a status report on recently passed and pending legislation
and regulations, gubernatorial nominations and appointments of interest to
lawyers.  It is compiled by the legislative department of the New Jersey State
Bar Association.  Following each bill is the number, sponsor's name, NJSBA
position, if any, bill description and status.



S-2447/A-392 (Bucco/Wisniewski) Establishes a defibrillator grant program in the
Department of Community Affairs.  On Oct. 3, the Assembly Health and Human
Services Committee released A-392 and referred it to the Assembly Appropriations
Committee.  On March 20, S-2447 was proposed for introduction.

S-2448 (Martin) Requires placement of a defibrillator in a public school
complex.  On March 20, the bill was proposed for introduction.

Key
The following symbols are used to denote the New Jersey State Bar Association's
position on legislation:
+ Support.            . -Amended
 * Oppose.            consistent with
                      the NJSBA's
 diamond No position. request.
X -Under review:       DELTA -Initiated and
"Under review"        drafted by the
means the bill is     NJSBA.
currently being
examined by the       [+] -Support with
NJSBA and a final     amendments.
position has not
been taken.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption

                   Copyright 2003 The New Jersey Lawyer, Inc.


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 8, 2009 Friday

Airport director resigns

BYLINE: Amanda Hickey, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 601 words


May 8--UPDATED AT 2:45 P.M.

After eight years and two months, Jerry Vickers is ready for his final departure
from Albert J. Ellis airport.

Vickers has accepted a position as airport manager at another airport, though he
cannot say where until the new airport authority makes the announcement, he said
Friday morning.

His last day will be May 15, but his resignation takes effect May 30. His last
two weeks will be spent using acquired vacation time.

It was a "difficult decision," he said. "I think my wife and I have lived here
in Jacksonville longer than we lived anywhere."

While the decision was a hard one, Vickers knows the airport is in good hands.

"Forty years working as an adult now and I've never found a better group of
people to work with. ... That's the hard part," he said.

Vickers began at Albert J. Ellis when the position opened shortly after he
finished his aviation management degree.

During his time at the airport, Vickers oversaw the creation of an airport
police force, jets return and Delta Airlines coming on board, he said. He also
saw the number of people using the airport increase 240 percent.

In 2008, 262,000 people flew out of Albert J. Ellis, he said, breaking previous
airport records.

During Vickers' tenure, the runway was repaved, a firehouse was built, the
parking lot was expanded and airplane parking was expanded, he said. Despite his
leaving, many more plans are in the works.

The terminal will be renovated in order to allow traffic to flow better and for
aesthetic purposes, Vickers said. The renovation is expected to be paid for by a
$3 million grant from the Federal Aviation Administration.

Vickers also saw airport finances improve by 130 percent, he said. He hopes that
soon the airport will be completely self-sufficient.

"We're about one step away from that now," Vickers said. "It's visible that you
get jets back, it's visible that Delta's here. ... What most people don't know
is the financial turnaround, and that's important for the tax payers."

According to the Onslow County Web site, they are seeking candidates for the
postion, which pays within a hiring range of $68,820 to $110,112.

Vickers' salary is $81,483, according to Onslow County Human Resources.

The director is responsible for making sure the airport is in compliance with
all FAA regulations, maintaining federal security regulations, overseeing
airport systems, equipment and personnel, and more, according to the position
vacancy announcement.

Prior to this position, Vickers served 29 years in the Marine Corps, retiring as
a lieutenant colonel. It was important after retiring to find something
"rewarding," he said.

"I think this place has been my calling because it was a perfect fit and,
certainly, Buddy was the icing on the cake. I couldn't have written a better
Disney story," he said.

Buddy is a stray walker hound that lived at the airport for nearly a year and a
half. He has since been captured, gone through surgery to have an embedded
collar removed from his neck, and is in the process of being rehabilitated and
trained before going to his adoptive home.

Contact Jacksonville/Onslow County reporter Amanda Hickey at 910-219-8461 or
ahickey@freedomenc.com

To see more of The Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.jacksonvilledailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Daily News,
Jacksonville, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090508-JN-Airport-director-resigns-0508

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2009 The Daily News


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday

Grant-Lee Phillips finds success in following his own path

BYLINE: Tony Sauro, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 921 words


Feb. 21--Grant-Lee Phillips is doing it all himself these days. Who needs those
record-industry monoliths?

"It was a way for my fans to order an album well in advance," said Phillips, the
Stockton-born singer-songwriter, of his Pledge Music Internet strategy. "I had
it recorded, mastered and got a good jump from people offering early help.

"I also did an online yard sale. Selling a few old instruments, art work, lyric
sheets. A few vintage one-of-a-kind items. They were seized up by fans from L.A.
to Moscow."

That's because the Linden High School graduate has built an international
following during a 26-year career in Shiva Burlesque, Grant Lee Buffalo and on
seven solo albums.

"Walking in the Green Corn," which his supporters helped him finance, is one of
his most intimate and affecting albums. The new 10-song recording will be
highlighted Sunday when Phillips performs at San Francisco's Cafe du Nord, He'll
be back -- in Nevada City -- on March 29.

The album quietly echoes his fond memories of growing up in San Joaquin County
and his American Indian heritage. Phillips is donating some proceeds to the
Muskogee (Okla.) Food Sovereignty Initiative.

"It's really wonderful," Phillips said. "It's like performing. It's a much more
tangible way to know just how devoted these folks are. That's a really rewarding
notion."

"Walking in the Green Corn" is a really beautiful album.

Phillips' gentle, but deeply expressive, vocals create a calm, contemplative
atmosphere. His readily identifiable acoustic guitar playing and melodic sense
are augmented only occasionally by flecks of fiddle or vibraphone.

Just 37 minutes long, it was recorded at his Burbank home with Denise Siegel,
his wife of 25 years, co-producing and designing the album art. It's also
available on vinyl.

There's a lot of pastoral imagery -- nature, owls, buffalo, thunderbirds --
especially on the captivating "Black Horses in a Yellow Sky."

"There's a menagerie on the album," Phillips said. "It's one of those
unconscious things that emerges. There's a spiritual strain to it. We do have a
lot of ravens on our front lawn. It's reflective. It is meditative.

"I've made enough records built on raw adrenaline. It's going to different
places, being more introspective. It does make for a perfect vinyl link."

In a typically organic approach, Phillips said he'd get up in the morning, build
a fire and start his tape machine rolling.

"It was high time for me to spend a little more time there and walk a little
slower in the pasture," he said. "I'll forever draw upon the warehouse of
imagery I accumulated ... growing up in Stockton. Collecting spirits and images.
My songs draw a lot of images from the Delta."

Phillips is "trying to lure" the filmmakers of a documentary about him to
Stockton for a sentimental sight-seeing trip.

He turns 50 on Sept. 1 and finds his hands-on career "liberating. The thrill of
creating your own music and putting it out always is important. In some ways,
that experience can slip away from you. I don't think I'm a control freak, but I
rejoice in the chance to create art work on my own terms. It's cutting edge. Yet
it feels like we could be selling these things out of the back of our Buick."

This time Hines get help

Willie Hines appreciates the irony.

Last July, he helped organize a concert that raised money so the Delta Humane
Society's bills could be paid. Now, it's his turn.

"I'm forever grateful, honored and humbled," said Hines, a Stockton musician and
owner of the former Replay Records. "It's humbling. I always like being the
giver guy. I'm there to help. Not the guy on the receiving end."

However, some of his musical friends have organized a benefit concert to help
Hines defray the costs of emergency surgery to repair a detached retina in his
left eye.

They'll gather Saturday night at Whirlow's, where the animal-shelter fundraiser
also was held. Owner Lisa Whirlow and the musicians are donating their time.

Those scheduled to participate: Les Cordoza's True Friends Soul Revue, the Lisa
Gallego Group, Marirose Powell, Danny (Rishwain) and the Eclectics, Audio Sonic,
the Bangas, Smooth and Erin Odessa.

"It's real simple," said Cordoza, 63, a retired health-care worker who's known
Hines, 57, since 2003 and organized the benefit show with Whirlow. "I mean, he's
my best friend. He's just a real charming person. Out there. Friendly. He's got
a lot of friends who weren't able to help save his business when it went under."

Hines, who is uninsured, incurred his detached retina on Jan. 25. He was told he
had five or six days to "get into surgery or lose the eye."

His surgery at Sacramento's Mercy General Hospital cost $6,000. He had to pay
the surgeon and anesthesiologist in advance. Facebook friends responded to pay
those bills.

"It took every dime I had," said Hines, who still owes $4,000.

"We'd be fortunate to raise one-tenth" of the $23,000 that was generated for the
animal shelter, said Cordoza, who plays keyboards and guitar in Hines' Face
Cards band. "I would be thrilled. We'll be happy for anything we get."

Hines is more than thankful: "You can get sideswiped by life or reality and you
have nothing. I'm on the mend. I've never been more grateful for life or a
renewed sense of it. Just saying, 'Nice to see you.' You have no idea what that
phrase means to me now. It really means a lot."

Contact columnist Tony Sauro at (209) 546-8267 or tsauro@recordnet.com

___ (c)2013 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130221-SK-Grant
-Lee-Phillips-finds-success-in-following-his-own-path-0221-20130221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2013 The Record


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday
                            PITTSBURGH PRESS EDITION

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATION; Pg. A-3

LENGTH: 620 words


Frats to get training on risky behavior

WASHINGTON - Eight college fraternities announced today an effort to work
together on new training aimed at combating sexual misconduct, hazing and binge
drinking.

The focus is on learning to recognize, diagnose and intervene in potentially
harmful situations. An estimated 35,000 undergraduates are anticipated to
participate in the first year of the Fraternal Health and Safety Initiative
consortium, according to the announcement.

The participating fraternities include Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta Theta, Pi
Kappa Alpha, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Alpha Mu, Sigma Chi, Tau Kappa Epsilon
and Triangle - groups with a combined 75,000 undergraduate men at more than 550
college campuses.

Last week, the White House started the "It's On Us" campaign, which is focused
on encouraging people to consider stopping sexual assault to be part of their
personal responsibility and to intervene when they suspect a potential victim
can't or won't consent.

Mixed review on health site security

WASHINGTON - The government's own watchdogs tried to hack into HealthCare.gov
earlier this year and found what they termed a critical vulnerability - but also
came away with respect for some of the health insurance site's security
features.

Those are among the conclusions of a report being released today by the Health
and Human Services Department inspector general, who focuses on health care
fraud.

The report amounts to a mixed review for the federal website that serves as the
portal to taxpayer-subsidized health plans for millions of Americans. Open
enrollment season starts Nov. 15.

So-called "white hat" or ethical hackers from the inspector general's office
found a weakness, but when they attempted to exploit it like a malicious hacker
would, they were blocked by the system's defenses.

Bin Laden son-in-law sentenced to life

NEW YORK - Osama bin Laden's son-in-law was sentenced today to life in prison
for acting as al-Qaida's spokesman after the Sept. 11 terror attacks.

Sulaiman Abu Ghaith was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Lewis A. Kaplan, who
said he saw "no remorse whatsoever" from the 48-year-old imam.

"You continue to threaten," the judge said. "You sir, in my assessment, still
want to do everything you can to carry out al-Qaida's agenda of killing
Americans."

Mr. Abu Ghaith was the highest-ranking al-Qaida figure to face trial on U.S.
soil since the attacks. The Kuwaiti cleric became the voice of al-Qaida
recruitment videotapes after the 2001 attacks. He testified at trial that his
role was strictly religious.

Paula Deen to tell her side

Paula Deen is ready to tell her side of the story behind the racist remark that
decimated her career, but you'll need to pay to hear it.

The former Food Network star has been working on a documentary about herself and
her downfall - triggered in 2013 by her acknowledgment that she'd used a racial
slur in the past - but it will only be available to subscribers of her new
website, the Paula Deen Network. Recipe content on the site will be free, but
viewers will need to pay $9.99 a month to view videos.

"We hope to have it out the first of the year and tell everybody the true story
of what really happened," Ms. Deen said of the documentary during a recent
telephone interview. "It was a painful year for me. It was a hurtful year when I
found myself being labeled for something I was not."

The website, which launches Wednesday, will feature an ambitious array of
original video content, including traditional cooking shows as well as lifestyle
and game show segments, all starring Deen and her sons. The site, which will
include no outside advertising or sponsors, also includes thousands of Deen's
recipes, as well as menu planning tools.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Carlo Allegri/Associated Press: Celebrity chef Paula Deen poses
for a portrait in New York. The Paula Deen Network, which is heavy on new videos
starring the celebrity chef, goes live Wednesday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            December 30, 2012 Sunday
                                  Mich Edition

BENEFITING OTHERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 806 words


NEW CARLISLE - New Prairie Middle School's Cougar Aid Food Drive was a success
with nearly 7,000 items collected by the Student Council, led by teacher Tamara
Moore. The food was divided between the Rolling Prairie Lions Club and the Delta
Theta Tau service sorority for use in local food banks/baskets.  The goal for
the food drive was 5,000 items.  ***  MISHAWAKA - Students of The Montessori
Academy at Edison Lakes sponsored three donation drives simultaneously to
brighten the holidays for others in Michiana.

The students conducted mitten and toy drives for two different groups as well as
collecting goodie baskets for a senior living facility.  The mitten drive
benefited preschool through teenage youth of La Casa de Amisted, a community
center on the west side of South Bend that offers educational and life skills
programs for the Hispanic/Latino community.  New toys were collected for Toys
for Tots. Each time a toy was collected, the students added an ornament or
colorful bird tag to the festive trees in the school lobby.  Large colorful
baskets were filled with goodies to brighten the spirits of Portage Manor
residents as they played bingo for toiletries and comfort items that are greatly
needed. Portage Manor is the county-owned residential care facility for seniors
and those with disabilities.  The Montessori Academy at Edison Lakes is at 530
E. Day Road, Mishawaka.  ***  SOUTH BEND - Food Bank of Northern Indiana got a
boost this holiday season from NIPSCO, whose employee-led food drive and $7,500
grant will provide 60,000 meals for hungry families.  The drives were part of a
larger, companywide Pass the Hat initiative that spans all of NIPSCO's northern
Indiana service territory.  ***  SOUTH BEND - More than 400 newly purchased
teddy bears were collected at South Bend Airport as a result of the first Bears
in the Air program.  The bears were delivered to representatives from the
pediatric departments at Memorial Children's Hospital and Saint Joseph Regional
Medical Center.  The bears will offer companionship and smiles during a child's
difficult time. Each hospital will distribute the bears to patients as they see
fit.  "The response to the program has been fantastic," said Mike Daigle,
executive director of the airport. "... We look forward to continuing this
program with the community's support for many years."  ***  GOSHEN - The Center
for Healing and Hope, with clinic locations in Goshen and Elkhart, has been
awarded a grant for $7,000 from The Schowalter Foundation of Kansas. The grant
is in support of the clinic location at the Belmont Mennonite Church in Elkhart.
The Center for Healing and Hope provides urgent health care services and
advocacy for the uninsured through the help of medical and nonmedical
volunteers.  ***  Home Instead Senior Care delivered dozens of holiday gifts to
seniors in the area who otherwise might have been overlooked this holiday
season.  The gifts were collected through Home Instead Senior Care's Be a Santa
to a Senior program, which is supported locally by St. Joseph and Elkhart County
RSVP, and 12 Walgreens stores in South Bend, Elkhart, Goshen, Mishawaka, Granger
and Plymouth.  One beneficiary was Cardinal Nursing & Rehab in South Bend, where
residents opened their gifts last week.  ***  SOUTH BEND - As part of their 25th
year Silver Anniversary celebration, employees at Federal-Mogul's South Bend
Piston Plant raised $3,000 for local Michiana charities. A team of employees led
by Piston Inspector Deb Alexander developed a business plan for raising money
for charities through the publishing and selling of a collection of employee
recipes.  Her team of Sue Blankenship, Barb Hipsher, Lisa Horvath, Terry Cline,
Janet Williams, Lea Pierce and Anita Dumdey collected nearly 200 recipes from
their fellow employees and created a full-color, bound cookbook - the sales of
which raised more than $3,000.  Representatives from Make-A-Wish, Ronald
McDonald House and the Center for the Homeless in South Bend were greeted by the
cookbook team and more than 50 other employees for check presentations.  ***
KNOX - The LaPorte Hospital Foundation, on behalf of the IU Health Starke
Hospital and the Starke Health Fund, was awarded a $3,900 grant from the Indiana
Breast Cancer Awareness Trust (IBCAT).  Through funding from IBCAT, the LaPorte
Hospital Foundation Breast Cancer Project will assist low-income, uninsured
women age 40 and older and women of any age who are at high risk for breast
cancer in receiving mammograms through a physician's referral.  Individuals
should contact their physician's office or the Imaging Department at IU Health
Starke Hospital at 574-772-1143 to see if they qualify for a free screening
mammogram voucher.  IBCAT funds the grant through the sale of the state's breast
cancer awareness license plates.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 29, 2014 Saturday

Education consortium has vision of fueling economy

BYLINE: Keith Reid, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 477 words


March 29--STOCKTON -- A regional consortium of educational agencies and business
groups has chosen a name and is starting the process of becoming a nonprofit
organization with the goal of bridging the gap between local high school
graduates and the jobs they're training for.

The consortium, which is forming in part on the prospect of getting a four-year,
$15 million Career Pathways Trust grant, will call itself the Career Pathways
Alliance 2050, Stockton Unified director of career and technical education Ward
Andrus said.

According to a short synopsis of the group's goals released this week, the
alliance includes commitments from the Stockton campus of California State
University, Stanislaus, Modesto Junior College, the San Joaquin County Office of
Education, San Joaquin Delta College, Columbia College, American River College,
San Joaquin County, Calaveras County and all of the region's K-12 school
districts.

Together, those agencies believe they can better create a pipeline that starts
in education and results in stronger regional industries. Here, the consortium
will focus on agriculture, health care, information and communication
technologies, engineering and manufacturing, hospitality/tourism/retail,
transportation/logistics and the key industries that drive the regional economy.

"We are going to become a P-20 council," Andrus said, which means the group is
forming to support students from preschool through two years of community
college.

"The predominant sentiment is that we see a greater vision here," Andrus
continued. "The purpose is to create relationships that will drive the regional
economy."

The group is filing to become a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Money will not
be spent on traditional expansions of school programs, Andrus said, but on other
aspects of boosting existing programs that often get overlooked.

For example, the alliance might offer to pay stipends to teachers who want to
spend a summer working in the field so that they can better learn the business
and return to school in the fall with better insights of what students need to
know.

"We want to think of innovative ways to use the grant money so we can move this
whole big vision forward," Andrus said.

The Career Pathways Trust with be giving out $250 million in grant money to
consortia, such as the Career Pathways Alliance 2050. Andrus said the local
group believes it is a good candidate for a grant because San Joaquin County and
the surrounding area need an economic lift and because the group is forging
strong partnerships with businesses that could make the alliance successful.

Contact reporter Keith Reid at (209) 546-8257 or kreid@recordnet.com Follow him
at www.recordnet.com/edublog and on Twitter @KReidme.

___ (c)2014 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140329-SK-Education-consortium-has-vision-of-fueling-economy-0329-20140329

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2014 The Record


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 13, 2016 Sunday

If not for health care, NEPA struggles in recession would've been worse

BYLINE: Kyle Wind, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1349 words


March 13--Even while Northeast Pennsylvania struggled through the extended
economic downturn and recovered more slowly than the rest of the state, the
region's health care industry continued to grow.

The industry spearheaded substantial job growth and some of the largest
construction projects the region has seen in the last several years.

Just a few examples include the $97.1 million expansion at Geisinger Community
Medical Center, the $53 million expanded emergency department and heart and
vascular institute tower at Wilkes-Barre General Hospital and the $20 million
TMG Health complex at Valley View Industrial Park in Jessup.

"Health care, along with education, has been the most important industry for
pulling us out of the Great Recession," said Satyajit Ghosh, Ph.D., a University
of Scranton economist. "It is one of the strongest pillars of our economy."

One of the top developments has been the Commonwealth Medical College not only
being established but beginning to produce graduating classes, said Lackawanna
County Economic Development Director George Kelly.

The Greater Scranton Chamber of Commerce agreed and made "Eds and Meds" a
centerpiece of the Scranton Community Revitalization Plan for the grant
application to the America's Best Communities competition.

State Department of Labor and Industry data illustrate the growing prominence of
the health care and social services sector in the local economy over the last
decade. Some highlights include:

n Across seven Northeast Pennsylvania counties, the industry employed an average
of 56,973 workers in the second quarter of 2015 -- 4,887 more jobs than the
average a decade prior. That is a 9.4 percent increase.

That compares to a beleaguered manufacturing industry that shed at least 8,061
jobs -- 20.8 percent of its workforce -- and a retail sector that lost 2,793
jobs -- both largely concentrated in Lackawanna and Luzerne counties -- or 5.8
percent of its workforce.

n Lackawanna and Luzerne counties alone are home to 43,921 health care workers
that together represent 16.2 percent of the civilian workforce in the two
counties. That compares to a total of 24,504 manufacturing employees in the two
counties, which represents 9 percent of the employee pool, and 29,772 retail
workers, which represents 11 percent of the workforce.

n Eight of the top 15 employers in the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre metro area are in
the health care industry that Mr. Kelly described as increasingly diverse and
driven by much more than doctors, nurses and hospitals these days.

For example, Allied Services -- the region's fifth-largest employer -- saw its
staff grow from 2,356 employees in 2005 to 2,992 in 2016, according to data
provided by Charlotte Wright, the nonprofit's director of special events and
external affairs.

Among the divisions that saw significant growth were in-home care services,
whose staff grew from 137 to 291 workers to serve the region's aging and
disabled populations by providing non-medical help with things like chores,
shopping, bathing, grooming and dressing to allow people to stay out of nursing
homes.

The level of care varies widely depending on how much assistance people need,
with some clients getting only several hours of services per week, said Tracy
Hunt, assistance vice president of in-home services.

"Just a little bit of help keeps a lot of people living at home and healthy,"
she said.

Other divisions that saw significant growth include behavioral health services,
whose staff grew from 46 to 97 workers; vocational services for people with
disabilities, whose staff grew from 188 to 382 workers; and hospice care, which
just launched in 2015 and is up to 14 workers.

Yet it isn't just large employers like Allied driving growth. Across Northeast
Pennsylvania, the number of health care and social service establishments
increased over the decade from 3,697 to 4,527.

"There's the obvious successes we've seen: the Commonwealth Medical College,
Commonwealth Health, Geisinger (Community Medical Center) and Allied Services,"
said Robert Durkin, president of the Greater Scranton Chamber of Commerce. "They
continue to be such an important part of our local economy. But the other part
that's in a sense complementary is the growth in the quality of home health care
and nursing homes, skilled nursing, assisted living. That's all a part of the
broader network in health care."

n Wages also grew along with the number of health care jobs.

The industry paid an average weekly wage across the region of $578 in the second
quarter of 2005 and $720 in 2015 -- a 25 percent increase. In Lackawanna County,
wages increased 20 percent from $653 to $781 over that period while in Luzerne
County, weekly pay rose 27 percent from $645 to $816.

Much of the employment growth has been in jobs that require an associate's
degree or less -- an area where a 2014 Brookings Institution report said wages
in some of the most common low-level jobs often didn't keep pace or even fell
for many careers dating back to 2000.

The report identified the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre area as having the
fourth-highest workforce share of health care employees who attained an
associate degree's or less in the entire country at 6 percent.

Generally, pre-baccalaureate health care careers include nursing, psychiatric
and home health aides, nurses, personal care aides, technologists and
technicians, medical and dental assistants, massage therapists and dental
hygienists.

Mr. Durkin said the chamber wants the highest wages possible available to county
residents but said that doesn't mean a proliferation of jobs that don't require
four-year degrees is a bad thing.

"We have a diverse population," Mr. Durkin said. "You have to make sure you have
jobs that are available to everybody, not just those with college degrees or
advanced degrees. The health care arena certainly affords that opportunity up
and down the professional scale and the wage scale."

Frank Trembulak, executive vice president and chief operating officer of the
approximately 30,000-employee Geisinger Health System, said only roughly 1,300
employee are doctors and the growing number of nurses in his organization has
been part of a team-based approach to medicine.

The idea is for doctors to lead the team but spend more time with the most
complex cases, leaning on nurses to take more responsibility for the simpler
cases and use their full skillset to improve efficiency and the experience for
patients.

Aside from doctors or nurses, an organization Geisinger also employees a wide
range of workers with medical backgrounds -- and without medical backgrounds, as
it also needs everything from administrative to maintenance staff.

Despite the industry's expansion in the area over the last decade, Mr. Durkin
sees room for plenty more of the same.

One area in which Mr. Durkin hopes to see more growth is medical research along
the lines of the Precision Health Center that Geisinger opened in Forty Fort
last year to house a genomics program and an autism and developmental medicine
clinic.

"They're doing really fascinating, first-rate, nationally and perhaps
internationally-significant research on the human genome," Mr. Durkin said. "And
there are jobs there."

The chamber president also envisions operations like Delta Medix continuing to
recruit more specialists, which could mean not only that locals will not have to
travel outside the region for highly-specialized care as often -- but also that
people from outside the area may want to travel here for treatment.

"The more that happens, the more this community is going to become identified,
as I think it should already, as a regional medical hub, the kind of place
people will come to," Mr. Durkin said. "The larger and stronger these
institutions are and become, it is inevitable that we'll continue to capture
more and more of what at one time was an out-migration of a huge numbers of
dollars."

Contact the writer: kwind@timesshamrock.com, @kwindTT on Twitter

___ (c)2016 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160313-YT-If-not-for-health-care
-NEPA-struggles-in-recession-would-ve-been-worse-0313-20160313

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Tribune


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 8, 2007 Thursday

School headlines

SECTION: DAYTON; Pg. Z7-5

LENGTH: 720 words


Museum director to travel to Iran

DAYTON - Stephen Fryburg, director of the Dayton International Peace Museum, on
Jan. 31 discussed his upcoming trip to Iran with students enrolled in a Farsi
language class at Sinclair Community College.

Fryburg and his wife, Rosemary, will be travel to Iran this month, joined by
seven other Americans who will tour the country for two weeks.

The group is planning to tour the Natanz nuclear facility, meet with Iranian
clerics, government officials and talk with Iranian citizens.

Ponitz to chair school district's campaign

DAYTON - At a special Jan. 25 meeting, called to place a five-year emergency
levy on the May 2007 ballot, the Dayton Board of Education also named Sinclair
President Emeritus David Ponitz to chair the district's campaign.

Dayton native awarded doctorate

DAYTON - Ramon Luzarraga of Dayton was awarded a Doctor of Philosophy degree
from Marquette University during commencement ceremonies Dec. 17 at the
university in Milwaukee, Wis.

'Hotel Rwanda' figure to speak at UD

DAYTON - Paul Rusesabagina, who turned the hotel he managed into a sanctuary and
saved more than 1,200 people during the Rwandan genocide in 1994, will round out
the University of Dayton's 2006-07 Diversity Lecture Series at 7: 30 p.m. Feb.
20, in the Kennedy Union Ballroom on campus, 300 College Park.

Rusesabagina received the U.S. Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2005, and his
story inspired the Oscar-nominated movie, Hotel Rwanda. The talk is free, but
tickets are required. Call the Kennedy Union box office at (937) 229-2545 or
order online at www.udayton.edu/~ku/tickets.

A live feed will be available in the Sears Recital Hall and the Science Center
Auditorium.

Eggers on Ashland's club soccer team

DAYTON - Lindsey Eggers of Dayton is a member of the women's soccer club team at
Ashland University in northeast Ohio. She is the daughter of Erich and Kelly
Eggers.

Matis names to Creighton dean's list

DAYTON - Elizabeth H. Matis of Dayton was named to the 2006 fall semester dean's
honor roll at Creighton University in Omaha, Neb.

Dayton native member of Delta Zeta

DAYTON - Lindsey Eggers of Dayton is a member of the Delta Zeta sorority at
Ashland University. She is the daughter of Erich and Kelly Eggers.

Military association offering scholarships

DAYTON - The Dayton Area Chapter of the Military Officers Association of America
is offering $1,000 merit scholarship to a 2007 graduating high school senior in
the Dayton chapter's area of membership.

Eligibility includes sons or daughters of military service members who are
serving on active duty with one of the seven uniformed military services or in
drill status with one of their reserve components.

It also includes the children of retired and former military service members and
the survivors of military service members.

To request an application packet, students should contact one of the following
chapter members:

* Jim McCready: jnmccready@aol.com or (937) 429-2022

* Frank Mugford: fmugford@hotmail.com or (937) 879-0929

* Charlie Cooper: charliecooper@woh.rr.com or (937) 426-0082

* Bob Massarini: bob.massarini@acm.org or (937) 429-2961

* Dick Brubaker: DickBrub@aol.com or (937) 252-9113.

Requests for application packets must be received by March 15. Deadline for
submission of completed applications is April 15.

Learning centers slate nursing courses

DAYTON - Sinclair Community College Learning Centers in Englewood and Huber
Heights will host three half-day nursing courses in April.

All award 0.5 credit hours and 3.7 contact hours in continuing education credit.
Cost for each course is $25. The classes are:

Stress and Burnout: 8 a.m. to noon April 11 at the Huber Heights Learning
Center, 7251 Shull Road. Discussion will include practical methods to identify
stressors, relieve stress and prevent burnout.

Caring for Today's Senior:

Noon to 4 p.m. April 16 at the Englewood Learning Center, 1150 W. National Road.
The course will provide an overview of issues faced by the elderly patient and
addressed by health care providers in geriatrics.

Death and Dying: Noon to 4 p.m. April 18 at the Huber Heights Learning Center.
The course will explore the death and dying process and define methods to
enhance care for the patient and family.

For more information, call Marcia Miller at (937) 512-2306 or e-mail
marcia.miller@s inclair.edu.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               New Jersey Lawyer

                                January 19, 2004

New Laws;
Establishes the Mandated Health Benefits Advisory Commission

BYLINE: By Valerie L. Brown, Denise M. Sharperson and D. Todd Sidor; Valerie L.
Brown is legislative counsel of the New Jersey State Bar Association.  Assistant
Legislative Counsel, Denise M. Sharperson and Associate Legislative Counsel, D.
Todd Sidor contributed to this report.

SECTION: CAPITOL REPORT; Vol. 13, No. 3; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 772 words

HIGHLIGHT: This is a status report on recently passed and pending legislation
and regulations, gubernatorial nominations and appointments of interest to
lawyers.  It is compiled by the legislative department of the New Jersey State
Bar Association.  Following each bill is the number, sponsor's name, NJSBA
position, if any, bill description and status.



P.L. 2003, c. 193. This bill establishes a 13-member Mandated Health Benefits
Advisory Commission to review any bill introduced in either House of the
Legislature requiring a health insurance carrier to provide or offer a health
benefit or coverage for certain benefits.  The commission would study the
social, financial and medical impact of proposed mandated health benefits.
Mandated health benefits are defined in the bill as benefits or coverage that
are required by law to be offered or provided by a carrier, as the case may be,
and includes: coverage for specific health care services, treatments or
practices; direct reimbursement to specific health care providers; or the
offering of specific health care services, treatments or practices.  The
commission would be comprised of: the commissioners of Health and Senior
Services and Banking and Insurance or their designees, who shall serve ex
officio; three public members appointed by the president of the Senate, who
shall include a representative of a commercial health insurance company, a
physician licensed in this state who is a member of the New Jersey Medical
Society, and a representative of the New Jersey Business and Industry
Association, no more than two of whom shall be from the same political party;
three public members appointed by the speaker of the General Assembly, who shall
include a representative of a health service corporation, a physician licensed
in this state, and a representative of organized labor, no more than two of whom
shall be from the same political party; and five public members appointed by the
governor, who shall include a medical educator from the University of Medicine
and Dentistry of New Jersey whose major field of expertise is the study and
evaluation of the cost of health care and health insurance, a representative of
the New Jersey Association of Health Plans, a representative of the New Jersey
Hospital Association, a representative of the New Jersey Dental Association, and
a representative of the general public who is knowledgeable about health
benefits plans.  The bill provides that the Department of Banking and Insurance
shall provide assistance to the commission in carrying out its duties.  This
bill provides that whenever a bill containing a mandated health benefit is
introduced, the chairman of the standing reference committee to which the bill
has been referred shall request that the commission prepare a written report
that assesses the social and financial impacts and the medical efficacy of the
proposed mandate.  Not later than the 120th day after the request for review is
received, the commission shall issue its written report to the chairman of the
standing reference committee to which the bill was referred.  If necessary, the
chairman of the standing reference committee may grant an extension for the
commission to complete its review.  The bill further provides that no mandated
health benefits bill shall be reported by the standing reference committee to
which it has been referred unless it is accompanied by the written report of the
commission.  However, if the chairman of the standing reference committee or the
presiding officer of the House in which the bill was introduced, or his
designee, determines that the bill is an urgent matter, he may so notify the
commission, and the standing reference committee or House may consider and vote
upon the bill as soon as practicable.  In the course of studying and evaluating
mandated health benefits, the commission shall have the responsibility to
develop criteria for a system and program of data collection for use by the
Departments of Health and Senior Services and Banking and Insurance.  Both
departments would utilize these data to assess the impact of mandated health
benefits, which would include an analysis of the cost to employers and insurers,
the impact of treatment and the cost savings to the health care system.  The
commission would also review and provide comments with respect to any
regulations that would affect mandated health benefits.  On Nov. 21, 2003, the
bill was signed into law.  (S-2775)

Key
The following symbols are used to denote the New Jersey State Bar Association's
position on legislation:
    +     Support.              .    Amended
    *     Oppose.                    consistent with
                                     the NJSBA's
 diamond  No position.               request.
    X     Under review:       DELTA  Initiated and
          "Under review"             drafted by the
          means the bill is          NJSBA.
          currently being
          examined by the      [+]   Support with
          NJSBA and a                amendments.
          final position has
          not been taken.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption

                   Copyright 2004 The New Jersey Lawyer, Inc.


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             April 29, 2011 Friday

School Bell: Dozier-Libbey students bring home awards from convention

BYLINE: By Trine Gallegos For the Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 852 words


Antioch's Dozier-Libbey Medical High School had its best showing to date at the
recent Cal-HOSA (Health Occupations Students of America) State Leadership
Convention, with 28 students loading up on awards.

The Sacramento event featured a record number of competitors. Still, the locals
came through with flying colors -- with more Dozier-Libbey students in the top
10 this year than the past two years.

All top 10 winners were announced and honored on stage during the awards
ceremony.

"This year, the competition was tough. I am very proud of all students who
attended," said Cyndi Soraoka, teacher and coordinator. "Our students are
hardworking with hearts for health care."

Antonio Hernandez was elected a Cal-HOSA state officer and will serve the
organization and more than 3,700 members representing HOSA in California for a
year along with eight other officers. He was one of four officers elected.
Hernandez will go through extensive leadership training and be part of the state
officer team, which runs the regional and state leadership conventions in
2011-2012.

"This is huge," Soraoka said. "Antonio received the most points of any candidate
based on a test about HOSA, an interview, and votes by the Cal-HOSA chapter
delegates. (He) had to give a speech in front of 138 delegates "... and answer
questions. He worked hard for this honor."

Public Service Announcement (PSA): Gold medal for the team of Alexa Gordon, Nick
Gordon, Cameron Jacobsohn, Lindsay Jacobsohn and Edrielle Belisario. This team
can compete at June's national convention.

Kaiser Health Care Issues Exam: More than 500 students took this test at the
conference; a record number. Connor Patton placed first, received a $500
scholarship and can compete at nationals. Maureen Gil placed in the top 10.

Medical Math: Patton was in the top 10.

Extemporaneous Health Poster: Grace Primalia placed fourth, with the option to
compete at nationals.

HOSA Bowl: The team of Mary Bueno, Antonio Hernandez, Ethan Mahoney and Tuyen
Mai placed in the top 10.

Career Health Display: Tiffany Rodrigues and Joycelyn Trujillo placed in the top
10.

Medical Reading: For the third year, a Dozier-Libbey team placed in the top 10.
This time it was the team of freshmen: Margarette Gil, Beatriz Hernandez and
Celynn Knight.

Recognition Category: Dozier-Libbey HOSA chapter was honored for participation
in the HOSA National Service Project by raising $300 for the Juvenile Diabetes
Research Foundation. Ali Akram and Maureen Gil were honored for their
professional portfolio in the National Recognition event.

Cal-HOSA Honor Roll for academic achievement: Ali Akram, Margarette Gil, Maureen
Gil, Roshi Goshtasbi, Antonio Hernandez, Cameron Jacobsohn, Celynn Knight and
Ethan Mahoney.

Instructor Soraoka was elected to the Cal-HOSA board of directors and will be
chairwoman of the board for the 2011-2012 school year. Sarah Steen will serve a
two-year term on the board.

ZIMMERMAN HONORED: Hilltop Christian School of Antioch honored Dr. J. Gene
Zimmerman during a National Volunteers Week assembly April 15.

The event honored the people who regularly volunteer at the school. The
culmination of that assembly featured the national sorority, Alpha Delta Kappa,
presenting its Golden Apple award to Zimmerman, a local doctor and businessman.
The award honors people who have done outstanding volunteer work for area
schools.

Zimmerman donated the land on which Hilltop Christian stands, and later donated
much of the money to build the school, completed in 2001. According to the
school, he continues to give freely to the school, including paying for half of
the building to receive new carpeting, and this summer the rest of the building
will be freshly carpeted.

GOLF FOR GOOD: The eighth annual Freedom High School golf tournament is set for
June 6.

The Oakley school needs 144 golfers, plus hole sponsors, auction items and team
awards to help make money for the athletic program. Held at Brentwood's
Shadowlakes (401 West Country Club Drive), the day will feature a four-person
scramble format, closet to the hole (men and women), longest drive and a putting
contest.

Cost is $125 per player; $500 per team; and $33 for the barbecue only. The entry
fee includes golf, a cart, barbecue lunch and range balls. Entry deadline is May
27. Checks should be made to Freedom High School, and dropped off or mailed to:
Martha Magner, Athletic Director's Golf Tournament, 1050 Neroly Road, Oakley, CA
94561. For more info, call 925-625-5900 or email magnerm@libertyuhsd.k12.ca.us .

HELPING HANDS: Two Antioch schools recently benefited from the Horace Mann
Companies on www.DonorsChoose.org , a nonprofit website where public school
teachers post specific educational projects. Horace Mann provides insurance and
financial solutions primarily to educators.

Michelle Flowers of Park Middle was given $210.93 for learning games for her
students; and one Lone Tree Elementary classroom received $353.64 for a "cozy"
reading corner.

If you have news you'd like to share in this column, contact Trine Gallegos at
trineg@att.net . You can also reach Judith Prieve at
jprieve@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            October 31, 2005 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Moves

BYLINE: Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Keeping Track; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 352  words


On the 2005-06 board of the Information System Security Association's Vancouver
chapter are president Eva Kuiper of Hewlett-Packard, past-president Rodney Denno
of Open Secure Systems, executive vice-president Orvin Lau of Grant Thornton,
treasurer Dean Styles of Sooty Solutions, and directors James Crooks, Steven
Schnider and Anwar Visram.

Bev Brown, senior vice-president, Sales, Marketing and Support Services at
Envision Financial was named to the board of The Ethical Funds Company.

Patrick Snelling has joined North Shore Law - Bradbrooke Crawford Green as an
associate lawyer.

Elected to the board of the Vancouver Hotel General Managers Association were
Phil Barnes of the Fairmont Hotel Vancouver (chair), Gordon Johnson of the Delta
Vancouver Airport Hotel (vice-chair), Amin Karim of the Lonsdale Quay Hotel
(treasurer), Jim Mockford of Listel Vancouver (secretary), John Nicholson of the
Pacific Palisades Hotel (past chair), and Stephen Darling, Rolf Osterwalder and
Ken Cretney (directors).

David Zerr was named president and CEO of the Mainroad Group of Companies which
provide road and bridge maintenance services in the Lower Mainland, East
Kootenay, Howe Sound and Southern Vancouver Island areas. Zerr was previously
with Terasen Gas.

Barlow Media named Samantha Richardson as its associate media director.

Harvey Exner has joined Re/Max Advantage in New Westminster as the managing
broker. He was previously with the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver.

New to i2i Advertising & Marketing are account executive Steve Kibble, account
coordinator Byron Richards and media coordinator Paula Osellame.

The 2005-06 board of the Health Care Leaders' Association of B.C. includes
president Chuck Rowe, vice-president Brian Schmidt, treasurer Marc Pelletier,
directors Jim Cawsey, Dianne Doyle, Pat Kasprow, Khanum Keshavjee, Diane Layton,
Michael Leisinger, Dan Levitt, Heather Mass, Raelene Shea and Cindy Welsh, and
executive director Geoff Rowlands.

Jean Sparkes, general manager of Prospera Insurance Agencies, was elected
president of the Credit Union Insurance Services Association board of directors.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: (Patrick) Snelling;
Colour Photo: (Phil) Barnes;
Photo: (David) Zerr;
Photo: (Samantha) Richardson;
Colour Photo: (Harvey) Exner;
Colour Photo: (Eva) Kuiper;
Colour Photo: (Bev) Brown

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             April 29, 2011 Friday

School Bell: Dozier-Libbey students bring home awards from convention

BYLINE: By Trine Gallegos For the Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 857 words


Antioch's Dozier-Libbey Medical High School had its best showing to date at the
recent Cal-HOSA (Health Occupations Students of America) State Leadership
Convention, with 28 students loading up on awards.

The Sacramento event featured a record number of competitors. Still, the locals
came through with flying colors -- with more Dozier-Libbey students in the top
10 this year than the past two years.

All top 10 winners were announced and honored on stage during the awards
ceremony.

"This year, the competition was tough. I am very proud of all students who
attended," said Cyndi Soraoka, teacher and coordinator. "Our students are
hardworking with hearts for health care."

Antonio Hernandez was elected a Cal-HOSA state officer and will serve the
organization and more than 3,700 members representing HOSA in California for a
year along with eight other officers. He was one of four officers elected.
Hernandez will go through extensive leadership training and be part of the state
officer team, which runs the regional and state leadership conventions in
2011-2012.

"This is huge," Soraoka said. "Antonio received the most points of any candidate
based on a test about HOSA, an interview, and votes by the Cal-HOSA chapter
delegates. (He) had to give a speech in front of 138 delegates "... and answer
questions. He worked hard for this honor."

The convention winners were:

Public Service Announcement (PSA): Gold medal for the team of Alexa Gordon, Nick
Gordon, Cameron Jacobsohn, Lindsay Jacobsohn and Edrielle Belisario. This team
can compete at June's national convention.

Kaiser Health Care Issues Exam: More than 500 students took this test at the
conference; a record number. Connor Patton placed first, received a $500
scholarship and can compete at nationals. Maureen Gil placed in the top 10.

Medical Math: Patton was in the top 10.

Extemporaneous Health Poster: Grace Primalia placed fourth, with the option to
compete at nationals.

HOSA Bowl: The team of Mary Bueno, Antonio Hernandez, Ethan Mahoney and Tuyen
Mai placed in the top 10.

Career Health Display: Tiffany Rodrigues and Joycelyn Trujillo placed in the top
10.

Medical Reading: For the third year, a Dozier-Libbey team placed in the top 10.
This time it was the team of freshmen: Margarette Gil, Beatriz Hernandez and
Celynn Knight.

Recognition Category: Dozier-Libbey HOSA chapter was honored for participation
in the HOSA National Service Project by raising $300 for the Juvenile Diabetes
Research Foundation. Ali Akram and Maureen Gil were honored for their
professional portfolio in the National Recognition event.

Cal-HOSA Honor Roll for academic achievement: Ali Akram, Margarette Gil, Maureen
Gil, Roshi Goshtasbi, Antonio Hernandez, Cameron Jacobsohn, Celynn Knight and
Ethan Mahoney.

Instructor Soraoka was elected to the Cal-HOSA board of directors and will be
chairwoman of the board for the 2011-2012 school year. Sarah Steen will serve a
two-year term on the board.

ZIMMERMAN HONORED: Hilltop Christian School of Antioch honored Dr. J. Gene
Zimmerman during a National Volunteers Week assembly April 15.

The event honored the people who regularly volunteer at the school. The
culmination of that assembly featured the national sorority, Alpha Delta Kappa,
presenting its Golden Apple award to Zimmerman, a local doctor and businessman.
The award honors people who have done outstanding volunteer work for area
schools.

Zimmerman donated the land on which Hilltop Christian stands, and later donated
much of the money to build the school, completed in 2001. According to the
school, he continues to give freely to the school, including paying for half of
the building to receive new carpeting, and this summer the rest of the building
will be freshly carpeted.

GOLF FOR GOOD: The eighth annual Freedom High School golf tournament is set for
June 6.

The Oakley school needs 144 golfers, plus hole sponsors, auction items and team
awards to help make money for the athletic program. Held at Brentwood's
Shadowlakes (401 West Country Club Drive), the day will feature a four-person
scramble format, closet to the hole (men and women), longest drive and a putting
contest.

Cost is $125 per player; $500 per team; and $33 for the barbecue only. The entry
fee includes golf, a cart, barbecue lunch and range balls. Entry deadline is May
27. Checks should be made to Freedom High School, and dropped off or mailed to:
Martha Magner, Athletic Director's Golf Tournament, 1050 Neroly Road, Oakley, CA
94561. For more info, call 925-625-5900 or email magnerm@libertyuhsd.k12.ca.us .

HELPING HANDS: Two Antioch schools recently benefited from the Horace Mann
Companies on www.DonorsChoose.org , a nonprofit website where public school
teachers post specific educational projects. Horace Mann provides insurance and
financial solutions primarily to educators.

Michelle Flowers of Park Middle was given $210.93 for learning games for her
students; and one Lone Tree Elementary classroom received $353.64 for a "cozy"
reading corner.

If you have news you'd like to share in this column, contact Trine Gallegos at
trineg@att.net . You can also reach Judith Prieve at
jprieve@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 1, 2010 Sunday

Taking better care of babies

BYLINE: Michaela Morris, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 596 words


Aug. 01--Infant mortality rates have settled down in Mississippi, but a lot of
work remains to help more Magnolia State babies make it through their first year
of life.

In 2008, nearly 10 Mississippi babies out of every 1,000 born died in the first
year of life. That's slightly better than in 1995 and 2000 and much better than
the state's worst mark of 11.4 deaths per 1,000 births in 2005.

"It's just been jumping around" over the past decade, said State Health Officer
Dr. Mary Currier. "It's stabilized for Mississippi around 10."

Most of the improvement in the infant mortality rates has come through better
care for low birth-weight babies -- those born under 5 1/2 pounds.

"It's because NICUs have gotten better at taking care of those babies and
there's better transportation and better protocols," Currier said, referring to
neonatal intensive care units.

The challenge now becomes very difficult -- reducing the number of low
birth-weight babies, who are usually premature and face a higher risk for dying
during the first year.

Preventing premature births is a tall order because so many factors are in play
and it's very difficult to identify who will have a premature baby.

Currier is particularly concerned about the disparity for minority babies.

The infant mortality rates for white infants are very close to the national rate
of 6.7 deaths per 1,000 live births in 2008. The rate for non-white Mississippi
babies -- predominantly black -- was 12.9 per 1,000 in 2008.

Mississippi already has taken the first step. About 85 percent of expectant
Mississippi moms get into prenatal care during the first trimester.

"We do about as well as everybody else," Currier said. "So there's some other
piece that's missing."

In an attempt to find that missing piece, the Mississippi State Department of
Health has started a pilot program focused on Jackson and the Mississippi Delta.

They've focused on mothers who have had very low birth-weight babies -- those
born under 3.3 pounds and who have a highest risk for death and lifelong
complications.

"We know those women have the highest known risk for having a second low
birth-weight baby," Currier said.

The program, which has entered its second year, connects those women with
primary health care providers, chronic disease management and a resource mom to
help her and baby thrive, Currier said.

One of the goals of the program is to help those women make a reproductive plan
and avoid getting pregnant again within 18 months of giving birth, which appears
to be a factor in the cycle of low birth-weight babies.

"The mom has time for her body to get back to normal," Currier said.

A number of communities have grassroots program reaching out to mothers, and the
health department has applied for federal grants created through health care
reform to fund further programs for mothers and babies.

The department is promoting efforts to increase breastfeeding, which could also
affect another key long-term health initiative, Currier said.

"It's the best beginning for an infant," she said. "It decreases the risk of
becoming obese later in childhood."

To see more of the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.djournal.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com,
e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United
States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100801-TP-Taking-better-care-of-babies-20100801

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2010 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 21, 2017

                          Southern Illinois Healthcare

                            405 West Jackson Street
                                Carbondale 62902
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Southern Illinois Healthcare Partners With Emmi Solutions

   Sep 10, 2014

   Southern Illinois Healthcare has partnered with Emmi Solutions, a leader in
outcomes-driven patient engagement, to drive further innovation around improving
their patients' health outcomes, experience and wellness.Southern Illinois
Healthcare, a three-hospital sytem based in Carbondale, Ill., has long been a
proponent of integrating technologies that support their mission of providing
the best care possible in and outside the four walls of the hospital. Their care
staff are now able to prescribe Emmi Solutions' interactive web-based programs
to patients that are personalized to their needs and viewable at any
time."Technology should be an enabler and an intuitive part of the healthcare
process," said David Holland, CIO at Southern Illinois Healthcare. "We chose
Emmi Solutions because their programs and expert approach to implementation take
into consideration how our doctors and nurses operate day-to-day while also
supporting our mission of maintaining a patient-centered care model."
"Healthcare consumers are increasingly seeking personalized care and
communication," said Devin Gross, CEO of Emmi Solutions. "Southern Illinois
Healthcare is a prime example of an organization responding to this
preferenceour design and integration capabilities are a natural fit for their
advanced workflow and technology infrastructure." EmmiÂ® programs and
interactive call campaigns provide empathetic, understandable and actionable
information to foster patient action and make care conversations more impactful.
Emmi programs utilize simple language and compelling visuals to make sense of
complex medical information. Select programs act as decision aids to support
shared decision making by capturing goals and preferences and explaining risks
and benefits associated with treatment options. The web-based programs can be
shared with family and friends, guiding individuals to have meaningful
conversations about their treatment wishes with all involved in the process.


Southern Illinois Healthcare Selects Portfolio of Elsevier's Clinical Solutions

   Mar 26, 2014

   Elsevier, a world-leading provider of scientific, technical and medical
information products and services, today announced that the Southern Illinois
Healthcare (SIH) has selected CPM CarePoints, ExitCare, Mosby's Nursing Consult
and Mosby's Skills from Elsevier's Clinical Solutions suite.SIH chose these
point-of-care solutions to provide an easily implemented framework for employing
actionable, evidence-based care and improving its clinical workflow, patient
education and patient satisfaction.Southern Illinois Healthcare is a
not-for-profit healthcare system with more than 3,300 employees across multiple
facilities, including Memorial Hospital of Carbondale, Herrin Hospital and St.
Joseph Memorial Hospital. Healthcare professionals at SIH facilities will have
direct access to Elsevier's evidence-based content solutions through its
MEDITECH electronic health record system (EHR). "Our clinical leadership
enthusiastically supported the collaboration with Elsevier as we look towards a
full transformation of the reference services made available to our clinical
staff," said Dave Holland, SIH's Chief Innovation Officer. "A key element in
selecting Elsevier's suite of clinical solutions was the fact that they align
with our clinical workflow and EHR system." CPM CarePoints provides an
all-inclusive framework for implementing actionable, evidence-based care
planning and documentation tools across all clinical domains. Designed to offer
the latest scientific and clinical guidance on a wide range of diagnoses, all
clinicians in hospital can utilize and reference CarePoints for
practice-specific, expert guidance, as well as provide the tools they need to
document and monitor that care. The agreement includes CPM inpatient collection,
inpatient rehab facility collection and also emergency collection. SIH care team
members will utilize Elsevier's ExitCare solutions to provide patients with
interactive videos and printed educational content that address important care
concerns. Mosby's Skills and Mosby's Nursing Consult offer a comprehensive
resource for evidence-based skills and procedures. "Integrating these products
into the clinical workflow and EHR will support SIH's efforts to provide
evidence-based care across care settings and teams," said Jay Katzen, President
of Elsevier Clinical Solutions. "Elsevier is proud to support SIH in
strengthening quality of care, improved clinical outcomes and enhanced patient
safety and satisfaction."


Researchers Collaborate To Study Disparities In Lung Cancer Treatments In
Southern Illinois

   Feb 07, 2012

   Southern Illinois University School of Medicine (SIU School Of Medicine) in
Springfield, Southern Illinois Healthcare (SIH) Cancer Institute in Carbondale
and the Illinois State Cancer Registry will collaborate on a two-year study that
will explore disparities in the treatment of lung cancer in southern Illinois.
SIH Cancer Institute is an affiliate of Simmons Cancer Institute at SIU.Dr David
Steward, chair of the internal medicine department at SIU, is the principal
investigator for the $249,998 project that is funded by the American Cancer
Society, Illinois Division.The two-year project, 'Collaboration to Reduce Lung
Cancer Disparities in Southern Illinois Delta,' will include the 16 most
southern counties in Illinois: Alexander, Franklin, Gallatin, Hamilton, Hardin,
Jackson, Johnson, Massac, Perry, Pope, Pulaski, Randolph, Saline, Union, White
and Williamson. Robin Koehl, administrator of Franklin/Williamson Bi-County
Health, said, On behalf of the HealthySI (Southern Illinois) Delta Network, we
are elated with the news of the award of this important funding. The research
will be an integral part of addressing lung cancer disparities that exist in our
region. In Franklin County alone, lung cancer mortality rates and cases of lung
cancer that are diagnosed at a later stage have long been higher than even
surrounding counties. We are looking at groundbreaking work here that will mean
earlier diagnosis and longer life." An additional benefit to the collaborative
lung cancer study is the ability to identify other cancers that may be occurring
more often or are causing a disproportionate number of bad outcomes in the area,
and then design specific actions to address these problems. Steward said, A
subsequent part of the study focuses on working with existing community
coalitions to identify barriers that might prevent people in the region from
getting proper attention for medical issues that might be related to cancer."
SIU School of Medicine will also work with SIH to support a lung nodule
evaluation program to ensure that suspicious lesions found on CT scans
(computerized tomography that provides a 3-D view of bones and soft tissue) get
appropriate diagnostic evaluation and treatment. Steward added, We hope the
result is that, by finding lung cancers at an early stage, these patients can
receive treatment that may cure them, rather than letting some early cancers
spread and become less treatable." Dr Mary Rosenow, medical director, said, "The
SIH Cancer Institute Lung Cancer Team has long noted how often patients with the
disease do not follow through with diagnostic efforts prior to their diagnosis
being made, according to.This grant will make it possible for the group to
achieve its goal of establishing the Pulmonary Nodule Clinic, where patients can
be seen by specialists at the very first sign of a problem, and where a
navigator and office staff will track every patient from the start to the finish
of the evaluation. We are grateful for the award of this grant." The mission of
Simmons Cancer Institute at SIU is to serve the people of central and southern
Illinois by addressing their present and future cancer needs through education,
research, patient care and community service.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              Major Products and Services
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 8, 2012 Thursday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Second-term priorities mean job opportunities

BYLINE: Derrick T. Dortch

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 437 words


Right about now, there are probably a few things on which most of us can agree.
First, we're glad this election is over. Second, we need to find a way to work
together to keep our country strong.

Some will be so inspired by President Obama's reelection that they will decide
to pursue government service. If that includes you, I suggest keeping an eye on
some of these agencies for possible employment:

Departments of Labor and Commerce and the Small Business Administration: The
president has said his focus is on creating jobs and businesses. More emphasis
is likely to be placed on these agencies because they will be working to spur
employment, training and economic development. Each also has sub agencies such
as the Employment and Training Administration, Veterans Employment and Training
Services, Economic Development Administration and the Minority Business
Development Agency. They will probably play a more important role and could mean
more positions or more grants, financing or contracts.

Department of Veterans Affairs: Obama has been heavily focused on veterans.
There's been improvement, but more work is ahead to make sure veterans receive
the care and benefits they deserve. There are jobs for health-care, management
and technology professionals, for example. There is also a focus on veteran
employment.

Department of Homeland Security: With Immigration and Customs Enforcement and
the Transportation Security Administration, Homeland Security will continue to
provide hiring opportunities.

Department of Defense: As we reduce our military footprint in Afghanistan, the
focus will be more on special operations and low-intensity conflicts. This means
using more specialized units such as Navy SEALS, Army Delta Force, Green Berets,
Rangers and Marine Special Operations. Support staff will be needed. Also expect
more emphasis on our maritime strategy, and for cybersecurity opportunities to
grow.

Intelligence: In a dangerous world, intelligence agencies will remain a
priority.

International affairs: Agencies such as the State Department, U.S. Agency for
International Development, International Trade Administration, Foreign
Commercial Service, Bureau of Industry and Security, the Export-Import Bank and
others will be important.

Energy and education: These issues discussed extensively during the campaign
could mean opportunities from the Energy and Education departments.

Not each of these agencies will hire huge numbers of workers, but they are Obama
priorities and that means they may end up as opportunities for you.

Dortch is president of the Diversa Group, which specializes in federal
employment.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Herald (Rock Hill, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 1, 2007 Monday

The Herald, Rock Hill, S.C., Health Happenings column

BYLINE: The Herald, Rock Hill, S.C.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 466 words


Jan. 1--Hospice organizing Alzheimer's group

Hospice & Community Care will offer a support group from 2 to 3:30 p.m. Jan. 8
for those caring for someone with Alzheimer's disease or another form of
dementia.

The group, Caring Connections, is open to the community. It meets on the second
Monday of each month in a private room at a long-term care facility. Members
share hints, information and offer support.

For meeting location or details, call 329-4663 or 1-800-895-2273, and ask to
speak to a bereavement counselor.

Red Cross: Blood donation need critical

The American Red Cross encourages everyone to give blood during its "Winter Days
of Giving" campaign. Donors will receive a long-sleeved American Red Cross
T-shirt and the chance to win a seven-day cruise for two with two Delta Air
Lines round-trip tickets.

Blood drives scheduled this week:

9 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Wednesday, Rock Hill school district office, 660 W. Anderson
Road.

2:30 to 7 p.m. Thursday, Beth Shiloh Presbyterian Church, 184 N. Shiloh Road,
York.

2:30 to 7 p.m. Thursday, St. John's United Methodist Church, 130 Tom Hall St.,
Fort Mill.

The Red Cross is in critical need of four blood types: O negative, O positive, B
negative and A negative. More than 1,600 units of blood and blood products are
needed each day by patients in the 103 area hospitals served by the Carolinas
Blood Services Region. Donors must be at least 17 years old, weigh a minimum of
110 pounds and be in general good health to give blood. For more details, call
329-6575.

Support groups available for substance problems

The following support groups are available:

For Al-Anon/Alateen meetings in York, Chester and Lancaster counties, call
1-800-334-2666 or visit www.sc-alanon-alateen.org.

For the local Narcotics Anonymous help line, call toll free 1-877-336-9752.

Kidney foundation needs cars you no longer drive

The National Kidney Foundation of South Carolina needs donated vehicles. The
vehicles will be sold at auction.

The Kidney Cars program funds scholarships for children to attend Kidney Camp,
health screenings for kidney disease, vitamins for dialysis patients, emergency
financial assistance, educational material and transportation for those who can
not get to appointments.

Donations enable the foundation to make life better for those who suffer from
chronic kidney disease. The foundation will arrange free vehicle pick up. Donors
who itemize their taxes may qualify for a deduction. For details, call
1-800-488-2277.

Health happenings

Copyright (c) 2007, The Herald, Rock Hill, S.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070101-RH-0101-The-Herald-Rock-Hill-S-C-Health-Happenings-column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RH


                           Copyright 2007 The Herald


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Latah Eagle (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 24, 2009

Lee Shellman

BYLINE: Latah Eagle staff

LENGTH: 425  words


Lee Charles Shellman, age 71, took his final boat ride atop his beloved Hayden
Lake on December 10, 2009. Born December 17, 1937 in Chicago, Illinois lee
attended elementary school in Manitowoc, WI before moving with his family to
Palouse, WA where he graduated from Tekoa High School in 1956. Lee attended the
University of Washington on a football scholarship, pledging Phi Delta Theta
fraternity. He later transferred to the University of Idaho, where he played
varsity football and baseball, graduating in 1961. Lee married the love of his
life, Becky Sieveke, in 1960 prior to moving to Rochester, MN to attend the Mayo
Clinic Physical Therapy School, where he received his Masters degree in Physical
Therapy in 1963.

Lee established North Idaho Physical Therapy in 1968, and mended many North
Idaho residents over the years. He held the oldest RPT license in the state at
the time of his death. Never short of a story, Lee cherished visiting with his
patients and established an incredible number of friendships over the years.

His love of people and the community led him to a number of positions including
the Vandal Scholarship National Board, Kootenai Health Board, Mayo Clinic Alumni
Association, an Elder of the First Presbyterian Church, Chairmen of the Coeur d'
Alene Parks & Recreation Commission and Chairman of the Hayden Lake Water
Quality Association. Lee was a well-known fixture at local sporting events,
donating his time at many athletic events over 30 years.

The most gratifying, loving, and giving part of Lee's life was that of his
family. Lee leaves behind his wife of 49 years, Becky, at their home in Hayden
as well as their children, Lisa Shellman and Scott (Betsy) Shellman of Coeur
d'Alene. and Amy (Johnny) Farrell of Blythe, CA. He was Papa to Kurtis, Casey,
Dylan, Kierstie, Mitchell, and Christain, and Great Papa to Jayce. Lee is also
survived by siblings Jon (Kris) Shellman of Seattle, WA, Pamela Stack of
Spokane, WA and Cathy (David) Mellstrom of Manitowoc, WI; as well as numerous
nieces and nephews.

A memorial service to celebrate his life was held on Thursday, December 17 at
the Lake City Community Church in Coeur d' Alene. The family request memorial
donations to the Vandal Scholarship Fund, c/o University of Idaho Gift
Administration, P.O. Box 443147, Moscow, ID 83844-3147, the Kootenai Medical
Center Foundation, 2003 Lincoln Way, Coeur d' Alene, ID 83814; or the

First Presbyterian Church, 521 E. Lakeside Ave. Coeur d' Alene. ID 83814. Please
visit Lee's online guest book at www.yatesfuneralhomes.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LTE

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                           Copyright 2009 LatahEagle


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    October 29, 2003 Wednesday CITY EDITION

$128 BILLION CORPORATE TAX CUT IN THE WORKS

BYLINE: From wire reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; National Business Briefing; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 592 words


A House committee voted Tuesday to advance a $128 billion corporate tax cut amid
disagreements over whether it will hurt or help U.S. manufacturers. The House
Ways and Means Committee voted 24-15 to pass the bill. Republicans said it makes
long-needed tax changes to reflect an increasingly global economy. Democrats
said those very changes will undermine companies that manufacture in the United
States. Congress finds itself forced into a debate over corporate tax laws after
the World Trade Organization declared that a $5 billion annual tax break for
U.S. exporters amounts to an illegal subsidy. The United States faces $4 billion
in sanctions if the tax break is not repealed. Under the plan, the 35 percent
top corporate tax rate would drop to 34 percent next year, then to 32 percent in
2007 for U.S. manufacturing.

China responds to U.S. trade pressure

China, responding to ongoing trade pressure from the Bush Administration, soon
will announce the purchase of billions of dollars worth of American goods,
including airplanes, jet engines and auto parts, U.S. and Chinese trade
officials and company executives said Tuesday. Commerce Secretary Don Evans said
he warned China's premier Tuesday that Washington will "vigorously enforce" its
trade laws if Beijing fails to move faster on meeting commitments to open its
markets. Evans' warning came amid mounting U.S. pressure for China to meet
commitments made when it joined the World Trade Organization in 2001 to open
markets to foreign competitors. The U.S. trade deficit with China hit $103
billion last year and could top $130 billion this year. American manufacturers
complain they have lost 2.7 million jobs over the past three years, due largely
to Chinese competition.

Ford rethinking plans to end Excursion

Ford Motor Co. is reconsidering plans to discontinue its hulking Excursion sport
utility vehicle, which the company says remains popular among a core group of
customers. Ford announced last summer it would shelve the Excursion after the
2004 model year. Now, the automaker says it has no official date to end
production, which takes place in Louisville, Ky. The large SUV was introduced as
a competitor to the Chevrolet Suburban and GMC Yukon XL in 1999. Excursions
range in price from $37,000 to $50,000, depending on the engine type and
options. Ford's largest SUV, they're nearly 19 feet long and can weigh as much
as 7,688 pounds.

Briefly: The union representing Delta Air Lines' pilots met with company
management to discuss wage concessions on Tuesday, three months after the talks
broke down, a Delta spokeswoman said. ... Standard & Poor's expects to complete
a review of Ford Motor Co.'s financial status for a possible ratings downgrade
by mid-November ... Abbott Laboratories subsidiary CG Nutritionals Inc. has been
sentenced to pay $200 million because its employees tried to help undercover
agents defraud Medicare and Medicaid. CG Nutritionals pleaded guilty in July of
obstructing a criminal investigation of health care offenses, after a large
federal investigation into fraudulent sales of medical equipment. ... American
companies imported 5.1 million metric tons of steel during the third quarter of
2003, down 38 percent from the same period last year, according to U.S. Commerce
Department preliminary data. ... Carrier Corp. has rejected a $210 million
incentive and concession package offered by New York state and union officials
to save 1,200 manufacturing jobs at its suburban Syracuse complex.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    October 29, 2003 Wednesday CITY EDITION

$128 BILLION CORPORATE TAX CUT IN THE WORKS

BYLINE: From wire reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; National Business Briefing; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 592 words


A House committee voted Tuesday to advance a $128 billion corporate tax cut amid
disagreements over whether it will hurt or help U.S. manufacturers. The House
Ways and Means Committee voted 24-15 to pass the bill. Republicans said it makes
long-needed tax changes to reflect an increasingly global economy. Democrats
said those very changes will undermine companies that manufacture in the United
States. Congress finds itself forced into a debate over corporate tax laws after
the World Trade Organization declared that a $5 billion annual tax break for
U.S. exporters amounts to an illegal subsidy. The United States faces $4 billion
in sanctions if the tax break is not repealed. Under the plan, the 35 percent
top corporate tax rate would drop to 34 percent next year, then to 32 percent in
2007 for U.S. manufacturing.

China responds to U.S. trade pressure

China, responding to ongoing trade pressure from the Bush Administration, soon
will announce the purchase of billions of dollars worth of American goods,
including airplanes, jet engines and auto parts, U.S. and Chinese trade
officials and company executives said Tuesday. Commerce Secretary Don Evans said
he warned China's premier Tuesday that Washington will "vigorously enforce" its
trade laws if Beijing fails to move faster on meeting commitments to open its
markets. Evans' warning came amid mounting U.S. pressure for China to meet
commitments made when it joined the World Trade Organization in 2001 to open
markets to foreign competitors. The U.S. trade deficit with China hit $103
billion last year and could top $130 billion this year. American manufacturers
complain they have lost 2.7 million jobs over the past three years, due largely
to Chinese competition.

Ford rethinking plans to end Excursion

Ford Motor Co. is reconsidering plans to discontinue its hulking Excursion sport
utility vehicle, which the company says remains popular among a core group of
customers. Ford announced last summer it would shelve the Excursion after the
2004 model year. Now, the automaker says it has no official date to end
production, which takes place in Louisville, Ky. The large SUV was introduced as
a competitor to the Chevrolet Suburban and GMC Yukon XL in 1999. Excursions
range in price from $37,000 to $50,000, depending on the engine type and
options. Ford's largest SUV, they're nearly 19 feet long and can weigh as much
as 7,688 pounds.

Briefly: The union representing Delta Air Lines' pilots met with company
management to discuss wage concessions on Tuesday, three months after the talks
broke down, a Delta spokeswoman said. ... Standard & Poor's expects to complete
a review of Ford Motor Co.'s financial status for a possible ratings downgrade
by mid-November ... Abbott Laboratories subsidiary CG Nutritionals Inc. has been
sentenced to pay $200 million because its employees tried to help undercover
agents defraud Medicare and Medicaid. CG Nutritionals pleaded guilty in July of
obstructing a criminal investigation of health care offenses, after a large
federal investigation into fraudulent sales of medical equipment. ... American
companies imported 5.1 million metric tons of steel during the third quarter of
2003, down 38 percent from the same period last year, according to U.S. Commerce
Department preliminary data. ... Carrier Corp. has rejected a $210 million
incentive and concession package offered by New York state and union officials
to save 1,200 manufacturing jobs at its suburban Syracuse complex.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       May 1, 1992, Friday, City Edition

Ridgewood senior wins scholarship

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; GOOD FOR YOU; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 582 words

DATELINE: NEW PORT RICHEY; HOLIDAY; LAND O'LAKES; HUDSON



Erin M. Bubelis, a senior at Ridgewood High School, has been awarded a Hollis
scholarship from Stetson University in DeLand.

    The $ 18,000 scholarship, payable over four years, recognizes academic
achievement and community leadership.

    Miss Bubelis, the daughter of Robert and Barbara Bubelis, participated in
honors-scholarship weekend at Stetson in February, meeting the faculty and
attending a typical Honors Program class.  She plans to major in marketing.

    She participates in student government, the school newspaper, Diversified
Cooperative Training (DCT), National Honor Society, math club, Students Against
Drunk Driving, Inner-Club council, Interact and Cooperative Education Clubs of
Florida. She is band representative and soloist, DCT state winner, Girls State
participant and a Seminar of Tomorrow's Leaders nominee.
 Lions: white cane presentation


   HOLIDAY The Holiday Lions Club presented a white cane to Violet Sipos,
kicking off the recent white cane day drive in Holiday.

    Mrs. Sipos, who is legally blind, is a six-month resident of the Gardens of
Beacon Square.

    The presentation was made by Vivian Sultan, president of the Holiday Lions
Club.
 Postal Service: volunteer of year


   LAND O'LAKES Kennis Riggins, a rural route carrier for the Land O'Lakes Post
Office, has been selected the local postal Volunteer of the Year.

    Postmaster William Ragan was to present Riggins with a certificate of
appreciation today during a ceremony at the post office.

    Riggins was commended for contributing his time to the community. A
seven-year postal employee, he has been involved in youth sports activities for
six years.
 Healthcare residents donate baskets


   HUDSON Residents of the National Healthcare Center in Hudson meet each
Wednesday for an arts and crafts class.

    For two months, class members concentrated on making crafts and treats to
put in Easter baskets for children living at the Salvation Army Domestic
Violence Shelter.

    The baskets were accepted by Beverly Bean, secretary at the shelter.

    For information, call (813) 856-5797.
 Madeline C. Cafaro receives award


   NEW PORT RICHEY Madeline C. Cafaro, professional and community relations
director at St. Luke's Cataract and Laser Institute, and Deborah L. Burge,
public relations director at Suncoast Eye Center, presented the paper "Market
Within the Community" at the American Society of Ophthalmic Administrators
(ASOA) 1992 Congress on Ophthalmic Practice Management in San Diego.

    Mrs. Cafaro received an honor award plaque for outstanding contributions to
ASOA as president of more than 1,600 national members.
  Rosanne M. Smithwick: award


   NEW PORT RICHEY Rosanne M. Smithwick, owner of an Allstate insurance agency
and candidate for the District 4 School Board seat, has been chosen by Phi Delta
Kappa to receive its Service Education Award.

    Phi Delta Kappa comprises educational leaders from Pasco and Hernando
counties.

    Smithwick received the award for her work linking human and financial
resources in the community with needs in the school system.
 Do you have good news to share? Contact Carolyn Hopkins, Pasco Times, 11321
U.S. 19, Port Richey 34668. For information in most of West Pasco, call (813)
869-6231. From Holiday, call (813) 842-9465.  Elsewhere, call (800) 333-7505.


LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (3); Erin M. Bubelis; Violet Sipos with Vivian
Sultan of Lions; Madeline C. Cafaro

                            Times Publishing Company


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                             June 14, 2007 Thursday

News Summary

BYLINE: Staff and wire reports

LENGTH: 1326  words


Royster to leave MPA post

Maryland Port Administration Executive Director F. Brooks Royster III will leave
the position, effective Aug. 1, the Maryland Department of Transportation
announced. Royster was appointed by former Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. in 2005.
The decision to leave after only two years was made jointly by Royster and MDOT
Secretary John D. Porcari, said spokesman Jack Cahalan. A search for a
replacement is underway, he said. Experience with port security will be one of
the main criteria for filling the post, Cahalan said.

Planning Board seats filled

Baltimore County Executive James T. Smith Jr. announced the appointments of
Edward J. Gilliss and Nellie Butler Grinage to the Baltimore County Planning
Board, effective July 1. Gilliss, a partner in the Towson law firm Royston,
Mueller, McLean & Reid, is a former president of the Maryland State Bar
Association, and served for three years as Baltimore County Attorney. Gillis
will replace Randy Cogar as the board's vice chair, but must be approved for the
post by the Baltimore County Council. Grinage, a human resources representative
with Middle River Aircraft Systems, replaces board member Donna Flynn.

Alternative energy fund starts

Calvert Group, of Bethesda, which offers socially screened mutual funds, said it
launched the Calvert Global Alternative Energy Fund, and released a national
survey that found 76 percent of U.S. investors are concerned about climate
change and interested in alternative energy investments. The new fund invests in
stocks of alternative energy companies that work in areas of renewable energy,
including solar, wind, geothermal, biofuel, biomass and hydrogen; provide
technologies that enable those sources to be tapped; or offer services or
technologies that conserve or enable more efficient use of energy.

Chindex shows 4Q profit

Chindex International Inc., of Bethesda, which sells health care products and
services in China, reported net income for its fiscal fourth quarter, which
ended March 31, of $665,000, or 9 cents per diluted share, versus a net loss of
$394,000, or 6 cents per diluted share, for the prior-year period. Revenue for
the quarter was $24.7 million, a 6 percent increase over revenue of $23.3
million for the quarter ended March 31, 2006. Officials attributed the
turnaround to "rapid growth" in the Chinese health care marketplace.

BP backs Venter firm

Synthetic Genomics Inc., of Rockville, a startup founded by genome pioneer J.
Craig Venter that develops and commercializes synthetic and naturally occurring
processes for the production of clean, renewable alternative energy, announced a
long-term research and development agreement with BP plc, one of the world's
largest energy companies, to study using biological microbes found in subsurface
fuel sources, such as oil and natural gas, to develop cleaner energy products
and improved recovery rates. BP has made an equity investment in Synthetic
Genomics; other terms were not disclosed.

Minority R&D program unveiled

The Maryland Technology Development Corp. announced the establishment of the
Maryland Minority Research and Development Initiative, with the goal of helping
to better prepare minority- and women-owned businesses applying for federal
early-stage research and development grants. The U.S. Small Business
Administration provided $600,000 to seed the new program. Other partners in the
initiative are the Prince George's County Economic Development Corp. and the
Maryland Small Business Development Center.

US Lacrosse's new backer

US Lacrosse, a Baltimore-based nonprofit organization that is the national
governing body for men's and women's lacrosse in the United States, and
Nationwide Insurance Co., of Columbus, Ohio, announced a joint marketing
agreement, under which US Lacrosse and Nationwide will provide educational
programming specific to parents and families, including advice on teaching
sportsmanship, raising balanced student athletes, guiding proper parent/coach
relationships, nutrition and more.

$14.3M in new funds for RNT

Reactive NanoTechnologies Inc., of Hunt Valley, which is developing technology
to improve the process of bonding heavy materials, said it secured $14.3 million
in Series C financing led by Siemens Venture Capital and existing investor Sevin
Rosen Funds. The company will use the funds to expand global sales, marketing
and distribution, and for ongoing engineering and development of NanoFoil, a
patented material that RNT developed to precisely control the instantaneous
release of heat energy used in joining similar and dissimilar materials.

NEA's $20M investment

New Enterprise Associates, a venture capital firm with offices in Baltimore,
Reston, Va., and Menlo Park, Calif. announced a $20 million investment in ISGN
Technologies Ltd., an India-based information technology and business process
outsourcing company that provides products and services to the U.S. mortgage
industry. ISGN will use the funding to strengthen its global delivery
infrastructure and expand sales and marketing initiatives.

Ace*Comm selected by mBlox

Ace*Comm Corp., of Gaithersburg, a telecommunications and Internet service
company, said it has been selected by mBlox Inc., of Sunnyvale, Calif.,
described as the world's largest mobile transaction network, to support its
prototype Billing and Order Management system. Ace*Comm will provide mBlox with
strategic technical consultation and a functional prototype to refine and
improve its final billing and order management technology.

Risky business in Nigeria

iJET Intelligent Risk Systems, of Annapolis, a provider of travel intelligence
and customized travel services, will present a free, one-hour Webinar at 11 a.m.
on June 27 to address the unique security climate faced by businesses operating
in the Niger Delta, Nigeria's epicenter for oil and gas production. Frederic
Ngoga-Gateretse, Africa regional manager for iJET, will lead the in-depth
discussion, titled "Niger Delta: Operating in an Increasingly Dangerous
Environment. " To register for the Web event, go to www.ijet.com/webinar.

Ovcon settlement reached

The top legal officials of 33 states and the District of Columbia, including
Maryland Attorney General Douglas F. Gansler, announced on Wednesday the
settlement of a lawsuit against Warner Chilcott Holdings Company III. Ltd.,
maker of the popular oral contraceptive product Ovcon. The suit, filed in U.S.
District Court for the District of Columbia, charged Warner Chilcott and a chief
competitor, Barr Pharmaceuticals Inc., with unlawfully agreeing to deny
consumers the opportunity to purchase a less expensive, generic version of the
drug. Warner Chilcott agreed to pay $20 million to Barr not to bring its generic
product to market, according to the suit. Under the terms of the settlement,
Warner Chilcott will pay $5.5 million to Maryland and the other litigating
states.

Embezzler pleads guilty

A West Virginia woman pled guilty to embezzling nearly $800,000 from Potomac
Case Management Services, a Washington County nonprofit agency, where she worked
for more than six years. Kelley Macher, 45, of Inwood pleaded guilty Tuesday in
Hagerstown to one count of theft scheme over $500. Several other charges were
dropped. Sentencing has not yet been set.

Va. senators back 5 for 4th Circuit

U.S. Sens. John W. Warner, R-Va., and Jim Webb, D-Va., have sent five
recommendations for the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals bench to President
Bush. Those recommended are: Virginia Supreme Court Justices G. Steven Agee and
Donald W. Lemons; Thomas E. Albro of Charlottesville; U.S. District Judge Glen
E. Conrad; and University of Richmond law professor John G. Douglass. The court
has three vacancies, but two other judges have said they plan to take senior
status - one on July 1, the other whenever a successor is nominated - bringing
the number of potential openings to five. Two of the vacancies and expected
openings have traditionally been held by Virginia nominees.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          February 28, 2001, Wednesday

SECTION: LARGO TIMES; OBITUARIES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 4022 words



Clearwater

BREHM, ANITA, 98, of Clearwater, died Sunday (Feb. 25, 2001) at Palm Garden of
Clearwater nursing home. She was born in Decatur, Mich., and came here in 1979
from Bay City, Mich., where she was a social worker and general secretary for
the YWCA. She was Presbyterian and coached high school athletics. Survivors
include two sons, Warren E. Johnson, Clearwater, and Robert H. Johnson, Scotts,
Mich.; two grandchildren; and four great-grandchildren. American Burial and
Cremation Service, Palm Harbor.

BYRER, EVELYN LOUISE LANE "LOVEY," 54, of Milford, Ohio, formerly of Clearwater,
died Saturday (Feb. 24, 2001) at Bethesda North Hospital, Montgomery, Ohio. She
was born in Clearwater. She graduated from Clearwater High School in 1956 and
from St. Petersburg Junior College in 1967, after which she moved to Hollywood,
Fla., and later to Ohio. She graduated from Florida State University and taught
second grade for 32 years at Milford South Elementary School. She received the
Jennings Scholarship Award for achievement in teaching. She was a member of
Delta Delta Delta Sorority and  an adviser of the Rainbow Girls. Survivors
include her husband, Brad; a son, Chad, Eaton, Ohio; a daughter, Tera Byrer,
Chicago; her mother, Shirleye Lane, Inverness; a brother, Lon Lane III, Kansas
City, Mo.; and two nephews, Lon IV and Stewart Lane. Vinson Funeral Home, Tarpon
Springs.

CARRASQUILLO, LYDIA, 85, of Clearwater, died Monday (Feb. 26, 2001) at Mease
Countryside Hospital, Safety Harbor. She came here in 1998 from her native San
Juan, Puerto Rico. She was a homemaker and Catholic. Survivors include a
daughter, Clemencia Ramirez, Clearwater; two sons, Jorge Ramirez, San Juan, and
Victor A. Carrasquillo, New York; a brother, Enrique Quiara, San Juan; three
sisters, Carmen F. Quiara and Dindy Quiara, both of San Juan, and Estrella
Quira, St. Thomas, Virgin Islands; and several nieces and nephews. Abbey
Affordable Cremation & Funeral Services, Largo.

DESCH, PHYLLIS E., 94, of Clearwater, died Sunday (Feb. 25, 2001) at Mariner
Health Care of Clearwater. She was born in Canada and came here in 1969 from
Maple Heights, Ohio, where she retired as manager of Maple Heights High School
cafeteria. She was a member of High Point United Methodist Church, Clearwater.
Survivors include two sons, William C., Clearwater, and Donald M., Bedford
Heights, Ohio; a sister, Winnifred Jennings, Canada; and a granddaughter, Dana
Desch, Bedford Heights. Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home, Clearwater.

DUMAR, STEVEN PATRICK, 21, of Clearwater, died Monday (Feb. 26, 2001) at home
under the care of Hospice of the Florida Suncoast. He was born in Troy, N.Y.,
and came here in 1988 from Mechanicville, N.Y. He graduated in 1998 from
Countryside High School and attended St. Petersburg Junior College. He was a
member of Espiritu Santo Catholic Church, Safety Harbor. Survivors include his
mother, Patricia Dumar, and his mother's fiance, Daniel Morrow, Clearwater; a
brother, Michael, Clearwater; his maternal grandparents, Patricia Cleary and
Joseph A. Helnarski, Safety Harbor; an aunt, Kathleen M. LaRose, Mechanicville.
Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home, Clearwater.

GREENE, MYRA C., 80, of Clearwater, died Tuesday (Feb. 27, 2001) at Oak Bluffs
Retirement Center and Nursing Facility, Clearwater. She was born in Lenoir,
N.C., and came here in 1965 from North Carolina. She was a homemaker. She was a
member of Skycrest Baptist Church, Clearwater, and Yadkin Baptist Church,
Lenoir. Survivors include two daughters, Sara Pleso, Treasure Island, and Rita
Tuttle, Lenoir; three grandchildren; and five great-grandchildren. Moss-Feaster
Funeral Homes & Cremation Services, Belcher Road Chapel, Clearwater.

GREENWOOD, EDGAR M., 82, of Clearwater, died Friday (Feb. 23, 2001) at the VA
Medical Center at Bay Pines. He was born in Warren, Ark., and came here in 1970
from Charleston, W.Va. He retired as a merchandise manager for Kmart and was an
Army veteran of World War II. He was Baptist. Survivors include his wife of 33
years, Erna; two sons, Eddy, Louisiana and Steve, Richmond, Va.; three
daughters; two brothers; two sisters; and four grandchildren. E. James Reese
Funeral Home & Crematory, Seminole.

HARRISON,  WILLIAM D. "DAN," 78, of Calamus, Iowa, formerly of Clearwater, died
Monday (Feb. 19, 2001) at home. He was born in Opp, Ala., came here as a
youngster and moved in 1973 to Iowa. He was a self-employed plumber. Survivors
include his wife, Mary Hartog; a daughter, Dannie Sue Perry, Tampa; a son,
David, Tarpon Springs; a stepson, Timothy M. Allison, Rochester, N.Y.; two
sisters, Sarah Childs, Columbus, Ga., and Ruth Green, Pensacola; a
granddaughter; two step-grandchildren; and several nieces and nephews.
Snell-Zornig Funeral Homes & Crematory, Clinton, Iowa.

KITANJEK, FRANK, 77, of Clearwater, died Sunday (Feb. 25, 2001) at the VA
Medical Center at Bay Pines. He was born in Akron, N.Y., and came here in 1985
from Rochester, N.Y., where for 31 years he co-owned and operated a Travelodge
Motel with his wife. He was also a bus driver for Blue Bus and later Trailways.
He was an Army veteran of World War II. Survivors include his wife, Pauna; two
daughters, Etta Breault, Moosup, Conn., and Rebecca Pierce, Martville, N.Y.; a
stepdaughter, Michele DeWilde, Crystal Beach, Ontario; a sister, Catherine
Starkweather, Oakfield, N.Y.; a brother, Charles, Alexander, N.Y.; five
grandchildren; three step-grandsons; and 11 great-grandchildren. Holloway
Funeral Home, Oldsmar.

STUCKEY, LESLIE JR., 81, of Clearwater, died Monday (Feb. 26, 2001) at Morton
Plant Hospital, Clearwater. He came here in 1955 from his native Berne, Ind.,
and retired as a store manager for Publix Super Markets. He was an Army Air
Forces veteran of World War II. He was an active member of First United
Methodist Church of Clearwater, where he held several offices. He enjoyed
golfing and fishing. Survivors include his wife of 55 years, Lynette; two
daughters, Jillian Caracciolo, Clearwater, and Sheryl Rhoden, St. Petersburg;
two brothers, Gaylord, Berne, and Wayne, Decatur, Ind.; a sister, Eileen
Zeissig, Decatur; five grandchildren; and six great-grandchildren. Sylvan Abbey
Funeral Home, Clearwater.

WHIDDEN, TIMOTHY C., 62, of Clearwater, formerly of Tampa, died Tuesday (Feb.
27, 2001) at home under the care of Hospice of the Florida Suncoast. He was born
in Tampa and was a lifetime area resident. He retired as an agent for Delta  Air
Lines. He was Baptist and a member of the A.W. Windhorst Lodge 185 F&AM and
Egypt Shrine Temple, both of Tampa. Survivors include his mother, Edra D.
Whidden, Tampa; two brothers, T. DeWayne, Madison, and Jerry S., Tampa; a
sister, Sara H. Tillis, Tampa; and his companion, Bunni Grizzell, Clearwater.
Glass Funeral Home, Tampa.

Largo

DAIMLER, LUCILLE, 80, of Largo, died Monday (Feb. 26, 2001) at Largo Medical
Center. She was a longtime visitor and moved here in 1998 from her native
Cordele, Ga. She worked as a retail sales clerk in a department store. She was
an avid bingo player at Casa Celeste, and a volunteer at Health South, Largo,
where she worked in the gift shop from 1989-1991. She was a Messianic Jew and
attended Congregation Ohr Chadash, Clearwater. Survivors include a daughter,
Sharon White, Largo; a sister, Bernadine Morgan, Milford, Del.; a niece, Marsha
Hale, Danville, Va.; and two grandchildren, Jason White, Largo, and Jennifer
White, St. Petersburg. E. James Reese Funeral Home & Crematory, Seminole.

GALLOWAY, WILMA I., 82, of Largo, died Sunday (Feb. 25, 2001) at Morton Plant
Hospital, Clearwater. She was born in Buchanan, Mich., and came here in 1998
from Niles, Mich., where she worked as executive secretary for the Clarke
Equipment Co. Survivors include a daughter, Deanna Emineth, Largo; a son,
Michael, Kalamazoo, Mich.; five grandchildren; and three great-grandchildren.
International Funeral Home, Pinellas Park.

JOHNSON, JAMES JR., 62, of Largo, died Sunday (Feb. 25, 2001) at home under the
care of Hospice of the Florida Suncoast. He was born in Pawtucket, R.I., and
came here in 1998 from Attleboro, Mass. He was a retired jeweler and an Air
Force veteran. Survivors include his wife of 40 years, Ruth; three sons, Gary,
Cranston, R.I., James III, South Attleboro, Mass., and Glen, Pawtucket; two
daughters, Gail Krzywonos and Brenda Lacasse, North Attleboro; and seven
grandchildren. Gulf Breeze Cremation & Burial Society, Largo.

MAVRAKOS, RUTH A., 78, of Largo, died Monday (Feb. 26, 2001) at home under the
care of Hospice of the Florida Suncoast. She was born in Germany and came here
in 1969 from Des Plaines, Ill. She was a homemaker. Survivors include her
husband of 54 years, Peter; two sons, Thomas, Dunedin, and Dirk, Vernon Hills,
Ill.; a daughter, Cassandra King, Tarpon Springs; three grandchildren; and two
great-grandchildren. Gulf Breeze Cremation & Burial Society, Largo.

SCHRATZ, ELEANOR A., 93, of Largo, died Monday (Feb. 26, 2001) at Sabal Palm
Health Care Center, Largo. She was born in Cleveland and came here in 1976 from
Canton, Ohio. She was a member of St. Catherine of Siena Catholic Church, Largo.
Survivors include a son, James, North Canton, Ohio; two daughters, Geraldine
Schmidt, Camillus, N.Y., and Ellen O'Laughlin, Cumberland, R.I.; 20
grandchildren; and 27 great-grandchildren. Moss-Feaster Funeral Homes &
Cremation Services, Serenity Gardens Chapel, Largo.

SMITH, GLADYS F., 98, of Largo, died Thursday (Feb. 22, 2001), at Glen Oaks
Health Care Center, Clearwater. She was born in Chicago and came here in 1971
from Pompano Beach. She co-owned an oil company. She graduated from Bryant &
Stratton Business College, Chicago, the Chicago Business College and the Walton
School of Accounting. She was a member of Good Shepherd Lutheran Church,
Seminole, and a master and member of American Contract Bridge League. Survivors
include a niece, Sally Haverkate, Byron Center, Mich. E. James Reese Funeral
Home & Crematory, Seminole.

SMITH, RALPH FRANCIS, 81, of Largo, died Monday (Feb. 26, 2001) at Integrated
Health Services of Clearwater. He was born in Highland Park, Mich., and came
here in 1983 from Ferndale, Mich., where he owned and operated Smith Super
Service. He was an Army Air Forces veteran of World War II. He was a member of
Elks Lodge 1588, Masonic Lodge 506, VFW Post 1659 and Aerie 3762 Fraternal Order
of Eagles (FOE), all of Ferndale. Survivors include his wife of 54 years,
Connie; three daughters, Ann Elizabeth Tiemann, Brighton, Mich., Janet Elaine
Inman, Clarkston, Mich., and Doris Jean Smith, Warren, Mich.; a sister, Patricia
Thomas, Lantana, six grandchildren, Charles M. Inmann III, Waterford, Mich.,
Cheryl Lynn Inmann, Clarkston, Mark J. Tiemann, Novi, Mich., Jodie A. Tiemann,
Brighton, Steven Campbell, Detroit, and Timothy Michael Campbell, Berkley,
Mich.; and two great-grandchildren. Moss-Feaster Funeral Homes & Cremation
Services, Belcher Road Chapel, Clearwater.

WANKEL, CLAUDIA MAE, 64, of Zephyrhills, formerly of Largo, died Thursday (Feb.
22, 2001) at Hospice of the Pasco, Dade City. She was born in Detroit and came
here in 1975 from Warren, Mich. She worked as a bookkeeper in nursing homes and
was Protestant. Survivors include two daughters, Tammy Wright, Zephyrhills, and
Sherry Stewart, Littleton, N.H.; a brother, Gerald Pepper, Greenville, S.C.; and
five grandchildren. International Mortuary Services, Pinellas Park.

Madeira Beach

DIDOT, MILDRED D., 92, of Madeira Beach, died Saturday (Feb. 24, 2001) at St.
Petersburg General Hospital. Born in Butte, Mont., she was a seasonal resident
for many years before moving here in 1996 from Los Angeles. An artist, she won
many awards and had her oil paintings shown locally and in California. During
World War II, she sketched thousands of military personnel for the USO. She was
Protestant. She was a member of the Tides Bath Club, the Writers Club and the
Computer Club. Survivors include a stepdaughter, Patsy Lacayo Prowizor,
California; a niece; and two nephews. Lewis W. Mohn Funeral Home and Cremation
Service, Seminole.

Pinellas Park

BRANDT-SHARPE, GLADYS E., 66, of Pinellas Park, died Monday (Feb. 26, 2001) at
Hospice House Woodside. She came here in 1962 from her native Washington, W.Va.
She was a supervisor in the indexing department at the Pinellas County
Courthouse in Clearwater. She was Methodist. Survivors include her mother,
Mildred H. Brandt, and a sister, Patricia J. Walker, both of Pinellas Park; a
stepdaughter, Leslie J. Marucci, St. Petersburg; a stepgranddaughter, Laurie L.
Reuter, Redington Beach; and a stepgrandson, Royce D. Wedge, St. Petersburg.
Osgood-Cloud Funeral Home and Cremation Services, Pinellas Park.

BROWN, KENNETH H. SR., 89, of Pinellas Park, died Monday (Feb. 26, 2001) at
Northside Hospital and Heart Institute. Born in Long Island City, N.Y., he came
here in 1973 from Jackson Heights, N.Y. He was an advertising coordinator at
BBDO Advertising Co., New York. He was a member of Glad Tidings Assembly of God.
Survivors include his wife of 61 years, Margie; two sons, Kenneth Jr., Tarpon
Springs, and Wayne, Montgomery, Mass.; a daughter, Patricia Graham, Augusta,
Ga.; a sister, Grace McGuire, Fort Myers; five grandchildren; and four
great-grandchildren. R. Lee Williams & Son Funeral Home & Crematory, 49th Street
N Chapel, St. Petersburg.

O'SHAUGHNESSY, AUDRA S., 88, of Pinellas Park, died Monday (Feb. 19, 2001) at
St. Anthony's Hospital. She was born in Antrim, Mich., and came here in 1972
from Lansing, Mich. She was a nurse and an Army veteran. Survivors include a
brother, Roger Scribner Jr., Casa Grande, Ariz. National Cremation Society, St.
Petersburg.

TONG, ALFRED ELIOT, 91, of Pinellas Park, died Saturday (Feb. 24, 2001) at Palm
Garden of Pinellas, Largo. Born in New Haven, Conn., he came here in 1975 from
Plantsville, Conn., where he was a credit union manager. He was a member of Good
Samaritan Church of Pinellas Park. Survivors include a son, Albert Elliot, Sun
City, Calif.; a grandson, Jeffrey Elliot, Norwalk, Calif.; and a granddaughter,
Victoria Cowles, North Bend, Wash. Osgood-Cloud Funeral Home and Cremation
Services, Pinellas Park.

St. Petersburg

BALLARD, FRANK W. JR., 73, of 7640 16th Ave. N, St. Petersburg, died Monday
(Feb. 26, 2001) at St. Anthony's Hospital. Born in Long Island, N.Y., he came
here in 1953 from Charlottesville, Va., where he received a degree in
architecture from the University of Virginia and was a member of the Scarab
Honor Society. He was in charge of design and engineering for Florida Builders
from 1954 to 1961 and won national design awards. He was a past member of the
Gulfport Board of Zoning and Appeals. He owned a general contracting business
from 1961 to 1963, when he joined the American Plywood Association as a field
technical representative. He retired in 1982. He was a guest lecturer at the
departments of architecture and building construction at the University of
Florida, Gainesville. In 1971, he was named an honorary member of Sigma Lambda
Chi by the Department of Building Construction. He was a lifetime member and
contributor to the Mystic Seaport Museum. He was a lifetime member of the
University of Virginia Alumni Association and a member of its Florida Gulfcoast
Chapter. He was a Navy veteran of World War II, serving aboard aircraft carriers
in the Pacific Theater. He was Protestant. Survivors include two sons, Frank W.
III, Leesburg, and Scott C., St. Petersburg; three daughters, Amy Ballard and
Tracey Hope, both of St. Petersburg, and Paige King, Altamonte Springs; and two
granddaughters. Blount, Curry & Roel Funeral Homes & Cemeteries, Memorial Park
Chapel, St. Petersburg.

BLACKWELL, VERLIN C., 81, of St. Petersburg, died Sunday (Feb. 25, 2001) at the
Lodge at Mainlands, Pinellas Park. A Birmingham, Ala., native, he came here in
1948 from Miami and later moved to Georgia and Grant before returning to St.
Petersburg. He won a national art scholarship to Temple University,
Philadelphia. He worked as an artist for Fleischer cartoon studios in Miami. He
was a veteran of World War II, serving in the Signal Corps in northern
Australia. He was injured during a bombing raid. An avid artist, he documented
his military career in drawings and paintings, including the Japanese bombing of
Darwin and the everyday lives of solders. He was a foreman of the cold type
department at the St. Petersburg Times, retiring in 1975 after 24 years.
Survivors include two daughters, Toni Blackwell Rhodes, Atlanta, and Andrea
Blackwell Kautz, St. Petersburg; a grandson, Graham Rhodes, Atlanta; and a
granddaughter, Carlyn Kautz, St. Petersburg. R. Lee Williams & Son Funeral Home
& Crematory, 49th Street N Chapel, St. Petersburg.

DAVIS, VIOLA, 67, of St. Petersburg, died Monday (Feb. 26, 2001) at home. She
came here 20 years ago from her native Louisville, Ky. She was a cook at the
Monkey Bar and Grill on 54th Avenue North in St. Petersburg. Survivors include
her husband, Jim Conklin; three sons, Robert Janes and Tom Janes, both of St.
Petersburg, and David Janes, Madison; three daughters, Susan Janes, Clearwater,
and Karen Janes and Judy Purkey, both of St. Petersburg; a sister, Billy Jo
Lamb, Gibsonton; a brother, Cel Stone, Perry, Ga.; and six grandchildren. Abbey
Parklawn Funeral Home, Palm Harbor.

HENDRICKS-MATHEWS, SHALONDA RENEY, 33, of Jacksonville, formerly of St.
Petersburg, died Wednesday (Feb. 21, 2001) in Jacksonville as the result of a
gunshot wound. She was born in Gainesville and lived in St. Petersburg for 15
years. She was a 1985 graduate of Northeast High School, where she played
basketball and was a Lady Viking. She was a nurse's assistant. Survivors include
her husband, William "Billy" Mathews; two sons, Karl Mathews and Demitrius
Mathews, both of Jacksonville, and two daughters, Sherman Mathews and Latonia
Mathews, all of Jacksonville; two sisters, Angela Hendricks-Morrison and Marie
Richardson, both of St. Petersburg; three brothers, Michael Hendricks, Los
Angeles, and Marlin Hendricks and Maurice Hendricks, both of St. Petersburg; her
maternal grandmother, Minnie Berry, and her paternal grandmother, Nazorene
Hendricks, both of Green Cove Springs. James Graham Mortuary, Jacksonville.

JOHNSON, OZELLA, 74, of St. Petersburg, died Monday (Feb. 26, 2001) at Bayfront
Medical Center. She was a St. Petersburg native. She retired from Soft Water
Laundry. She was a member of Friendship Missionary Baptist Church. Survivors
include a son, Clifford Johnson, St. Petersburg; a sister, Annie Mae Hardy,
Birmingham, Ala.; four grandchildren, Xavier Johnson, Ladonna Johnson and
Kristie Johnson, all of St. Petersburg, and Trangela Johnson Dudley,
Fayetteville, N.C.; and eight great-grandchildren. Creal Funeral Home, St.
Petersburg.

KIESELBACH, WALTER C., 86, of St. Petersburg, died Monday (Feb. 26, 2001) at
Hospice House Woodside, Pinellas Park. Born in Hoboken, N.J., he came here in
the 1970s from Atlantic Highlands, N.J. He was the owner of Star Ironworks in
Jersey City, N.J., and was an avid fisherman. He was a Navy veteran of World War
II. Survivors include his wife, Ruth; a daughter, Joan Thomas, Kalamazoo, Mich.;
a son, Kenneth, Phoenix; two granddaughters; and a great-granddaughter.
Anderson-McQueen Funeral Homes & Cremation Tribute Center-Bobbitt Chapel, St.
Petersburg.

SIEFERT, FREDERICK W., 86, of St. Petersburg, died Monday (Feb. 26, 2001) at
Bayfront Medical Center. He was born in Clarence, N.Y., and came here in 1972
from East Amherst, N.Y. He was a self-employed cabinetmaker in New York. He was
a building superintendent at Harbor Hills Condominiums. He was a member of the
Masonic Lodge 73, Lockport, N.Y. Survivors include his wife of 63 years, Loretta
M.; and several nieces and nephews. National Cremation Society, St. Petersburg.

SILLIMAN, THOMAS, 59, of St. Petersburg, died Thursday (Feb. 22, 2001) at Good
Samaritan Nursing Home. He was self-employed. He was born in Bath, N.Y., and
came here a decade ago from Dansville, N.Y. Survivors include three sisters,
Katherine Thompson, Browns Mills, N.J., and Joanne Fordham and June Parsons,
both of St. Petersburg; and several nieces and nephews. Abbey Parklawn Funeral
Home, Palm Harbor.

SMART-SHORTTE, CHRISTOBELLE, 75, of St. Petersburg, died Sunday (Feb. 25, 2001)
at Bayfront Medical Center. Born in St. Vincent, West Indies, she came here in
1944 from Boston. Survivors include a daughter, Filicia Richardson-Morris, St.
Petersburg; six sons, Arthur Shortte, New York, Vincent Shortte and Michael
Shortte, both of Boston, Maxwell Shortte, Texas, Ormond Shortte, England, and
Jeffrey Shortte, St. Vincent; four sisters, Robertha Smart, St. Petersburg,
Karen Barry, Boston, and Etty McDonald and Urel Joseph, both of St. Vincent; and
two brothers, Jeremiah Smart and Cressham Smart, both of Canada. Creal Funeral
Home, St. Petersburg.

SMITH, WILLIAM, 72, of St. Petersburg, died Thursday (Feb. 22, 2001) at Vencor
Hospital - St. Petersburg. Born in Boromville, Ala.,  he came here in 1980 in
Ashford, Ala. He was a retired cement finisher and a member of Friendship
Missionary Baptist Church. Survivors include a son, William Jr., Orlando; two
brothers, Johnny, St. Petersburg, and James, Ashford; five sisters, Lola Noble
and Annie Pearl Blackmon, both of Monticello, Bertha Anderson, Newark, N.J.,
Rosie Sanders and Mary Lawton, both of Akron, Ohio; and a granddaughter. Creal
Funeral Home, St. Petersburg.

TURCOTTE, LIONEL, 84, of St. Petersburg, died Monday (Feb. 26, 2001) at Colonial
Care Center, Kenneth City. Born in Livermore Falls, Maine, he came here many
years ago from St. Joseph, Mo. He retired as a staff sergeant from the Air
Force, having served in Korea. He was an Army Air Forces veteran of World War
II. Survivors include a niece and nephew. David C. Gross Funeral Homes and
Crematory, Central Avenue Chapel, St. Petersburg.

TURNER, MARTIN C. "MARTY," 49, of St. Petersburg, died Monday (Feb. 26, 2001) at
IHS of Pinellas Park. Born in Milwaukee, he came here in 1987 from Scottsdale,
Ariz. He was in the food service industry. Survivors include his mother, Alva J.
Turner, St. Petersburg; his father, Coid L. Turner, Milwaukee; three sisters,
Debra Palma, Waukesha, Wis., and Jackie McElyea and Judith Turner, both of St.
Petersburg; three brothers, Mike, Phoenix, Bill, White Plains, N.Y., and Don,
St. Petersburg; two nieces; and three nephews. National Cremation Society, St.
Petersburg.

WELDEN, BAILEY M., 76, of St. Petersburg, formerly of Crystal River, died Monday
(Feb. 26, 2001) at his daughter's home under the care of hospice. A Jacksonville
native, he came here in 1953 from DeLand, moved to Crystal River in 1980 and
returned to St. Petersburg in 1997. A graduate of the University of Florida Law
School, he was a lawyer in private practice in St. Petersburg and Crystal River.
He was a former member of Lakewood Country Club and the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club. He was a past commodore of the Crystal River Yacht Club and was a former
member of the Lutheran Church of the Cross in St. Petersburg. He was a former
board member of the Lutheran Church of America. He was a member of Trinity
Lutheran Church. A Navy veteran of World War II, he was a lieutenant and flew
fighter planes in the Pacific Theater. Survivors include a son, Robert Ford
Welden, Clearwater; two daughters, Becky Drew, St. Petersburg, and Mary Pollock,
Kissimmee; three sisters, Elizabeth Stacey, DeLand, Carolyn Blakesley, Great
Falls, Mont., and Barbara Machen, Asheville, N.C.; and two grandchildren. Taylor
Family Funeral Home, Pinellas Park.Treasure Island

RENTZSCH, LOIS C., 85, of St. Louis, formerly of Treasure Island, died Sunday
(Feb. 25, 2001) in Town and Country, Mo. A Chicago native, she came here in 1969
from Celina, Ohio, and moved to St. Louis one year ago. She was a co-owner, with
her husband, of the Regency Apartment on Gulf Boulevard on Treasure Island.
Survivors include a daughter, Kathryn Seymour, St. Louis; two stepdaughters,
Judy Hein and Cathy Bollenbacher; many grandchildren; and several
great-grandchildren. Schrader Funeral Home, Ballwin, Mo.


LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO TIMES; SEMINOLE TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS
TIMES; CITY & STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (7); Kenneth H. Brown Sr. (ran LA, SE, CITY &
STATE); Ozella Johnson (ran LA, SE, CITY & STATE); Verlin C. Blackwell (ran LA,
SE, CITY & STATE); Bailey M. Welden (ran LA, SE, CITY & STATE); Frederick W.
Siefert (ran LA, SE, CITY & STATE); Christobelle Smart-Shortie (ran LA, SE, CITY
& STATE); Shalonda Reney Hendricks-Mathews (ran LA, SE, CITY & STATE)

TYPE: OBITUARY

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              June 11, 2012 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

SCRAPBOOK

BYLINE: Kris Crary

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 640 words


Scholarships: At its 50th annual banquet Wednesday at Monona Terrace, the
Madison Sports Hall of Fame Club awarded two $1,000 scholarships to local
students. The Otto Breitenbach Scholarship went to Alex Bastian, a Madison West
graduate and cross country and track athlete who will attend Washington
University in St. Louis, Mo. The Tom Butler Journalism Scholarship was awarded
to John Veldhuis, a UW-Madison junior majoring in journalism.

The Madison Area Printing Scholarship Committee has awarded a total of $6,800 to
five local graphic arts students. They are Ciara Nash of Madison, Phil Jamison
of Stoughton, Emily Behnke of Beaver Dam, Brittany Long of Brodhead and Renee
Sporle of Mineral Point.

UW-Platteville graduate Kevin Klar was awarded a pre-dental scholarship from and
an internship with Affiliated Dentists S.C. of Madison, which he served last
semester. Klar will attend Marquette University this fall to pursue his
doctorate of dental surgery. The program was established in 2007 by Dr. John
Busby and Affiliated Dentists S.C. of Madison to support UW-Platteville
pre-dental students.

Three Madison-area students have received Robert and Carroll Heideman
Scholarships of $1,500 from the Madison Area Retired Educators' Association

. They are Danielle Seeger of Waunakee High, Nathaniel Nolden of Lodi High and
Karen Moe of Deerfield High. The scholarships are awarded to students planning
to become teachers.

The Wisconsin Delta Educators organization has awarded $1,000 scholarships to
Zachery Wanta of Monona Grove High School and Katy Zerbe of Oregon High School,
both of whom intend to become teachers.

Hava Blair, daughter of Ronald and Suzanne Blair of Jefferson and a junior at
Lawrence University, Appleton, has been named one of 80 recipients of a $5,000
Udall Scholarship. Over 580 candidates were nominated for the scholarships
nationwide. Udall Scholarships are awarded to students pursuing careers related
to the environment, tribal public policy or Native American health care.

Grants: Junior Achievement of Wisconsin has received a $19,500 Alliant Energy
grant to support the implementation of programs through seven JA offices in
several Wisconsin counties, including Dane and Rock. The funds will provide more
than 800 students in nearly 40 classes information on financial literacy,
entrepreneurism and work-readiness. Alliant Energy employees also volunteer to
teach JA classes.

The Society of St. Vincent de Paul-Madison has received a $1,000 Darden
Foundation grant to purchase food to be distributed through its pantry at 2033
Fish Hatchery Road. The charity was nominated for the grant by staff at
Madison's Red Lobster restaurant, a member of Darden Restaurants Inc.

Flag retirement ceremony: The Gov. Nelson Dewey Chapter of the Daughters of the
American Revolution will hold a flag retirement ceremony at 5:30 p.m. Thursday
at the American Legion Edwards-Foye Post, 4911 Burma Road, McFarland. The public
is invited to attend, and to bring worn-out American flags for proper disposal.

Literacy fundraiser: The annual Ride the Rock - Bicycling for Literacy event to
benefit the Jefferson County Literacy Council will be Sunday at Jones Park in
Fort Atkinson. The event includes rides of various distances and a 60-mile timed
race. For more information, see www.ridetherock.us.

Scrapbook welcomes news of academic honors other than dean's or honors lists,
scholarships, class reunions, service club officers, honors to volunteers,
military promotions and decorations and other special recognitions. Please type
or write clearly, and include a phone number. Submissions must be received at
least one full week prior to publication. All items received may not necessarily
be used. Please send contributions to Scrapbook, Wisconsin State Journal, P.O.
Box 8058, Madison, WI 53708; or by email to kcrary@madison.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Harlan Daily Enterprise, Ky.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 17, 2013 Sunday

Ball selected to travel to Australia

BYLINE: Nola Sizemore, Harlan Daily Enterprise, Ky.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 529 words


March 17--Mary Katelin "Katie" Ball has been selected to attend the 2013
International Scholar Laureate Program Student Delegation on Medicine in
Australia. A student at Eastern Kentucky University (EKU), the 20-year-old hopes
to "expand her mind" and examine the "fascinating" history and cultural riches
of this "land down under."

A 2012 member of the Golden Key International Honor Society, Ball said she
received her nomination for this trip through her participation in this
organization.

"I was breathless when I found out I had been selected to go," said Ball. "I'll
be leaving for Australia on May 24 and will stay until June 6."

During her trip, Ball will be introduced to Australia's universal health care
system and examine the successes and challenges of administering and providing
care to a nation. She will go behind the scenes at a hospital, research center
or health care center to interact with medical professionals.

Ball will also take part in several activities enjoyed by tourists such as
visiting renowned attractions, including the Sydney Opera House, Australia's
first European settlement and Calga Springs Sanctuary. She will also visit an
indigenous animal preserve and explore the Sydney Aquarium and Manly Beach,
along with Port Douglas and sail to the Great Barrier Reef.

A 2010 graduate of Harlan High School, where she was Salutatorian, Ball went on
to receive a Presidential Scholarship at EKU. She has been on the President's
and Dean's List at EKU and received the Dean's Award in 2011. She is a member of
the National Society of Collegiate Scholars, Alpha Lambda Delta National
Academic Honor Society and the Summer Medical and Dental Educational Program.

The daughter of Earl and Juanita Ball, of Brookside, Katie has career shadowed
Drs. Robert Atkins and Carl Smith, of Harlan, and was a member of the Color
Guard at EKU in 2011. She has done volunteer work in New York City, N.Y. at the
Gay Men's Health Crisis Center and mission work for the Mennonite's Sharing With
Appalachian People. Locally, she has volunteered at Christ's Hands, the Hope
Center and the Angel Tree.

"This is a once in a lifetime opportunity and I'm so excited to have been chosen
to participate in this trip," said Ball. "My dream is to get into medical school
and become a doctor. Right now, I'm leaning towards primary care -- family
medicine. I know we need doctors in that field and it provides a greater
opportunity for having a family and a practice at the same time."

The granddaughter of Earl Ball Sr., of Brookside, Katie said one reason she is
choosing to go into primary care is so that she can "doctor grandparents and
small children," which are "close to her heart."

"The trip will cost approximately $7,500," said Ball. "I hope to have some
fundraisers to help with my expenses."

Anyone interested in donating funds to help Katie may contact her by email at
mary_ball24@eku.edu or at P.O. Box 496, Brookside, Ky. 40801.

Reach Nola Sizemore at 606-573-4510, ext.115, nsizemore@civitasmedia.com

___ (c)2013 the Harlan Daily Enterprise (Harlan, Ky.) Visit the Harlan Daily
Enterprise (Harlan, Ky.) at http://www.harlandaily.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130317-KZ-Ball-selected-to-travel-to-Australia-0317-20130317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KZ


                  Copyright 2013 Harlan Daily Enterprise, Ky.


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                             August 11, 2003 Monday

Five generations Sesquicentennial citation VNA Hospice honorees PEOPLE YOU KNOW

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 475 words


Send "People You Know" items and/or photographs to Brenda Hake, The York
Dispatch/York Sunday News, P.O. Box 2807, York 17405; fax, 843-2814 or email,
community@yorkdispatch.com .

The York Dispatch requests that only one, five-generation photo be submitted per
family. Thank you. Colleges

Lois Anderson, 485 Green Valley Road, was inducted into the Beta Rho Chapter of
the Alpha Delta Mu National Social Work Honor Society at Temple University,
Philadelphia on May 19.

Steven A. Lauer received a G. Radcliffe and Marian B. Schultz Scholarship for a
student of promise registered with Shippensburg University's Office of Social
Equity. He is the son of Paul and Pamela Lauer, 215 Stitt Drive, and a 2003
graduate of Spring Grove Area Senior High School, where he was an Ambassador of
Music. He was a member of the York County Honors Choir and was first chair tenor
for the All-State Chorus.

Sara L. Zeigler is a participant this summer in the Hackman Scholars Program at
Franklin & Marshall College.

The internships run for 10 weeks with each Hackman Scholar receiving a stipend
of $3,200. She is a rising senior special studies environmental science major
and applied mathematics minor working with geosciences professor Philip Nyhus on
a project titled 'Biocomplexity and biodiversity risk assessment.'

She is the daughter of Richard and Patricia Zeigler of Dallastown and a 2000
graduate of Dallastown Area High School. Community

The Pinchot and York Chapters of the Izaak Walton League of America have
received the national conservation organization's Defenders Chapter Achievement
Award recognizing their work to promote outdoor America at the league's national
convention July 14-18 in Pierre, S.D.

Jane A. Eckenrode was nominated for the Prime of Life wall of fame at the 2003
Prime of Life Festival sponsored by the York County Area Agency on Aging and The
Barley Assisted Living Residences May 21-22 at the York Expo Center.

Eckenrode, a graduate of West York Area High School, attended York College and
plans to attend Leadership York in the future. She was nominated by Linda Amos
Ganther. Military

Air National Guard Airman First Class David S. McIntyre and Air National Guard
Airman First Class Stacy M. Lavallee have graduated from basic military training
at Lackland Air Force Base, San Antonio, Texas.

McIntyre is the son of David McIntyre of York.

Lavallee is the daughter of Raymond and Debra Lavallee of Dillsburg and a 2001
graduate of Northern High School.

Army Pfc. Zachary S. Berrier graduated from basic combat training at Fort
Jackson, Columbia, S.C.

Berrier is the son of Frances Wagner of Dallastown and Jeffrey Berrier of Seven
Valleys. He is a 1997 graduate of Spring Grove Area Senior High School and
earned an associate degree in 1999 from Bradley Academy for the Visual Arts.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 York Newspapers, Inc.


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 15, 2007 Monday

New HealthNet offering expands dental services

BYLINE: Shelly Birkelo, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 508 words


Jan. 15--There will be more to smile about in Janesville starting July 1.

That's when HealthNet plans to open its new dental clinic at 1344 Creston Park
Drive.

The free service for HealthNet patients is possible because of a $425,000 grant
-$85,000 a year for five years-from Delta Dental of Wisconsin.

The grant will allow HealthNet to take on many more patients, said Traci Rogers,
executive director.

Twenty-one dentists will volunteer at least four hours a month at the clinic for
an estimated 3,000 patient visits the first year, Rogers said.

That's a huge increase from the 210 patient visits a year that HealthNet's
dental budget was able to provide before.

And more procedures will be provided at the new dental clinic. Instead of one
extraction or one filling per year, patients will be allowed up to three
extractions, plus basic cleanings and fillings, Rogers said.

"It was difficult to limit the services. Many of our patients need multiple
extractions at a time or need an extraction and a couple fillings to prevent
another extraction. But with our budget constraints, we were not able to provide
that. With the dental clinic, we can provide that care to each individual,"
Rogers said.

HealthNet will rent 1,600 square feet that had been a dental clinic but has been
vacant for about a year. Minor renovations may be necessary. It will be equipped
with up to four dental chairs, a sterilization area and reception desk, as well
as a handicap-accessible bathroom and entrance.

The clinic is close to a bus line, which is critical to HealthNet patients,
Rogers said. Janesville Transit System buses drop off riders less than a block
from the new clinic. Parking also is available at the clinic.

A HealthNet dental committee, made up of a half dozen volunteer dentists, will
advise the HealthNet board and staff.

Clinics hours will vary, depending on availability of dentists. Patients will be
asked for a $20 donation.

"It will help ensure the clinic will be successful in the long run," Rogers
said.

More dentists are needed.

"With more dentists, we generate more support to the clinic and to the people in
this community who need it most. We're hoping with the new service we will be
providing long-term relief to some of these people in crisis in Wisconsin
regarding oral health care. If you can help in the long run, they'll have better
oral health," Rogers said.

Clinic staff will include a part-time dental assistant and a part-time dental
hygienist.

Dr. Tricia Lyons and Dr. Mark Karrels of TriMark Dental Clinic donated two
dental chairs, an autoclave for sterilization and other equipment.

Rogers said donations of dental supplies-including toothpaste, toothbrushes,
dental floss and rubber gloves-or money to buy supplies still are needed.

Copyright (c) 2007, The Janesville Gazette, Wis. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070115-JG-0115-New-HealthNet-offering-expands-dental-services

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2007 The Janesville Gazette


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 11, 2011 Tuesday

Jury tables medical costs vote

BYLINE: Cain Madden, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 671 words


Jan. 11--VIDALIA -- District Attorney Brad Burget presented Monday night the
draft of an ordinance designed to deter inmate medical expenses to the Concordia
Parish Police Jury.

The jury decided to table the ordinance, so they could fine-tune it. Overall,
jurors were pleased with the effort, however.

"I feel like this is a good start," Juror Randy Temple said. "You have to start
somewhere."

The ordinance works by pulling money from the detainee's commissary account,
which Burget described as basically a prison debit card account. The money from
that account can be used to buy items that a prisoner would not otherwise have
access to, such as a candy bar. The ordinance would apply to prisoners in
Concordia Parish not housed in a Department of Corrections Facility.

Burget said prisoners try to spend parish money needlessly to try and move their
court hearing up or to receive a shorter sentence, since the government has to
treat them.

The ordinance is designed to charge detainees a co-payment for services sought
outside of the prison. As is, medical and dental visits require a $7 co-payment,
and a $3 co-payment is charged per prescription, including refills. Burget said
jurors may want to tweak those numbers.

"As it is currently written, it basically acts as a deterrent," Burget said. "If
the prisoner knows it will cost him to see the doctor, he may not do it. He is
more concerned with getting his bottle of Coke, than spending the parish money
unnecessarily."

Burget said if the prisoner was overdrawn on his or her commissary account, that
when the prisoner receives money in the account, the jury is among those first
in line to be reimbursed for the co-payment.

Burget said Louisiana law allows the police jury to charge up to the cost of the
visit or prescription, but he did not feel like charging that much worked, since
commissary funds typically do not accumulate a lot of money.

"I find it is sufficient as is," Juror Jimmy Jerningan said. "If I have $10 in
my account from my family, and it is going to cost me $7 to go to the doctor, I
will think."

Juror Jerry Beatty said it was also something that could be looked at five
months down the road to see if it is still working.

Jernigan said he was pleased to see the direction prison medical costs have gone
since Burget started looking into it.

"I'd like to commend Brad for the job he has done," Jernigan said. "Last year,
it was costing us $20,000 a month. Last month, it was less than $5,000."

In other news, the jury elected officers for the upcoming year, renewing Melvin
Ferrington as president and Tommy "Red" Tiffee as vice president.

--The jury voted to pay $5,061 in dues to Kisatchie Delta, the parish's grant
writers.

The vote passed 7-1, with Juror Joe Parker dissenting.

"The state is in bad shape, and it is hard to get funds now," Parker said. "But
back when there was money floating around, I feel like if we had gone in hitting
hard we would have gotten it. I believe we will get it, but I think we would
have gotten it sooner."

--The jury accepted four gravel bids from Blain Sand and Gravel of Natchez.

$25 per ton, C-1 gravel.

$25 per ton, C-2 gravel.

$22 per ton, C-3 gravel.

$21.50 per ton, wash maintenance gravel.

--The jury accepted one gravel bid from Andrew's Trucking of Olla, La.

$12.75 per ton, heavy clay pit run gravel.

--The jury accepted three chemical bids from Red River Specialties of
Shreveport.

$15.40 per gallon, Roundup.

$9.80 per gallon, Razor Pro.

$49 per pound, Oust.

--The jury approved $150 in registration fees for two employees to attend the
Pest Control Meeting Jan. 31 -- Feb 2, 2011.

--The jury approved $300 in dues to Northeast Delta RC&D.

--The jury approved $446 in NACO dues.

To see more of the Natchez Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.natchezdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110111-YY-Jury-tables-medical-costs-vote-0111-20110111

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                      Copyright 2011 The Natchez Democrat


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 16, 1993, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Clinics on wheels bring care where it's needed

BYLINE: Alan Bash

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 774 words


Decent medical care for the children of south central Los Angeles has finally
arrived - and it's looking for parking.

Los Angeles this week becomes the eighth U.S. site to receive a mobile medical
unit - a clinic on wheels - from the New-York-based Children's Health Fund.
About the size of a large Winnebago, each of these monster vans arrives with a
medical staff, a compact waiting area, two exam rooms and a battery of supplies.

The L.A. addition to the fleet differs only slightly from the rest: It's painted
white instead of blue to avoid appearing to take sides in the city's color-coded
gang wars.

Community leaders say gang violence, racial tensions and the high poverty rate
make south central an inhospitable place for children, especially when it comes
to health care.

Many parents have no way of getting to clinics; some feel it's too dangerous to
travel to different neighborhoods; others work during clinic hours. And for
some, particularly the homeless served in the New York and Dallas programs,
routine preventive care must take a back seat to more pressing issues, like
finding a place to live or a meal.

"Many of the children we will see have not ever seen a doctor," says Clyde Odin,
president of the Watts Health Foundation, which is helping organize the Los
Angeles project. The staff hopes to reach more than 150 kids each week at 10
sites throughout the city.

Over the past several years, medical vans have gained popularity among health
officials as a way to provide vaccinations, mammograms or even hearing tests to
the needy.

But the Children's Health Fund steers a slightly different course. Instead of
screening just for certain ailments or coming only once in a while, the
organization tries to offer consistent and complete care.

"We believe very strongly that all children deserve a medical home," says
president Dr. Irwin Redlener. "Ours just happens to be on wheels."

Redlener founded the Children's Health Fund in 1987 with singer Paul Simon after
the pair visited a run-down Manhattan welfare hotel. Simon put up the money for
the first New York van, and corporate gifts, federal grants and private
donations have funded the project's expansion.

Staff and supplies for each site cost about $ 500,000 a year, on top of each
vehicle's $ 150,000 price tag.

In Washington, D.C., where van service began 11 months ago, patients say they
see the medical care as neither sporadic nor transient. Robin Crumblin says she
would rather bring her children to the van than to the local clinic. "The
doctors here are nice. They explain things to you."

On this day, she has brought her son, Esque, 2, for the first time. After some
calls on the cellular phone to Esque's previous doctor, nurse practitioner Lisa
Pastore tracks down Esque's previous shot records and readies him for a series
of boosters.

At the front of the van, a Sesame Street book and a Barney video that runs on a
tiny TV screen keep the boy entertained.

In many cases, the vans offer a respite from the chaos of the neighborhoods they
serve. In Newark, N.J., "we sometimes have drug dealers openly dealing 25 feet
from the van door," says physician Michael Doyle. "The patients feel comfortable
on board. . . . Sometimes, they don't want to leave."

For the rural sites - in southwest West Virginia and the Mississippi Delta - the
van is often the only medical facility in the county.

And in south Florida, an on-board psychologist helps youngsters cope with
Hurricane Andrew's aftermath.

Organizers say the Florida van service had been in the works long before Andrew,
but the hurricane accelerated plans: 17 days after the storm hit, it was
providing relief to the injured and homeless.

Likewise, a van had long been discussed for south central L.A., but "the (1992)
uprising certainly lent an increased urgency to action," says Dr. Reed Tuckson,
president of L.A.'s Drew University School of Medicine and Science.

Because Drew medical students and graduates help with staffing, he says, "the
project also provides an innovative way to educate the next generation of health
professionals."

Leaders of the L.A. project also hope the van will bridge gaps between ethnic
groups. "The mobile unit provides equal kinds of access to many areas," reducing
competition for resources and the friction that may cause, Odin says.

But those are by-products of the main goal: providing convenient and low-cost -
at some sites, free - medical care.

"I hope to God we eliminate the need for mobile units. I consider them
stopgaps," says Redlener. "It's just that in the meantime these kids can't wait.
And we won't let them."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, color, Matt Mendelsohn, USA TODAY (2)

MOBILE MEDICAL UNITS ROLL INTO L.A.; See sidebar; 08D

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 1996 American Bar Association
                                   Antitrust

                                  Summer, 1996

                              10 Antitrust ABA 20

LENGTH: 5317 words

ARTICLES AND FEATURES

ANTITRUST ENFORCEMENT AND MOST FAVORED NATION CLAUSES

Joseph Kattan and Scott A. Stempel

Joseph Kattan and Scott A. Stempel are partners at Morgan, Lewis & Bockius in
Washington, D.C. Mr. Kattan is the Developments Editor of ANTITRUST. Peter M.
Boyle provided valuable research assistance for this article.

TEXT:

    [*20]  After a hiatus of nearly two decades, the federal antitrust
enforcement agencies are once again concerned with the competitive effects of
most favored nation (MFN) clauses. These clauses guarantee to purchasers the
lowest price that a seller charges to any of its other customers. Earlier
Justice Department and Federal Trade Commission challenges to MFN clauses, which
occurred during the Carter Administration, focused on the use of these clauses
to facilitate price coordination among competing sellers in concentrated
markets. More recently, however, private litigants and some commentators have
attacked MFN clauses as devices for large buyers to raise rivals' costs and harm
competition in downstream markets.

   The agencies' recent actions have focused on the alleged use of MFN clauses
for both collusive and exclusionary reasons. Unlike the MFN cases of the earlier
era, recent cases have typically concerned unconcentrated markets for the
provision of the products sold under MFN provisions.

   The enforcement agencies' renewed interest in the competitive consequences of
MFN clauses is reflected in enforcement actions that have resulted in six
settlements halting the use of MFN clauses, as well as one contested action,
against Delta Dental of Rhode Island, which is now in its preliminary stages.
The agencies' actions in this area indicate that two classes of agreements are
likely to face close enforcement scrutiny: joint venture agreements through
which horizontal competitors supply their products under MFN clauses, and
agreements between a large buyer and multiple sellers that guarantee the
sellers' lowest price to the buyer.

   It is notable that although the agencies have now challenged the use of MFN
clauses by large buyers in several cases, similar challenges brought by private
plaintiffs have thus far uniformly failed. The outcome of the Rhode Island case
therefore will be very influential in charting the direction of future
enforcement activity in this area.

Potential Competitive Effects of MFN Clauses
Most favored nation clauses and other types of price protection devices are
common in a variety of industries. Buyers often seek MFN clauses to protect
themselves from paying more than their competitors for an important input. This
desire to lower costs is seen by proponents as evidence of the legitimacy of MFN
clauses, but critics point to the same motivation as evidence of the
anticompetitive potential of the price protection device.

   MFN clauses tend to reduce buyers' search costs by easing the process of
securing a favored price without an extensive search for the best available
price. n1 The MFN device can also reduce renegotiation costs by guaranteeing to
buyers that they will not be disadvantaged in the future vis-a-vis rivals who
buy from the same seller.

   MFN clauses also facilitate the sharing of sellers' cost savings or
efficiencies associated with dealing with particular buyers by assuring such
buyers that they will not pay more than competing buyers who do not provide such
benefits. For example, it may be less costly for a seller to deal with a
particular buyer because of the volume of the buyer's purchases or the types of
facilities that the buyer uses in transacting with the seller. MFN clauses may
assure that such a purchaser will appropriate some of the cost benefits of the
supply relationship.

   MFN clauses can also be used as a price adjustment mechanism in long-term
contracts. For instance, where external indices, such as a wholesale price
index, do not accurately reflect an industry's cost or price structure, the
lowest price charged by a seller in new transactions can serve as a surrogate
for the market price. n2

   On the other side of the ledger, it is possible for MFN clauses to diminish
sellers' incentives to discount. If discounts to any one buyer must also be
granted in the form of lower prices or discounts to all buyers protected by MFN
clauses, the cost to the seller of offering selective discounts or price
concessions is greater than it would be absent the MFN provisions. The seller's
incentive to grant selective discounts therefore may be diminished.

   Critics identify two principal types of anticompetitive effects that may flow
from the incentives created by MFN clauses. First, the widespread use of MFN
clauses could facilitate collusion among sellers by reducing the incentives of
firms to deviate from coordinated pricing. n3 By turning "selective" discounts
into more "general" discounts, MFN clauses raise the marginal cost of targeted
discounting. This in turn may reduce the profitability, and therefore the
frequency and magnitude, of deviations from a coordinated arrangement on prices
in concentrated markets. When sellers understand that their competitors face the
same disincentives, the theory goes, each has more confidence that the others
will respond similarly to such disincentives.

   The second potential anticompetitive  [*21]  effect flowing from this
phenomenon, according to some commentators, is that MFN clauses could entrench
dominant firms by raising rivals' costs. n4 According to this view, a firm with
some measure of purchasing power may demand MFN protection from most or all of
the sellers of its inputs in order to stamp out selective discounts that may be
offered to its smaller rivals. By depriving rivals of advantageous prices in the
input market, the dominant firm can maintain or extend its dominance in the
downstream output market. The emphasis of this theory is on exclusion rather
than collusion, and the theory therefore requires that a dominant buyer have
some special ability to coerce suppliers to charge its competitors higher prices
than they would otherwise charge. The two theories of potential anticompetitive
effects are similar, however, in their emphasis on the pricing incentives
created by the adoption of the MFN clauses.

Early Enforcement Efforts
The early challenges to the use of MFN clauses relied on the collusion
facilitation story. In 1977 the Justice Department secured a modified decree
prohibiting the use of MFN pricing by suppliers of electrical equipment based on
this theory. n5 The FTC pursued a similar theory in the Ethyl case, where it
challenged the unilateral adoption of MFN clauses by sellers in a concentrated
market as a collusion-facilitating practice. n6 The Second Circuit rejected the
challenge, holding that unilateral, non-monopolizing conduct cannot violate the
FTC Act unless it lacks a legitimate business justification.

   Although the enforcement agencies' interest in MFN clauses had waned after
the Second Circuit's decision, private litigants challenged the MFN device in
later years under both state and federal antitrust laws. These cases challenged
various health insurance plans' use of MFN clauses in provider agreements,
relying primarily on an anticompetitive exclusion theory. n7 None of these cases
was successful.

The Theory in the Courts
The leading judicial decision regarding MFN clauses concerned allegations that a
buyer used such a clause as an instrument for monopolizing a downstream market.
A health maintenance organization sued Blue Cross of Rhode Island for capping
payments to physicians at the lowest price that each physician was charging to
other third-party payors. The HMO alleged that this policy enabled Blue Cross to
maintain a monopoly in health care financing by reducing physicians' incentives
to give discounts to the HMO under a profit-sharing arrangement. Blue Cross
conceded that it possessed monopoly power in the output market. The issue in
contention was whether contracting for MFN pricing constituted unlawful
monopolizing conduct.

   In Ocean State Physicians Health Plan v. Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode
Island, 883 F.2d 1101, 1110 (1st Cir. 1989), cert. denied, 494 U.S. 1027 (1990),
the First Circuit upheld the payment cap. The court's analysis was guided by the
view that courts should be "reluctant to condemn too speedily . . . an
arrangement that, on its face, appears to bring low price benefits to the
consumer." Id. at 1111 (quoting Kartell v. Blue Shield, 749 F.2d 922, 930-31
(1st Cir. 1984), cert. denied, 471 U.S. 1029 (1985)). The court said that "a
policy of insisting on a supplier's lowest price . . . tends to further
competition on the merits and as a matter of law is not exclusionary" even when
instituted by a monopolist. Id. at 1110. The First Circuit's skepticism that MFN
clauses lead to higher prices is typical of decisions in this area, which have
largely adopted the view that the practice is, as one court put it, "only good
business sense." n8

   Most recently, Chief Judge Richard Posner added his views on the competitive
merits of MFN clauses in Blue Cross & Blue Shield United of Wisconsin v.
Marshfield Clinic, 65 F.3d 1406 (7th Cir. 1995) (amended opinion), cert. denied,
116 S. Ct. 1288 (1996). Characterizing as "ingenious but perverse" the
plaintiff's claims that the defendant's MFN clauses produced anticompetitive
effects, Posner observed that MFN clauses "are standard devices by which buyers
try to bargain for low prices . . . ." Id. at 1415. Trying to minimize the cost
of inputs, the court said, "is the sort of conduct that the antitrust laws seek
to encourage." Id. In response to a subsequent Justice Department amicus brief,
the court amended its opinion by remarking that "[perhaps], as the Department of
Justice believes, these clauses are misused to anticompetitive ends in some
cases; but there is no evidence of that in this case." Id.

   Even cases that have acknowledged the plausibility of plaintiffs' theories of
anticompetitive harm have nonetheless rejected challenges to MFN clauses because
of the plaintiffs' failure to adduce evidence of anticompetitive effects. For
example, state courts in California and Oregon, guided by federal antitrust
principles, have rejected challenges to prepaid dental plans' use of MFN clauses
in their contracts with participating dentists because the plaintiffs failed to
prove that the MFN clauses had exclusionary effects or that they resulted in
increased prices to consumers. n9

Recent Developments
Recently, both the DOJ and FTC have shown a renewed interest in challenging the
use of MFN provisions under certain circumstances.

   The "Supplier Collusion" Cases. A number of cases recently brought by the
agencies focus on joint venture agreements in which suppliers of a product grant
most favored nation protection to a favored customer -- the joint venture
itself. The best example of that is the FTC's recent case against RxCare of
Tennessee, Docket No. 951-0059 (Jan. 19, 1996). In that case, the FTC challenged
the use of an MFN clause by a pharmacy service administrative organization that
offered itself as a pharmacy network to third-party payors.

    [*22]  RxCare required participating pharmacies to give it the best price
that they offered any other third-party payor. The FTC alleged that RxCare's
network included at least 95 percent of all pharmacies in Tennessee. The
complaint further alleged that third-party payors pay for approximately 50
percent of all prescriptions in Tennessee and that RxCare accounted for roughly
half of the subscribers of health plans with pharmacy benefits.

   Third-party payors commonly compensate pharmacies for filling prescriptions
under a formula based on the average wholesale price for a drug minus a
percentage deduction plus a lump sum. This type of formula produces a uniform
price that the third-party payor pays all pharmacies that choose to participate
in its plan. An agreement among RxCare's participating members to penalize
members who charged other third-party payors less than the reimbursement level
determined under such a formula for RxCare therefore has the capacity to
establish a uniform price floor for filling prescriptions for third-party
payors.

   Based on the FTC's allegations, it is quite plausible that RxCare's
arrangement could well have produced a uniform price floor. n10 RxCare accounted
for roughly half of the subscribers covered by pharmacy benefits in Tennessee.
Under RxCare's arrangement, any participating pharmacy's discount to a competing
plan had to be extended to a buyer (RxCare) that accounted for an additional 50
percent of the sales volume in a plausible relevant market. To avoid such a
penalty, participants had to adhere to the price floors established by RxCare.
The case was settled by a consent order that requires RxCare to cease
enforcement of the MFN clause.

   The FTC's case focused on the joint venture's dual role -- as a combination
of horizontal competitors and as a buyer from those competitors -- to facilitate
collusion through the MFN device. This dual role was also at issue in two
Justice Department cases that resulted in consent decrees barring the use of MFN
clauses. In United States v. Delta Dental Plan of Arizona, Inc., 59 Fed. Reg.
47,349 (D. Ariz. filed Aug. 30, 1994), the DOJ challenged Delta Dental Plan of
Arizona's (DDPA) use of an MFN clause in agreements with participating dentists.
DDPA was a provider of dental insurance that was controlled by its participating
dentists, who had the authority to vote on the plan's payment for services
rendered. DDPA allegedly had contracts with approximately 85 percent of dentists
in Arizona.

   The DOJ's complaint alleged that most of the participating dentists refused
to discount their fees to patients who did not have DDPA coverage because the
MFN clauses would have required them to offer the same discounts for serving
DDPA patients. Similar allegations were also at the heart of the DOJ's case in
United States v. Oregon Dental Service, 60 Fed. Reg. 21,218 (D. Or. filed Apr.
10, 1995). Both cases were settled by consent decrees that barred further
enforcement of the MFN clause.

   Although similarities between RxCare and the two DOJ cases are evident,
differences between them do exist. RxCare involved an agreement that created
disincentives to deviate from a price floor; the two DOJ cases, however,
involved disincentives to deviate from individually determined price levels. n11
In other words, dentists continued to compete in setting prices independently.
Moreover, the DOJ's complaints contained no details comparable to the FTC's
allegation that RxCare accounted for roughly half of the participating
pharmacies' sales volume to third-party payors. Instead, DOJ alleged that,
variously, "many" or "most" participants in the dental plans at issue derived
"significant" revenues from participation in the dental plans. Such allegations,
even if true, fall short of making a persuasive case that the clause
significantly altered the incentives of a sufficient number of dentists to
discount to third parties as to foreclose competition in the relevant market.

   The "Competitor Exclusion" Cases. The enforcement agencies' recent actions
also reflect a concern that dominant firms may be using MFN clauses to exclude
actual or potential horizontal competitors. In particular, these recent actions
reflect a concern that MFN clauses may restrict access to lower cost inputs by
competitors of the beneficiary of MFN protection. Unlike the private plaintiffs
who have challenged MFN clauses on monopolization or attempted monopolization
grounds, the government has attacked MFN clauses under Section 1 of the Sherman
Act as agreements that unreasonably restrain trade.

   The first case brought under this theory, United States v. Primestar
Partners, L.P., 58 Fed. Reg. 33,944 (S.D.N.Y. filed June 9, 1993), n12 concerned
a joint venture's use of MFN protection. Unlike the other joint venture cases,
however, Primestar focused on the allegedly exclusionary effects of the device.
The DOJ challenged the use of an MFN clause by a joint venture formed by cable
system operators to provide direct broadcast satellite (DBS) television service.
Some of the cable operators in the venture were also suppliers of television
programming or owned interests in such suppliers.

   The DOJ alleged that a provision requiring the programmer partners to grant
MFN pricing to Primestar "[made] it more difficult for any other DBS service to
obtain popular programming . . . ." Id. at 33,949. This claim represented only
one facet of a multifaceted attack on the joint venture, and it is doubtful that
the case would have been brought solely on the basis of the MFN clause.
Nevertheless, it demonstrates a willingness to attack collaborative activities
involving MFN provisions even where the proportion of sales in a market subject
to MFN pricing may not be significant.

   Then, in September 1993, the DOJ urged the disapproval of an MFN provision
proposed by Blue Cross of Western Pennsylvania (BCWP) for use in its contracts
with hospital providers, in an "advisory letter" from Assistant Attorney General
Anne Bingaman to the Pennsylvania Insurance Commissioner, Cynthia Maleski.
Noting that BCWP had a very large market share relative to its next largest
competitor (63 percent of private insureds for BCWP, compared to 7.5 percent for
its largest rival), the DOJ suggested that hospitals would be unwilling to
continue offering selective discounts to small managed care plans that competed
with BCWP because of the cost of extending the same discounts to BCWP. As a
result, the DOJ argued, BWCP's competitors would face an increase in
hospitalization costs and would be forced to raise prices to their subscribers,
which would permit BCWP to raise prices as well.

    [*23]  The DOJ followed these comments with three enforcement actions in the
health care finance field that were settled by consent decrees. Both of the two
dental plan cases discussed earlier, Delta Dental Plan of Arizona and Oregon
Dental Service, challenged an MFN clause on an exclusion theory, in addition to
the collusion theory noted above. The complaint in the third case in this
series, United States v. Vision Service Plan, 60 Fed. Reg. 5210 (D.D.C. filed
Dec. 15, 1994), also alleged a reduction in competition between the defendant
and competing plans, but did not allege a reduction in price competition among
competing providers.

   The complaints in these three cases contain similar allegations: that
payments from the defendant health plans accounted for a "significant" portion
of "many" or "most" practitioners' receipts from those patients covered by some
form of the relevant insurance. The pleadings did not disclose, however, the
proportion of providers' insurance receipts or income that the government deemed
significant enough to facilitate market foreclosure or the percentage of
providers for whom revenues from the defendant plans were "significant." In
addition, although the government alleged that some participating providers
declined to grant discounts to other health plans as a result of the MFN
clauses, it did not claim that the granting of discounts by these providers in
the competing plans was essential to competition.

   The DOJ's next enforcement action challenging a price protection clause
provides even less guidance. In United States v. Lykes Bros. Steamship Co., 60
Fed. Reg. 52,208 (D.D.C. filed Sept. 26, 1995), the DOJ challenged the use of an
"automatic rate differential clause" in a contract between a shippers'
association and the defendant ocean common carrier. The clause guaranteed to the
association that its charges for shipping wine and distilled spirits from
Northern Europe to the United States would be at least 5 percent below those of
any shipper that shipped a lesser volume of the same products.

   Although DOJ alleged that the shippers' association accounted for about 50
percent of the shipments of wine and spirits from Northern Europe, an allegation
apparently meant to imply some type of market power, the common carrier, and not
the association, was the defendant. The unreasonable restraint of trade flowed,
according to the government, from the clause's effect in protecting the buyer
from competition from firms whose shipping costs may be higher. The government
gave no indication why it sued the seller and not the buyer or how a 5 percent
transportation cost difference would lead to adverse competitive effects in the
market or markets for the transported goods.

   Two more recent enforcement actions provide some additional definition to the
exclusion theory. In RxCare of Tennessee, discussed above, the FTC alleged that
the MFN clause inhibited the entry of lower-priced pharmacy networks in addition
to restricting price competition among pharmacies in Tennessee. As noted above,
the FTC alleged specific facts that described a network that included virtually
all suppliers in a plausible market and accounted for half of the participating
supplier's revenues from thirdparty payors, rather than simply one that
accounted for a "significant" share of "many" or "most" participants' income.

   The most recent enforcement action should prove to be the most illuminating
in delineating the government's burden of proving anticompetitive exclusion, if
only because the Justice Department may be forced to litigate its complaint. In
United States v. Delta Dental of Rhode Island, Civ. No. CA 96 113 ML (D.R.I.
filed Feb. 29, 1996), the Justice Department's complaint challenges Delta Dental
of Rhode Island's (DDRI) use of MFN clauses in its contracts with participating
dentists. DDRI's MFN clause is similar to those at issue in the previous dental
plan cases, but the DDRI complaint differs both in its greater level of detail
and in its almost exclusive reliance on an exclusion theory of competitive harm.

   As with the earlier complaints, the Justice Department alleges that Delta
patients constitute a "significant" portion of the practices of "most" dentists
in Delta's service area. But in this complaint the government provides some
indication of what might be "significant," as the complaint alleges that "Delta
insures or administers plans for about 35-45 percent of persons covered by
dental insurance in Rhode Island." Complaint at 3. The complaint also points out
that, not surprisingly, dental services are the most significant input into the
provision of dental insurance, constituting "about 85-90% of the price of dental
insurance." Id. at 4. The greatest detail lies, however, in the complaint's
description of actual instances in which competing plans have allegedly been
deprived of the ability to create their own panels of participating dentists.
The complaint also alleges that there are no meaningful savings or other
procompetitive benefits resulting from the MFN clause, in recognition of the
fact that the courts have routinely recognized such benefits.

   By filing its first contested case in Rhode Island, the government has chosen
to pursue the anticompetitive exclusion theory in the forum that gave birth to
the Ocean State case. Justice Department officials have publicly expressed the
hope that Ocean State would be overruled as a result. Whatever the outcome, a
decision in a litigated setting would be welcome in adding clarity to this area
in light of the dissonance between the case law and the "law" made by the
government's settlements of MFN cases.

The Road Ahead
Recent enforcement activities indicate that MFN clauses are likely to be
challenged by the enforcement agencies in two circumstances. The first involves
joint venture agreements in which horizontal competitors are both the sellers
[*24]  and buyers of the joint venture's product: as individual competitors, the
venture's participants sell to the joint venture. In some cases, MFN clauses can
have the effect of penalizing deviations from minimum price levels. The second
situation involves the use of MFN clauses by large buyers. In some cases, MFN
clauses can reduce sellers' incentives to discount to other buyers.

   Yet, even accepting these theories, most of the complaints filed to date fall
short of demonstrating that incentives created by the MFN clause were strong
enough to have an adverse effect on competition. The DOJ's complaints, for
example, have typically alleged that a "substantial" number of sellers or "many"
sellers derived a "significant portion" of their income from the buyer favored
with MFN pricing. They did not disclose, however, the proportion of total
revenues within the relevant market that sellers derived from dealing with the
party favored with the MFN clause, which surely ought to be a key factor in
assessing the disincentives created by the clause. And, with the exception of
DDRI, the complaints did not allege an effect on competition, as opposed to an
effect on competitors who were unable to get better prices than those extended
to the MFN's beneficiaries.

   In an earlier antitrust regime, the Justice Department indicated that
antitrust concerns would arise only where the favored buyer accounted for at
least 35 percent of the volume of sales in the market. n13 While one can debate
what proportion of sales in the relevant market should trigger antitrust
concerns, it is difficult to quarrel with the notion that the proportion of
revenues that market participants derive from the MFN's beneficiary (or some
surrogate measure where this figure cannot be adduced) should be a key part of
the analysis. The absence of such objective factors and the government's
reliance on vague allegations that "many" or a "significant number" of sellers
derive "significant" revenues from contracts with MFN clauses necessarily
undercut the predictive guidance that the cases offer.

   Although two of the government's challenges occurred outside the health care
field, it is clear that health care is the primary, if not sole, focus of
enforcement interest. In the health care area, inputs that are subject to MFN
pricing very often account for a high percentage of the prices charged in the
output market, in which the competitive effects are alleged. This phenomenon
occurs far less commonly outside the health care area.

   Finally, both the "supplier collusion" and the "competitor exclusion" cases
focus on the buyer as a violator. With the exception of the Lykes Brothers case,
the agencies have not recently challenged the use of MFN clauses by a seller
acting unilaterally, and the government's allegations in Lykes Brothers indicate
that it believed that it was the buyer, who was not a defendant, that benefited
from the allegedly anticompetitive effects of the arrangement.

   For now, arrangements in which a large proportion of sellers in a market
agree to extend MFN pricing to a buyer -- whether that buyer is a joint venture
of sellers or a single entity -- face a high likelihood of antitrust scrutiny by
the enforcement agencies. Until the agencies, or the courts, embrace an
objective measure for assessing when MFN clauses really constrain sellers who
agree to them, participants in MFN arrangements that involve a significant share
of market participants stand at risk.



   n1 One critic of MFN clauses suggests that the "efficiency" of reducing
search costs is really a form of free riding by "uninformed" buyers on the
investment that "informed" buyers make in seeking and bargaining for lower
prices. See Jonathan B. Baker, Vertical Restraints with Horizontal Consequences:
Competitive Effects of "Most-Favored-Customer" Clauses, Remarks Before Business
Development Associates Conference 24-25, Washington, DC (Sept. 28, 1995).

   n2 See Keith J. Crocker & Thomas P. Lyon, What Do 'Facilitating Practices'
Facilitate? An Empirical Investigation of Most-Favored Nation Clauses in Natural
Gas Contracts, 37 J.L. & ECON. 297 (1994). For a detailed discussion of
procompetitive benefits of MFN clauses, see Joseph Simons, Fixing Price With
Your Victim: Efficiency and Collusion With Competitor-Based Formula Pricing
Clauses, 17 HOFSTRA L. REV. 599, 607-11 (1989).

   n3 See Steven C. Salop, Practices that (Credibly) Facilitate Oligopoly
Coordination, in New Developments in the Analysis of Market Structure 265
(Joseph Stiglitz and Frank Mathewson eds., 1986); George Hay, Oligopoly, Shared
Monopoly and Antitrust Law, 67 Cornell L. Rev. 439, 455-56 (1982).

   n4 See, e.g., Baker, supra note 1; Steven C. Salop et al., Economic Analysis
of the Effects on Competition and Consumers of Blue Cross of Western
Pennsylvania's Proposed Most Favored Nation Clause (Aug. 16, 1993).

   n5 United States v. General Elec. Co., 1977-2 Trade Cas. (CCH) P61,660 at
72,718 (E.D. Pa. 1977).

   n6 Ethyl Corp., 101 F.T.C. 425 (1983), vacated sub nom. E.I. du Pont de
Nemours & Co. v. FTC, 719 F.2d 128 (2d Cir. 1984).

   n7 See, e.g., Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Mich. v. Michigan Ass'n of
Psychotherapy Clinics, 1980-2 Trade Cas. (CCH) P63,351 (E.D. Mich. 1980); Kitsap
Physicians Serv. v. Washington Dental Serv., 671 F. Supp. 1267 (W.D. Wash.
1987); Reynolds v. California Dental Serv., 246 Cal. Rptr. 331 (1988); National
Benefit v. Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Ala., 1989-2 Trade Cas. (CCH) P68,831
(M.D. Ala. 1989), aff'd without published opinion, 907 F.2d 1143 (11th Cir.
1990); Ocean State Physicians Health Plan, Inc. V. Blue Cross and Blue Shield of
R.I., 883 F.2d 1101 (1st Cir. 1989), cert. denied, 494 U.S. 1027 (1990);
Willamette Dental Group v. Oregon Dental Serv. Corp., 882 P.2d 637 (Or. App.
1994).

   n8 Michigan Ass'n of Psychotherapy Clinics v. Blue Cross & Blue Shield of
Mich., 1982-83 Trade Cas. (CCH) P65,035 at 70,775 (Mich. Ct. App. 1982). A
federal district court in Washington reached a similar conclusion.  Kitsap
Physicians Serv. v. Washington Dental Serv., 671 F. Supp. 1267, 1269 (W.D. Wash.
1987).

   n9 Reynolds v. California Dental Serv., 246 Cal. Rptr. 331 (1988); Willamette
Dental Group v. Oregon Dental Serv. Corp., 882 P.2d 637 (Or.App. 1994).

   n10 In post-settlement comments, RxCare maintained that the MFN clause
actually had the effect of lowering prices, noting that Tennessee has the third
lowest prices for prescription drugs in the United States.

   n11 According to the DOJ's Competitive Impact Statements, the dental plans
compensated providers based on their usual and customary fee levels, subject to
a cap.

   n12 The authors' firm represented one of the parties in this case.

   n13 Antitrust in the Health Care Field: Distinguishing Resistance from
Adoption, Remarks of Charles F. Rule, Assistant Attorney General, Antitrust
Division, Before ABA and Connecticut Health Lawyers Association (Mar. 11, 1988).


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             August 17, 2007 Friday

HEALTH HAPPENINGS

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Contra Costa; Eastern Contra Costa; My Town

LENGTH: 1065 words


Home Chore Registry Program: East County -- A program for seniors who need to
hire someone to help with day-to-day tasks. For more information about this
program in East County call 925-439-1202.

UnitedHealthcare Children's Foundation -- California parents with children in
need of medical services or equipment not fully covered by health insurance can
apply for a grant up to $5,000. For information: http://www.uhccf.org .

Power wheel chairs available -- Miracle on Wheels makes available electric power
wheelchairs to non-ambulatory senior citizens, 65 years-and older, and the
permanently disabled of any age. For information and qualifications:
1-800-749-8778, http://www.jaspanmedical.com .

BLOOD DRIVES

American Red Cross Blood Drives -- 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com to
schedule appointment.

Aug. 18, 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Church hall, St. Anthony Church, 971 O'Hara Ave., Oakley.
Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . Use code:
STANTHONYOAKLEY.

Aug. 27, 1:30-6:30 p.m. Community Presbyterian Church of Pittsburg, 200 E.
Leland Road. Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . Use code:
PITTSBURG.

Sept. 1, 1-6 p.m. Resurrection Ministries, 1275 Fairview Ave., Brentwood.
Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . Use code:BRENTWOOD.

Sept. 24, 1:30-6:30 p.m. Church of Christ, 1020 E. Tregallas Road, Antioch.
Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . Use code: ANTIOCH.

SUTTER DELTA CENTER

Sutter Delta Medical Center offers the following health events, 3901 Lone Tree
Way, Antioch:

Women's Health Center Tours, 1:30 or 7:30 p.m. first and third Mondays monthly.
925-779-7230.

"Calling It Quits": Smoking Cessation, Do you want to kick the habit of smoking?
Classes are scheduled as needed. For information, call 925-779-3570.

Lactation Services, The Women's Health Center has lactation consultants with
services available for outpatient appointments. 925-779-7200, Ext. 4206.

Diabetic Education Series, 5-6 p.m. Sept. 10, 17, 24 and Oct. 1. A series of
four classes aimed at the basics of diabetes, what it is, management techniques,
food and recipe ideas and more. Spouses and caregivers are welcome.
Registration: 925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

ABCs of CHF: Living Well with Congestive Heart Failure, 10 a.m.-noon. Sept. 12
and 19. The causes of CHF are varied but treatments are fairly consistent.
Two-day class shows some tricks of the trade for coping with this manageable
condition. Registration: 925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

Get Tough on Angina, 6-8 p.m. Sept. 12. The main goal of the class is to assist
you in becoming comfortable with talking about and coping with angina on a
day-to day basis in addition to being more comfortable. Registration:
925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org .

Quarterly Diabetic Workshops, Sept. 21. A clinical specialist will present a
variety of diabetes-related topics. For time and registration information:
925-779-3570.

Who Will Speak for You: Advance Directives, 10 to 11:30 a.m. Sept. 26. This
class will teach you about the legal document that allows you to appoint someone
to speak for you, on your behalf in the event of a medical emergency.
Registration: 925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

CPR for Family and Friends, 5-8 p.m. Sept. 27. This three-hour class teaches
recognition and emergency resuscitation techniques for laypersons who want to
learn rescue skills for a loved one. This is not a certification class.
925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

JOHN MUIR MEDICAL CENTER, BRENTWOOD

Offers the following health events and services, 2400 Balfour Road, Brentwood:

New Parent Group, 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Lactation: First and third Mondays
facilitated by a board-certified lactation consultant. Other Mondays will be
focused topics and open discussion on various parenting issues. Registration:
925-941-7900, option 3, http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

JOHN MUIR WOMEN'S HEALTH CENTER

Offers the following health events, 1656 N. California Blvd., Walnut Creek:

Breast in the Best, 10 a.m.-noon Wednesdays. This weekly drop-in class is for
breast-feeding mothers to come for basic education about general feeding,
supplementing, pumping and storing. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Osteoporosis Exercise, 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. For anyone who has been
diagnosed with osteoporosis. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Post Partum Depression/Anxiety Group, Get help with excessive worries about
yourself or your baby. Call 510-273-9548 for date, times and registration.

First Mondays for Women, Connect with other women on the first Monday of each
month and make new friends. Guest speakers, professional and personal support.
$10 per evening. Times and registration: 925-941-7900.

Yoga for Women, Noon-1 p.m. Tuesdays or 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. $70 for one
month. Registration: 925-942-7900, wwwjohnmuirhealth.com.

JOHN MUIR ELDER CARE SERVICES

Offers the following health events, 1808 Tice Valley Blvd., Walnut Creek:

Hands on Care for Family Caregivers, 9 a.m.-noon Aug. 24. Family members learn
how to give care that protects the care receiver and caregiver. Learn about new
types of equipment, , how to give a bath or shower, special diets and more.
Light refreshments served. Registration: 925-937-2018.

THE WELLNESS COMMUNITY

Offers the following health events, 3276 McNutt Avenue, Walnut Creek:

Newly Diagnosed Breast Cancer Workshop, 10:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. through Oct. 24
Wednesdays. This 16-week group is for women who have just been diagnosed and are
either in treatment or starting treatment. Guest medical experts will present
information to assist in understanding the disease. The group aspect assists you
in finding the tools for coping with the diagnosis and gaining the support of
others who share similar experiences. Free. Registration: 925-933-0107.

Patient and Healthcare Advocacy, 10 a.m. Aug. 11. Learn how to get the most from
your healthcare team including office visits, helping care providers work
together and resources for dealing with billing and insurance issues. Free.
Registration: 925-933-0107.

Laughter Playshop, 10 a.m. Aug. 25. Laughter has numerous health benefits,
especially for the immune system. Share the benefits of laughter and participate
in simple improvisation exercises to make you laugh. Free for cancer patients,
their family and friends. Registration: 925-933-0107.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                              July 31, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

CENTRAL TEXAS DIGEST

BYLINE: FROM STAFF REPORTS

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 834 words


Religion

Bishop's farewell Masses set

Bishop Gregory Aymond will be holding a series of farewell Masses and receptions
in the coming weeks before he leaves to become the archbishop in New Orleans.
The public is invited to attend one of the four Masses, diocese spokesman
Christian Gonzalez said.

Each of the following Masses will begin at 7 p.m.:

* Today: St. Louis Parish in Waco

* Wednesday: St. Thomas Aquinas Parish in College Station

* Aug. 7: St. John the Evangelist Parish in Marble Falls

* Aug. 10: San Jose Parish in Austin

The Austin diocese announced in June that Aymond, who has led Central Texas
parishioners since 2000, was selected by Pope Benedict XVI as the next
archbishop of New Orleans, making him the first New Orleans native to hold that
position.

Aymond succeeds Archbishop Alfred C. Hughes, who is retiring after seven years
in that position.

Consultors in Austin expect to meet and elect a priest in the diocese to act as
administrator within eight days of Aymond's installation in New Orleans,
Gonzalez said. The priest selected will have some limits in power but will keep
the diocese going until the pope appoints a new bishop. Gonzalez said it could
be up to a year and a half before a new bishop is appointed.

Travis County

Man accused of kidnapping

Police arrested a man Wednesday who is accused of forcing a pregnant woman to
drive him away from the scene of an accident, according to an arrest affidavit.

The rollover collision happened about 12:20 p.m. Wednesday near the FM 969 and
Blue Bluff Road, the document says. Kyle Jay Jones was the driver of the
rolled-over vehicle and was seen by Travis County sheriff's deputies leaving the
scene in a car with an unidentified female driver, police say.

The woman, who is nine months pregnant, said she witnessed the accident, the
document says. After the accident, Jones approached the woman and stuck an
object which she believed to be a knife into her rib cage, demanding that she
take him to a Texaco station on FM 69 and Delta Post, three miles from the
accident, according to the affidavit.

When they reached the gas station, Jones left the woman's car, threw a $20 bill
at her and got into a white Chevrolet Trailblazer, the affidavit says.

Jones, 23, is charged with aggravated kidnapping, a first-degree felony, and was
in the Travis County Jail on Thursday, with bail set at $40,000.

Austin

Grants to aid health services

El Buen Samaritano Episcopal Mission has received $509,000 in grants enabling it
to expand health care services to uninsured and underinsured people in Austin.

El Buen received two grants totaling $293,000 from St. Luke's Episcopal Health
Charities for clinic operations and expanding capacity, according to El Buen
spokesman Ivan Dávila. Another grant of $125,000 came from St. David's
Healthcare Foundation, and $91,000 was donated by the Michael and Susan Dell
Foundation, he said.

The grants will allow the clinic to expand annual patient visits from 11,000 a
year to 15,000 at its Wallace Mallory Clinic at 7000 Woodhue Drive in South
Austin, Dávila said.

The grants will allow the clinic to hire its first staff doctor, in addition to
adding another nurse and a medical assistant. Since the clinic started in 1989,
a team of volunteer doctors has helped run the clinic and will continue to
provide services.

Mower slips into Barton pool

A maintenance worker accidentally drove a riding lawn mower into Barton Springs
Pool at 1 p.m. Thursday, a City of Austin spokesman said. The employee was
cutting the lawn on the south bank about 60 feet up from the pool when he lost
control of the mower after driving over wet grass and clover, and it slid into
the pool, the spokesman said.

The pool was just over 5 feet deep where the mower entered the water, and the
employee was not injured. The mower was removed within minutes, the spokesman
said.

Workers cleaned up a small amount of oil that washed into the water, but
officials closed the pool Thursday evening for health department tests. The pool
was found to be safe for swimming and scheduled to open on schedule at 5 a.m.
today.

Blood donation

Ice cream offered for a pint

The Blood Center of Central Texas, Blue Bell Creameries and KASE-FM are teaming
up again to offer their annual Pint for a Pint Challenge blood donation
campaign. Anyone donating a pint of blood Aug. 3 to 16 will receive a pint of
Blue Bell Ice Cream, with 14 flavors to choose from.

The campaign will be held at all mobile blood drives and at the center's five
locations: in Austin at 4300 N. Lamar Blvd.; in Cedar Park at 920 N. Vista Ridge
Blvd, Suite 560; in Georgetown at 1015 W. University Ave., Suite 340 (at FM 143
in Wolf Ranch Town Center); in Round Rock at 2132 N. Mays St., Suite 900; and in
South Austin at 9500 S. I-35, Building L, Suite 800 (Southpark Meadows).

Donors must be at least 17, weigh at least 110 pounds, be in generally good
health and have a photo ID. For donor center hours or more information, call
206-1266 or visit www.inyourhands.org.

Compiled from staff reports

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            January 23, 2007 Tuesday

Business news in brief

SECTION: BRIEFS; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 1201 words

IN THE REGION

Vioxx lawsuit dropped before trial in Philadelphia

A New Jersey woman who claimed Merck & Co. Inc.'s pain reliever Vioxx caused her
husband's death dropped her lawsuit against the company five weeks before the
case was set to go to trial in Philadelphia. Angela McCool of Marlton dropped
the suit with prejudice, meaning the case will not be reopened. McCool had sued
in 2005, alleging that Vioxx caused her husband's fatal heart attack. Attorneys
for Merck said McCool's husband had a history of heart trouble and had several
factors for heart disease, including hypertension and obesity. Merck's
headquarters are in Whitehouse Station, N.J.- Bloomberg News

AstraZeneca to expand Boston-area R&D facility

AstraZeneca P.L.C. said it would spend $100 million to expand its Boston-area
research and development facility focused on infectious diseases and cancer. The
London-based company's U.S. headquarters near Wilmington employs about 4,500
people in the Philadelphia area. The company opened the R&D center in the Boston
suburb of Waltham, Mass., in 2000, and has expanded it steadily since then.
AstraZeneca said the expansion would include creation of up to 100 research
jobs, in addition to the more than 400 employees already there.- Thomas Ginsberg


Head of CVS subsidiary to be new PharMerica's CEO


AmerisourceBergen Corp., Valley Forge, and Kindred Healthcare Inc., Louisville,
Ky., have announced that Gregory S. Weishar has been named chief executive
officer of a company to be formed by the proposed combination of their
institutional pharmacy businesses, PharMerica Long-Term Care and Kindred
Pharmacy Services. The new company will be called PharMerica Corp., and it will
be based in Louisville, with a major customer-support center in Tampa, Fla.
Weishar is chief executive officer and president of PharmaCare Management
Services Inc., a subsidiary of CVS Corp.- Thomas J. Brady

Moody's raises rating for Penn's long-term debt

Moody's Investors Service has upgraded the University of Pennsylvania's
long-term-debt rating to "Aa2" from "Aa3," and removed it from its watch list
for future upgrades, Penn said. The rating outlook affects $558 million in debt.
Moody's change reflects Penn's continued growth in financial reserves, enhanced
fund-raising, and the strengthened operating performance of the Penn Health
System, a unit of the university. The Health System's debt rating was upgraded
in November to "A1" from "A2."-Tom Belden

Liquor-store employees approve four-year contract

Unions representing nearly 2,800 workers at Pennsylvania's state-owned liquor
stores overwhelmingly approved a four-year contract that offers pay raises in
exchange for higher employee health-insurance contributions, officials said. The
three United Food and Commercial Workers locals ratified the agreement in a
1,222-18 vote Sunday in meetings across the state, said Wendell W. Young IV,
president of UFCW Local 1776, which represents employees in southeast, northeast
and central Pennsylvania.- AP

East Penn Financial raises payout to 12 cents a share

East Penn Financial Corp. has raised its semiannual dividend by a penny, to 12
cents a share. The dividend is payable Feb. 28 to shareholders of record Feb. 2.
The company, based in Emmaus, Pa., began paying a cash dividend in 2001, and it
has raised the payout each year. The increase this year amounts to 9.1 percent.
The company, with assets of $439 million, is the parent of East Penn Bank, which
has nine branches.- Paul Schweizer

Bala Cynwyd firm gets Gruppo Campari Polish rights

Alcoholic-beverage company Central European Distribution Corp., Bala Cynwyd,
said it obtained exclusive rights to import, market and distribute the Gruppo
Campari brand in Poland. The new agreement became effective Jan. 1. It allows
the company to sell Gruppo Campari products, such as Skyy Vodka Cinzano, Old
Smuggler and Glen Grant.- Madhusmita Bora

ELSEWHERE

Allegheny Technologies to supply superalloys to GE...

Allegheny Technologies Inc., a maker of specialty metals, said an agreement to
supply General Electric Co.'s aviation unit with titanium and nickel-based
superalloys may generate $2 billion in sales over four years. Allegheny will
supply GE Aviation with the metals for use in commercial and military jet
engines, the Pittsburgh-based company said.- Bloomberg News

... and Boeing to supply 39 passenger aircraft to GE

Also, Boeing Co., the world's second-largest commercial-airline-maker, said
General Electric Co. ordered 39 of its passenger planes in a transaction with a
list-price value of $5.34 billion. GE, the world's biggest aircraft lessor,
booked the order last year.- Bloomberg News

Chicago Fed President Moskow to retire Aug. 31

Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago President Michael H. Moskow, whose inflation
warnings have weakened bonds, confirmed he would retire Aug. 31, leaving a
fourth high-level opening at the central bank. Moskow, 69, took office in 1994
and has never dissented on policy. The announcement confirmed a 2002 resolution
set by the Fed's board extending his retirement date until this year. A labor
economist by training, Moskow began his career teaching at Temple University,
Lafayette College and Drexel University.- Bloomberg News

Delta filing lists creditors' recovery rates

Delta Air Lines Inc.'s unsecured creditors will recover 62 percent to 78 percent
of what they are owed, and unsecured creditors of its Comair Inc. commuter unit
may be paid in full, the bankrupt carrier said. Delta plans to pay Comair
unsecured creditors 76 percent to 100 percent of what they are owed, according
to a filing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in New York. The recovery rate for Delta's
unsecured creditors is a revision from its earlier estimate of 63 percent to 80
percent.- Bloomberg News

Codefendant: Ill treatment led to plan to steal secrets

A former secretary at Coca-Cola Co. was angry at her employer for not treating
her well. Because of that, she hatched a plan to steal trade secrets from the
beverage giant and sell them to rival PepsiCo Inc., a codefendant testified at
the woman's conspiracy trial in Atlanta. Edmund Duhaney, who pleaded guilty in
the case and agreed to testify, told jurors that Joya Williams said the
documents and product samples - which include information about the company's
new coffee-infused drink Coca-Cola Blak - could be worth a lot of money to a
competitor.- AP

Rates rise at auctions of 3- and 6-month bills

The Treasury Department auctioned $17 billion in three-month bills at a discount
rate of 4.995 percent, up from 4.975 percent last week. An additional $14
billion in six-month bills was auctioned at a discount rate of 4.965 percent, up
from 4.950 percent. The three-month rate was the highest since these bills
averaged 5.090 percent on Jan. 22, 2001. The discount rates reflect that the
bills sell for less than face value. For a $10,000 bill, the three-month price
was $9,873.74, while a six-month bill sold for $9,748.99.- AP

Higher rate for 1-year T-bills, used to change ARMs

The average yield in the secondary market for one-year Treasury bills, a popular
index for making changes in adjustable-rate mortgages, rose to 5.08 percent last
week from 5.03 percent, the Federal Reserve said.- AP

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 21, 2007 Friday

HEALTH HAPPENINGS

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 1794 words



     ·    Home Chore Registry Program: East County -- A program for seniors who
          need to hire someone to help with day-to-day tasks. For more
          information about this program in East County call 925-439-1202.


UnitedHealthcare Children's Foundation -- California parents with children in
need of medical services or equipment not fully covered by health insurance can
apply for a grant up to $5,000. For information: http://www.uhccf.org .

Miracles on Wheels power wheelchairs -- No cost electric power wheelchairs to
non-ambulatory senior citizens, 65 years-and older, and the permanently disabled
of any age. For information and qualifications: 1-800-749-8778,
http://www.jaspanmedical.com .

Wishes on Wheels power wheelchairs -- No cost power wheelchairs for
nonambulatory senior citizens 65 years-and older, and persons of any age with
permanent disabilities. For information and qualification: 1-800-823-5220,
http://www.threewishes2.com .


     ·    John Muir Mobile Health Clinic -- Operates the first four Saturdays of
          the month at 633 Village Drive, Brentwood. Provides free preventative
          and urgent medical care for those who are uninsured or unable to pay
          for care. For a schedule of dates and times, call 925-313-6250.


BLOOD DRIVES

American Red Cross Blood Drives -- 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com to
schedule appointment.

Sept. 24, 1:30-6:30 p.m. Church of Christ, 1020 E. Tregallas Road, Antioch.
Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . Use code: ANTIOCH.

SUTTER DELTA


     ·    Sutter Delta Medical Center offers the following health events, 3901
          Lone Tree Way, Antioch:


Women's Health Center Tours: 1:30 or 7:30 p.m. first and third Mondays monthly.
925-779-7230.

"Calling It Quits": Smoking Cessation, Do you want to kick the habit of smoking?
Classes are scheduled as needed. For information, call 925-779-3570.

Lactation Services, The Women's Health Center has lactation consultants with
services available for outpatient appointments. 925-779-7200, Ext. 4206.

Diabetic Education Series, 5-6 p.m. Sept. 17, 24 and Oct. 1. A series of four
classes aimed at the basics of diabetes, what it is, management techniques, food
and recipe ideas and more. Spouses and caregivers are welcome. Registration:
925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

Quarterly Diabetic Workshops, Sept. 21. A clinical specialist will present a
variety of diabetes-related topics. For time and registration information:
925-779-3570.

Who Will Speak for You: Advance Directives, 10 to 11:30 a.m. Sept. 26. This
class will teach you about the legal document that allows you to appoint someone
to speak for you, on your behalf in the event of a medical emergency.
Registration: 925-779-3570,  juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

CPR for Family and Friends, 5-8 p.m. Sept. 27. This three-hour class teaches
recognition and emergency resuscitation techniques for laypersons who want to
learn rescue skills for a loved one. This is not a certification class.
925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

JOHN MUIR SENIOR SERVICES

John Muir Medical Center offers the following senior services at various
locations:

No More Denial: Hearing Loss and Hearing Aids, 9:30-11 a.m. Oct. 11. Learn about
hearing loss from a highly-qualified audiologist along with tips and techniques
for identifying and coping with hearing loss. John Muir Medical Center, Concord
Campus, 2540 East St. Free. Registration: 925-947-3300.

Memory Screening, Morning and afternoon appointments available Oct. 16-17; Nov.
13 and 15; Dec. 18-19. Take advantage of a seven minute screening that will
provide you with information to discuss with your physician. John Muir Out
Patient Center, 2400 Balfour Road, Brentwood. Free. Reservations: 925-947-3300.

Banishing The Blues, 9:30-11 a.m. Oct. 18. Hear a frank discussion about what
causes "reactive depression" and what can be done to stop or minimize it. John
Muir Outpatient Center, Tice Valley/Rossmoor, 1220 Rossmoor Parkway, Walnut
Creek. Free. Reservations: 925-947-3300.

Advance Health Care Directives, 7-9 p.m. Oct. 23. Clarify your own choices and
make sure they will be carried out should you become unable to make your own
health care decisions. Required documents will be provided. John Muir Medical
Center, Walnut Creek Campus, 1601 Ygnacio Valley Road. Free. Registration:
925-947-3300.

Arming Yourself Against Financial Predators and Identity Theft, 9:30-11 a.m.
Oct. 26. Hear an expert on financial fraud and abuse of older adults. Discuss
ways to protect yourself against a variety of scams and fraud. John Muir Women's
Health Center, 1656 N. California Blvd., Walnut Creek. Free. Registration:
925-947-3300.

Aging Gracefully, 9:30-11 a.m. Nov. 8. Get a whole new slant on your status as
"senior citizen" and learn to enjoy some of the benefits that life's experiences
provide. John Muir Medical Center, Concord Campus, 2540 East St. Free.
Registration: 925-947-3300.

Understanding Your Part D Prescription Drug Option, 2-3:30 p.m. Nov. 14.
Representatives from two plans will talk about enrollment or changes in Part D
Prescription Drug Option plan. John Muir Outpatient Center, 2400 Balfour Road,
Brentwood. Free. Reservations: 925-947-3300.

Managing Insomnia, 9:30-11 a.m. Nov. 16. Learn simple techniques to help you
successfully conquer sleep difficulties. John Muir Women's Health Center, 1656
N. California Blvd., Walnut Creek. Free. Registration: 925-674-2586.

JOHN MUIR, BRENTWOOD


     ·    John Muir Outpatient Center, Brentwood offers the following health
          events and services, 2400 Balfour Road, Brentwood:


Osteoporosis Screening, Low-dose screening, hip and spine bone densitometry
exams are available. Physician referral is required. For information, call
925-308-8123.

Babies in Brentwood, Support For New Parents: 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Mondays.
Interact with other new parents and babies age newborn to 6 months. Get
information, support and have fun. No registration required. 925-941-7900.

New Parent Group, 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Lactation: First and third Mondays
facilitated by a board-certified lactation consultant. Other Mondays will be
focused topics and open discussion on various parenting issues. Registration:
925-941-7900, option 3, http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

WOMEN'S HEALTH CENTER


     ·    John Muir Women's Health Center offers the following health events,
          1656 N. California Blvd., Walnut Creek.


Aging Artfully, 6:45-8:15 p.m. Sept. 26. Author Amy Gorman shares insights about
how women can age well and energize themselves through a daily routine of art,
crafts and musicianship -- no matter what their talent. 925-941-7900,
johnmuirhealth.com

Marriage Boosters and Busters, 6:45-8:15 p.m. Sept. 27. This class emphasizes
strategies that increase happiness and decrease stress in relationships. Learn
to emphasize positive cooperation and to avoid common communication problems
that lead to anger and resentment. Taught by Margie Ryerson, M.F.T.
925-941-7900, johnmuirhealth.com

It's Write Inside- Workshop, 7-8;30 p.m. through Sept. 27. Join us for this
3-week series as the writer in you begins to emerge with topics such as reality
checks, feelings and imagery. Taught by author Donna R. Kirven, BA, BPPVE, CPT.
925-941-7900, johnmuirhealth.com.

The Wig Source, John Muir Medical Center Auxiliary provides free wigs to women
and children suffering hair loss due to medical treatment, such as chemotherapy
for cancer. This service is provided regardless of where treatment is being
received. Wig fitting appointments are available at the John Muir Women's Health
Center. 925-947-5328,

Breast in the Best, 10 a.m.-noon Wednesdays. This weekly drop-in class is for
breast-feeding mothers to come for basic education about general feeding,
supplementing, pumping and storing. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Osteoporosis Exercise, 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. For anyone who has been
diagnosed with osteoporosis. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Post Partum Depression/Anxiety Group: Get help with excessive worries about
yourself or your baby. Call 510-273-9548 for date, times and registration.

First Mondays for Women, Connect with other women on the first Monday of each
month and make new friends. Guest speakers, professional and personal support.
$10 per evening. Times and registration: 925-941-7900.

Yoga for Women, Noon-1 p.m. Tuesdays or 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. $70 for one
month. Registration: 925-942-7900, wwwjohnmuirhealth.com.

THE WELLNESS COMMUNITY


     ·    Offers the following health events, 3276 McNutt Avenue, Walnut Creek


Newly Diagnosed Breast Cancer Workshop, 10:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. through Oct. 24
Wednesdays. This 16-week group is for women who have just been diagnosed and are
either in treatment or starting treatment. Guest medical experts will present
information to assist in understanding the disease. The group aspect assists you
in finding the tools for coping with the diagnosis and gaining the support of
others who share similar experiences. Free. Registration: 925-933-0107.

The Lebed Method: Focus on Healing Through Exercise and Movement, 9:30-10:30
a.m. Oct. 4-Nov. 9. Join other cancer survivors for a series that is a fun,
total body exercise set to music. Lebed helps you regain and maintain range of
motion, relieve pain and reduce the risk of lymphedema. Free. Registration:
925-933-0107.

Nutrition and Cancer Treatment, 10 a.m.-1 p.m. Oct. 6. Learn what to eat, ways
to hydrate and get your specific nutritional issues addressed. Free.
Registration: 925-933-0107.

Kids Circle and Teen Talk: When Mom or Dad Has Cancer, 10 a.m.-1 p.m. Oct. 13
School-age children participate in fun, creative activities to help them express
themselves while teens meet in a group where they can discuss concerns. Parents
meet concurrently. Free. Registration: 925-933-0107.

African Drumming Circle, 4:40-5:30 p.m. Oct. 18. Drumming has been shown to
boost immune system functions and metabolism. No rhythmic or musical ability
required. Free for cancer patients and their families, friends or caregivers.
Registration: 925-933-0107.

Am I Just Forgetful or Is It Chemobrain, 10 a.m.-noon Oct. 20. During treatment
for cancer many people report difficulty with their thinking abilities.
Symptoms, tips and pointer for managing chemobrain will be discussed. Free.
Registration: 925-933-0107.

An Update On Treatment and Side Effect Management of Colorectal Cancer, 10
a.m.-noon Oct. 27. Learn about the newest approaches to treating colorectal
cancer. In addition, participants will learn effective strategies to manage side
effects and live well with colorectal cancer. Free. Registration: 925-933-0107.

Return to wellness, 4-6 p.m. Through Nov. 21. A program that helps women recover
from emotional and physical effects of breast cancer treatment. Group support is
combined with exercise and nutrition. Free. Registration: 925-933-0107.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Citizen (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Four from Murray named Community Champions

BYLINE: Chris Whitfield, The Daily Citizen, Dalton, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 546 words


March 23--CHATSWORTH -- Woodlawn Elementary teacher Elizabeth Robinson says she
loves her community and is always willing to help out.

The organizers of Wednesday's Murray County Family Connection Community Champion
awards luncheon say she is more than just a helper.

Robinson was honored at Cloer Barn as the Community Champion along with
recognitions given out to two students and one local business for their service
and impact on the community.

As a teacher working at both Coker and Woodlawn elementary schools, Robinson has
seemingly always had a hand in the Murray County community. In addition to her
teaching duties, she is the county school recycling teacher, coordinator of the
Veterans Day program and a teacher in the after-school tutoring program. She
also has been honored in the past as the Murray County Teacher of the Year.

In addition to her work in education, she is the president of the Spring Place
Ruritan Club and an active member of the Whitfield-Murray Historical Society.
She is a member of Alpha Delta Kappa sorority and has spearheaded fundraising
activities, including raising more than $10,000 for Ringgold schools after the
devastating tornadoes ripped through that area in 2011.

Robinson said there have always been plenty of people who pitch in to any
project she works on.

"Anytime you get an award, it really is a group award," she said. "I am just the
one standing here for them, but it is an honor to be recognized. Murray County
is a special place, and you just do what you do to help your community."

Other nominees for the award were Suzie Childers, Kim Dailey, Dottie Langham,
Tara Noe, Phenna Petty and Stephanie Whisenant.

"If everyone would just do a little, it will help out everyone in the community
a lot," Robinson said.

Laura Alton of North Murray High School and Tori Richards of Murray County High
School were awarded $500 scholarships.

Alton is president of the Future Farmers of America at North Murray and has done
extensive work with the historical society. She is vice president of the student
council and is a member of the Beta Club and the National Honor Society. She has
volunteered with Murray County Community Christmas, the American Red Cross, City
of Refuge, the Chief Vann House and Chatsworth Health Care Center.

Richards is active in 4-H and has taught younger 4-Hers in Murray County and at
the state level at the Rock Eagle 4-H Center. She has worked with the local
United Way and Salvation Army, and is president of the Murray County High School
Students Against Destructive Decisions.

Other students nominated were Megan Cherry, Kymberlee Childers, Maddie Phillips,
Tyler Richardson, Price Rogers, Rachel Sitton, Blaine Thornbury, Sarah Grace
Wagnon and Caitlyn Woolridge.

Saucy Bones and its owner Jason Ledford were recognized as the Business
Champion. The business has partnered with Community Christmas, the county
recreation department and the Miracle League, among others.

Other nominees for that award were the Creme Hut, Jones Funeral Home, Keep
Chatsworth-Murray Beautiful, Murray County 4-H, Paul's Drive In, Peeples Funeral
Home and Shawn Chapman Funeral Home.

___ (c)2016 The Daily Citizen (Dalton, Ga.) Visit The Daily Citizen (Dalton,
Ga.) at daltondailycitizen.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160323-DW-Four-from-Murray-named-Community-Champions-20160323

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DW


                        Copyright 2016 The Daily Citizen


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Claremore Daily Progress (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 30, 2014 Wednesday

Gutierrez awarded Health Foundation scholarship

BYLINE: Claremore Daily Progress, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 982 words


July 30--CLAREMORE -- Evelyn Gutierrez of Claremore was recently awarded a
scholarship from United Health Foundation's Diverse Scholars Initiative to
pursue a career in primary health care.

Gutierrez is a senior at the University of Tulsa, and is currently majoring in
pre-med, as well as, exercise and sports science.

Through its partner organizations, United Health Foundation's Diverse Scholars
Initiative will award nearly $2 million in scholarships during the 2014-15
school year to students from diverse multicultural backgrounds. UHF announced
the scholarships at the foundation's sixth annual Diverse Scholars Forum, held
July 23-26 in Washington D.C. More than 100 scholarship recipients from across
the U.S. were brought to the nation's capitol to celebrate their accomplishments
and inspire them to work toward strengthening the nation's health care system.

At this year's forum, scholars had the opportunity to hear from members of
Congress and leaders in a variety of health fields. Throughout the three days,
scholars were able to network and learn from one another.

Since 2007, United Health Foundation has awarded more than 1,400 scholarships
totaling $9.3 million to support diverse students pursuing health careers. The
initiative aims to increase diversity in the health care workforce by supporting
promising future health professionals as they pursue their education.

"I have been able to work a fulltime job and go to school fulltime while
maintaining a high GPA," said Gutierrez. "I will graduate this May, becoming the
first person in my family to get past the 10th grade and receive a bachelor's
degree."

She said In high school, she worked fulltime and went to school to help pay for
expenses around her home, while saving for college.

"I had applied to numerous scholarships and aid from the government, but the
tuition at my university kept going up every year to the point where I could not
afford to finish my degree. Coming from a single-parent household and being the
individual who aided my mother with all the bills, I had to come down to a
difficult decision," she said. "If I had not received the honor of receiving an
award from the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute, I would not have had the
opportunity to finish my degree. The award has allowed me to continue with my
senior year as a pre-med student, and to decrease my work load so that I could
have more time to focus on my school work and more time to study for the MCAT."

Gutierrez plans to attend medical school next year followed by a residency in
orthopedics.

"Once I have established myself with a rewarding career, I plan to establish my
own scholarship fund to help individuals pursue their goals in medicine."

Gutierrez's recent honors and awards include the Alpha Epsilon Delta Honor,
Zarrow Scholar, Beta Beta Beta Biological Honor Society, President of Exercise
and Sports Science, the President's Honor Roll, Dean's Honor Roll, and
President's Class.

"United Health Foundation is honored to support these outstanding students as
they prepare to bring their expertise and enthusiasm to our health care system,"
said Kate Rubin, president of United Health Foundation.

The Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC) predicts that the U.S. will
experience a severe shortage of physicians, nurses and other medical care
providers over the next two decades. According to AAMC, the country will need
124,000 more physicians, 157,000 more pharmacists and one million more nurses to
meet the growing demand for health services -- in part because of expanded
coverage under the Affordable Care Act.

It is especially important that stakeholders focus on recruiting health
professionals from multicultural backgrounds. The American Medical Association
and AAMC estimate that about 15 percent of the U.S. population is
Hispanic/Latino; however, only 5 percent of physicians and 4 percent of
registered nurses are Hispanic/Latino. About 12 percent of the population is
African American, yet only 6 percent of physicians and 5 percent of registered
nurses are African American.

It is important that stakeholders focus on recruiting health professionals from
multicultural backgrounds. The American Medical Association and AAMC estimate
that about 15 percent of the U.S. population is Hispanic/Latino; however, only 5
percent of physicians and 4 percent of registered nurses are Hispanic/Latino.
About 12 percent of the population is African American, yet only 6 percent of
physicians and 5 percent of registered nurses are African American.

Research shows that when patients are treated by health professionals who share
their language, culture and ethnicity, they are more likely to accept and follow
the medical treatment and instructions they receive.

In addition, creating a more diverse health workforce can help increase the
supply of medical professionals in traditionally underserved areas and address
language differences and cultural barriers that sometimes make it hard for
patients to get the correct care at a time that is most effective.

United Health Foundation's Diverse Scholars Initiative is one facet of the
foundation's commitment to build and strengthen the health workforce. United
Health Foundation supports additional initiatives, for example, a $100,000 grant
to the National Military Family Association (NMFA) that provides financial
support to military spouses working to complete clinical licensure requirements
in the field of mental health. United Health Foundation also awarded a $2.9
million grant to Washburn Center for Children to create a nationally renowned
children's mental health training program.

For more information about the Diverse Scholars Initiative, visit
unitedhealthfoundation.org.

___ (c)2014 the Claremore Daily Progress (Claremore, Okla.) Visit the Claremore
Daily Progress (Claremore, Okla.) at claremoreprogress.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140730-XO-Gutierrez-awarded-Health-Foundation-scholarship-0730-20140730

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XO


                    Copyright 2014 Claremore Daily Progress


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            November 3, 2006 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Daily Briefing: CORPORATIONS: Earnings surge at LHC Group

BYLINE: From Staff and News Services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2G

LENGTH: 2517 words


LHC Group Inc., a rapidly expanding provider of post-acute health care services,
said Thursday its third-quarter profit nearly doubled. During the July-September
period, LHC earned $5.2 million, or 30 cents per share, on revenue of $58.1
million, compared with a year-ago profit in the third quarter of $2.4 million,
or 14 cents per share, on revenue of $38.6 million. Analysts polled by Thomson
Financial had an average earnings forecast of 26 cents per share, with projected
revenue of $55.9 million.

DEALS: AmSouth sells 39 branches to RBC

RBC Centura Bank will acquire 39 branches in Alabama from AmSouth Bank, which is
divesting the branches to allay antitrust concerns in the wake of its
acquisition by Regions Financial Corp. AmSouth also announced that Citizens Bank
of Russellville, Ala., has agreed to buy AmSouth's six Mississippi branches, as
required by federal regulators, while FirstBank of Lexington, Tenn., has agreed
to acquire the seven branches in Tennessee that AmSouth must sell to complete
the Regions deal. AmSouth and RBC Centura announced Wednesday that 22 of the
bank branches are in the Mobile area. The other branches are in Montgomery,
Huntsville, Tuscaloosa, Decatur and Selma.

ECONOMY: European bank holds rates steady

The European Central Bank held its key interest rate steady at 3.25 percent on
Thursday but signaled a likely increase in December as it expects more economic
growth in the 12 nations that use the euro. But ECB President Jean-Claude
Trichet was mum on where rates would go next year, when an increase in Germany's
value-added tax and budget-tightening measures in Italy take effect in two of
the euro zone's largest economies. Analysts, however, suggested that the ECB was
not done tightening monetary policy.

FINANCE: Insurers plead case with Fla. regulators

Tallahassee --- Insurance companies say they're paying too much for insurance,
too. Allstate officials told state regulators Thursday that the increasing cost
of reinsurance, backup coverage for insurers, makes it impossible for them to do
business in Florida without raising premiums substantially. That would mean more
than 20 percent on average for many customers, more than 30 percent for some. In
a hearing before the Office of Insurance Regulation, representatives of Allstate
Floridian Insurance Co. and Allstate Floridian Indemnity Co. explained that the
bulk of their requested rate increase is to pay for higher reinsurance costs.
The rate increases would average 22.5 percent statewide for Allstate Floridian
customers and 33.2 percent for customers of the indemnity company.

Spain investigates money laundering

French and Portuguese banks in Spain were raided by police Thursday as part of
an investigation into money laundering. Civil Guard officers, acting on
instructions of a National Court judge, raided offices of France's BNP Paribas
and Portugal's private Banco Espirito Santo banks in Madrid and Barcelona, the
court said. Judge Baltasar Garzon issued a search order authorizing the
investigation of the banks as well as the premises of stockbrokers Catera
Meridional and insurance company Cahispa. The homes of two people linked to the
insurance company were also searched, the statement said. Garzon is a
high-profile investigative judge who has worked on many anti-terrorism cases.

Exec says B of A trusted Parmalat

Milan, Italy --- A Bank of America official testified Thursday at the
stock-market-rigging trial of former Parmalat executives that his team trusted
the dairy company's financial reports and had no reason to suspect false
information. Prosecutor Francesco Greco questioned Gregory Johnson, the former
head of international private placement, about Bank of America's activities
selling Parmalat securities in the months before the company's spectacular
collapse in December 2003, when it became clear Parmalat had lied about how much
cash it had on hand. The company declared bankruptcy, revealing a net debt of
more than $18 billion --- eight times higher than previously claimed.

HOSPITALITY: MGM Mirage's profit rises 68%

Las Vegas --- MGM Mirage Inc. said Thursday its third-quarter profit climbed 68
percent as new shows, amenities and casino openings boosted revenue for the
world's second-largest gambling company. Net income grew to $156.3 million, or
54 cents per share, in the July-September period from $93.2 million, or 31 cents
per share, in the third quarter a year ago. Revenue rose 5 percent to $1.90
billion from $1.81 billion last year, the company said.

LEGAL: Colombian union appeals court ruling

A Colombian labor union is appealing a U.S. judge's dismissal of a lawsuit
against local Coca-Cola Co. bottlers for allegedly conspiring with paramilitary
groups to murder, torture and threaten trade unionists at its plants. Javier
Correa, president of the Sinaltrainal food and beverage workers union, said
Thursday the union notified the federal court of its intention to appeal on Oct.
27. "We are sure we'll win because the facts of the case speak for themselves
and nobody has yet been brought to justice," Correa said. In September, U.S.
District Judge Jose Martinez, in Miami, threw out the union's lawsuit against
four local bottlers, saying he lacked jurisdiction. The soft drink giant was
itself dropped from the lawsuit in 2003, also for lack of jurisdiction.

Software exec gets 12-year sentence

New York --- The former chief executive of Computer Associates International
Inc. was sentenced to 12 years in prison and fined $8 million on Thursday for
his role in a massive accounting fraud at one of the world's largest software
companies. Sanjay Kumar, 44, had faced up to 20 years behind bars after pleading
guilty in April to obstruction of justice and securities fraud charges at the
company, which since has been renamed CA Inc. Under federal sentencing
guidelines, Kumar could have faced life in prison, but the judge called that
punishment unreasonable. U.S. District Judge Leo Glasser said though Kumar was
not a violent criminal, he "did violence to the legitimate expectations of
shareholders."

MARKETS: EKN Financial fined $200,000

The NASD fined EKN Financial Services $200,000 and suspended four of its
principals for engaging in improper short selling in private investment in
public equity, or PIPE, offerings. The Woodbury, N.Y., firm was also suspended
for six months from engaging in any PIPE transactions. As part of the
settlement, the firm and its principals neither admitted nor denied the NASD's
findings. PIPEs are private offerings in which accredited investors agree to buy
restricted, unregistered securities of public companies. The companies agree to
allow the investors to resell the shares to the public, but the shares can't be
resold until the Securities and Exchange Commission approves their registration.

Spitzer says Grasso owes $112 million

New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer wants former New York Stock Exchange
chief Richard Grasso to return nearly $112.2 million from his disputed $187.5
million compensation package for 2003, according to court papers. Earlier this
month, state Supreme Court Justice Charles Ramos ordered Grasso to repay part of
the pay and directed Spitzer to calculate the amount. The judge, who got
Spitzer's recommendation Thursday, will soon rule on it. Spitzer's total
includes $81.5 million in pension payments made to Grasso in September 2003 and
$12.3 million in interest on two loans provided to Grasso. There was no
immediate comment from Grasso's attorney, Gerson A. Zweifach of Washington.

MEDIA: Tribune Co. may sell individual assets

Chicago --- Faced with lukewarm interest in the whole company since it put
itself up for sale in late September, Tribune Co. may be moving to the next
option: selling the company in parts. In September, Dennis FitzSimons, Tribune's
chairman, president and chief executive, said he would explore selling the
company whole before "evaluating strategic alternatives for individual business
units." But investment bankers say that Tribune would "entertain bids for
individual assets." Three Los Angeles billionaires --- Eli Broad, Ron Burkle and
David Geffen --- expressed individual interest this year in buying the Los
Angeles Times. Investors in New York, Baltimore and Hartford, Conn., have
expressed a desire to buy Newsday, the Baltimore Sun and the Hartford Courant.
Tribune also has broadcasting properties and the Chicago Cubs.

CBS Corp. plans to buy back shares

CBS Corp. reported lower net earnings Thursday from a year ago, when it was
still combined with Viacom Inc., but operating earnings rose. The company also
announced a share buyback of up to $1.5 billion. Investors have been pressing
CBS to say what its plans are for its growing cash stockpile, which is currently
$3.2 billion, up from $1.7 billion a year ago. The cash has been coming from
good operating results as well as the sale of its parks business and more than
two dozen radio stations.

REGULATION: Interstate Bakeries settles investigation

Kansas City, Mo. --- Interstate Bakeries Corp., the bankrupt maker of Twinkies
and Wonder bread, said Thursday it has agreed to settle a long-standing federal
investigation into its record-keeping and accounting practices. The company also
said it has been ordered by the Securities and Exchange Commission's Division of
Enforcement to file a year and a half of delinquent quarterly and annual reports
by Dec. 31 or its stock, already trading on the over-the-counter market, could
be delisted. Interstate Bakeries released restated annual and quarterly reports
for 2004 and 2005 last month but still hasn't released reports for the year
ending last May or reports for the current year.

RETAIL: Unilever's profit declines 48%

Unilever NV/PLC, the maker of Lipton tea and Dove soap, said Thursday its
third-quarter profit fell 48 percent after one-time gains from asset sales in
the year-ago period weren't repeated. Shares rose after the company also said it
would buy back 1.5 billion euros ($1.9 billion) worth of shares. Net profit came
to 737 million euros ($938 million), down from 1.42 billion euros in 2005, when
the Anglo-Dutch company sold its cosmetics division to Coty Inc. for $800
million. Sales rose 1.6 percent to 10.1 billion euros ($12.9 billion), due to
price rises and better ice cream sales in Europe. The figures were at the top
end of market forecasts, said Mirabaud Securities analyst Julian Lakin. The
shares closed 3.5 percent higher at 19.90 euros ($25.32) in Amsterdam. The
company had said it would return 500 million euros ($638.2 million) to
shareholders, but raised that figure by an additional 250 million euros ($319.1
million) after selling its European frozen foods business for a price at the top
end of its expectations.

TECHNOLOGY: Ex-Comverse exec enters guilty plea

New York --- The former general counsel of software company Comverse Technology
Inc. pleaded guilty to conspiracy Thursday. Prosecutors allege that William F.
Sorin was part of a plan to make stock options more lucrative by backdating
their exercise price to a low point in the stock's value. Usually, a stock
option's exercise price coincides with the market value at the time of a grant
to give the recipient an incentive to drive the price higher. He faces up to
five years in prison when he is sentenced on Feb. 9. "I deeply regret my
conduct," he told the court. The company's former chief financial officer, David
Kreinberg, pleaded guilty last week.

Vista for business to come out Nov. 30

Redmond, Wash. --- Microsoft Corp. has announced it will release the business
version of the long-anticipated update to its flagship operating system at an
event at the Nasdaq Stock Market on Nov. 30. In addition to Windows Vista, the
company said it also will release the Office 2007 software suite, which includes
word processing and spreadsheet programs, and Exchange Server 2007 for e-mail
and calendars. Plagued by a series of delays, Vista is the first Windows update
since 2001. Microsoft plans to make Vista and Office available to consumers in
January, though the company has said it would not hesitate to delay the system
again if any major problems crop up.

TELECOM: Verizon files to sell cable in N.J.

Verizon Communications Inc. on Thursday became the first company to file for
permission to sell cable TV in New Jersey under a new law that bypasses the
time-consuming process of obtaining a local cable franchise in every community.
Verizon, the state's dominant telephone company, sought state regulators'
approval to offer television in 316 New Jersey communities with 2.1 million
homes, or 70 percent of the state's households. It hopes to begin offering the
service in late December and have it available to 500,000 homes by March. The
Board of Public Utilities has 45 days to act on Verizon's application.

Cingular adds music offerings

Cingular Wireless has signed agreements with companies including Napster and XM
Satellite Radio that will allow customers to play more music on their
cellphones. Cingular users will be able to transfer songs they download for
monthly fees, the companies said Thursday. XM Satellite's service, which starts
Monday, will broadcast 25 music channels to handsets and cost $8.99 a month.
Cingular's chief competitors --- Verizon Communications and Sprint Nextel ---
also provide wireless music services. Cingular's new plan, called Cingular
Music, will offer songs from record company catalogs through Yahoo and Napster.
The monthly Napster subscription fee is $14.95, and the Yahoo fees start at
$11.99. The $8.99 XM fee is less than the regular $12.95 satellite subscription
rate because it includes only a sampling of music channels and no sports, talk
or other programs. Cingular already has a wireless music partnership with Apple
Computer's iTunes Music Store, which sells downloads. Cingular Wireless is a
joint venture of AT&T and BellSouth.

TRANSPORTATION: Judge grants Delta deadline extension

A bankruptcy judge granted Delta Air Lines Inc. a deadline extension to file its
plan of reorganization as it tries to emerge from Chapter 11 by the middle of
next year. The nation's third-largest airline now has until Feb. 15, 2007, to
file a plan and until April 16, 2007, to solicit approval for the plan from
creditors, according to a court document dated Oct. 31. It is the third
extension Delta has sought. The airline entered bankruptcy protection Sept. 14,
2005, amid industry problems stemming from tougher competition and higher fuel
costs. Delta is pursuing cost cuts as part of its overall plan to restructure.

UTILITIES / ENERGY: Constellation cuts scope of IPO

Constellation Energy Partners on Thursday reduced the number of units in its
upcoming initial public offering, according to an amended filing with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. The Baltimore-based oil and gas company cut
the IPO to 4.5 million common units representing Class B limited liability
company interests from 6.275 million units, according to the filing.
Constellation Energy is a limited liability company formed in February 2005 to
acquire coalbed methane reserves and production.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                  May 25, 2009

Metro expects $6M shortfall;
Authority, airlines to wrangle over cost-cutting

BYLINE: BILL SHEA

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0003

LENGTH: 856 words


The public authority that oversees and manages Detroit Metropolitan Airport is
forecasting a $6 million budget deficit if the current trend of declining
passenger traffic continues -- forcing additional belt-tightening.

Any Wayne County Airport Authority deficit is contractually made up by the
airlines that use Metro, and they in turn lean on the authority to further trim
costs.

The leaning could be extra hard on the authority this year because the global
economic crisis has severely curtailed air travel and airline revenue.

The authority faces a Catch-22 because its current $311 million budget is based
on passenger and flight projections provided by the airlines. When there's an
unexpected downturn, such as the current decline sparked by the economy, the
airport's budget is skewed, but not because of misspending.

"(The airlines) are asking the obvious: 'What can you do about it?'" said Thomas
Naughton, the authority's CFO. "We'll continue to look at various cost
containment options."

The authority, for example, launched an early retirement program this year that
aims to trim its full-time workforce from 750 jobs to 640 by fiscal 2010, and
has looked to cut health care and utility costs.

Airports nationally have been hit by revenue declines as airlines cut capacity
because of the economic downtown that's curtailed air travel, and because of
higher fuel costs and other factors.

"Every airport is down on average between 5 and 15 percent in emplanements. Some
are higher than 15 percent," said Pauline Armbrust, president and CEO of Airport
Revenue News, a Palm Beach Gardens, Fla.-based aviation trade magazine. "It's an
economic issue. For a lot of people and businesses, travel budgets have been
slashed."

If the revenue trends continue, it would be the third time since the authority
was established by the Legislature in 2002 that the airlines had to make up a
budget deficit.

"Airlines and airports are always at loggerheads at how money should be spent,"
Armbrust said. "There's going to be a little bit more friction on how money
should be spent because revenue is dropping."

The authority's airline revenue is generated by the fees it charges to land,
based on a particular aircraft's maximum gross landing weight.

Based on trends so far this fiscal year, Metro is projected to collect fees on
21.1 million pounds of landed weight, down from 23.4 million pounds last year
and from a peak of 25.9 million pounds in 2005, airport statistics show.

Northwest Airlines, Metro's largest carrier and now owned by Atlanta-based Delta
Air Lines Inc., last year accounted for 13.3 million pounds of landed weight,
which was 57.3 percent of the airport's total. Northwest's proportional
percentage of landed weight at the airport has steadily declined from 65.1
percent in 2002-03.

Delta, which reported a $794 million first-quarter loss and has been adding new
travel fees, with its Northwest and other subsidiaries at Metro would be on the
hook for about 80 percent of any deficit, Naughton said.

Two calls to Delta's media staff were not returned.

While the authority doesn't directly charge the airlines a per-passenger fee,
any decline in passengers affects other revenue streams, such as parking,
concessions, car rentals and the hotel -- known as non-airline revenue, the
airport's biggest source of income.

Non-airline revenue at Metro last year was $169 million, a slight decline from
the previous year. Non-airline revenue accounted for 43.4 percent of the
airport's revenue, halting six years of proportional budget growth.

The airport collects about $7 per passenger from parking, concessions and other
services, Naughton said. Passenger boardings last year declined to 17.8 million
from 18.1 million.

Airline landing fees, terminal rentals and facility-use fees accounted for
$121.7 million, or 31.2 percent of the airport's budget, reversing a declining
trend since the authority was established in 2002. That year, airline fees
brought in $107 million, which was 40.3 percent of Metro's budget.

Non-operating revenue, such as grants and certain ticket charges, brought in $99
million.

"It's a roller coaster ride. We have been struggling to contain costs and find
more efficient ways to deliver services using more cost-effective means,"
Naughton said.

The airport also continues to seek new revenue streams.

The seven-member authority -- made up of appointments by the governor, Oakland
County executive and commission -- recently authorized creation of an online
auction site, hosted by the Michigan Intergovernmental Trade Network, to sell
everything from lost personal items to computers and vehicles.

In March 2008, the authority contracted Rochester-based General Sports and
Entertainment L.L.C. to sell the name, sponsorships and related marketing for
the new $431 million north terminal, which opened in September.

Naming rights could potentially be worth $20 million to $40 million for the
north terminal.

"It could be worse, and there are places where it is worse, but in absolute
dollar terms, maybe not so acute as Detroit," said Robert Mann, owner of airline
industry consultants R.W. Mann & Co. in Port Washington, N.Y.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: db


                      Copyright 2009 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             May 27, 2006 Saturday

UnitedHealth has deep bench

BYLINE: DAVE BEAL

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 804 words


In business, as in baseball, it's always good to have a strong bench.

For sure, that's the case when a CEO becomes ensnarled in controversy, such as
has happened at UnitedHealth Group.

Suddenly this spring, it's become hard to understate the difficulties facing
this company and more particularly its CEO, William McGuire.After years of
widespread praise for his leadership, he has been tainted by allegations that he
backdated his stock-option grants to boost his gains. He might not survive.

But if that happens, the giant health insurer does have some good executives it
could turn to. One may not be so obvious: former Northwest AirlinesCEO Richard
Anderson,who now heads up a small UnitedHealth division.

Speculation about any successor to McGuire will irritate the company's top
executives. They would not comment for this column.

The company views such talk as unwarranted. A special committee of the board is
probing the matter, and it prefers that the world wait for the inquiry's results
rather than speculate on the outcome.

McGuire, who has presided over remarkable growth at UnitedHealth since becoming
chairman and CEO in 1991, has helped initiate sweeping changes at the company
since questions were raised about its stock option practices. The McGuire-led
board discontinued equity-based awards for the company's most senior and
longest-tenured executives; set guidelines to moderate equity-based pay for
those who still get stock grants; eliminated company-funded post-retirement
health insurance for McGuire, and cut the pay of its own directors by 40 percent
after a 20 percent cut last year.

Yet the cold reality is that all of this may not be enough to save McGuire's
job.

A federal prosecutor in New York has launched a criminal investigation of the
backdating allegations. Regulators are also investigating. The company faces a
dozen lawsuits.

UnitedHealth already has disclosed it could lose tax deductions for some
options, forcing restatements lowering earlier-reported earnings.

The company's stock, a super performer for years, has fallen 31 percent since
the start of the year. Much of the decline appears to be due to the stock-
options controversy.

Finally, McGuire has become a juicy target for critics of executive pay in
general, who point to the $1.6 billion in unexercised options he held at the end
of 2005. They argue that it's unseemly for an executive in the health care
industry to make so much when many millions of Americans can't afford adequate
medical care coverage.

Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, head of the nonprofit Chief Executive Leadership Instituteat
Yale University, has written extensively about CEOs. He is watching the stock
options backdating investigations unfold at a mounting number of companies
across the country.

Sonnenfeld praises UnitedHealth's board for acting quickly to curb excessive
executive pay provisions. He calls McGuire a visionary leader, good physician
and "otherwise honorable man."

"Otherwise," because big questions remain unanswered about the way McGuire
handled his stock options.

"It's pretty serious," Sonnenfeld says. "If the allegations are true, we have at
minimum massive civil violations.

"If the evidence is without question that he manipulated the dates, then you'd
have to be O.J.'s mathematician to forgive him."

That brings us back to the successor question and, more specifically, Richard
Anderson.

At first glance, it may appear like reaching too far down that management bench.
Anderson's a relative newcomer to the health insurance industry, having jumped
from the chief executive job at Northwest for UnitedHealth in October 2004.

Anderson is executive vice president of the company and heads up its Ingenixdata
management services unit. Ingenix is just a sliver of UnitedHealth, accounting
for less than $800 million of its more than $45 billion in revenue last year.

But by some accounts, Anderson is the company's third-ranking executive, behind
McGuire and Stephen Hemsley, its president and chief operating officer. Hemsley,
however, also is a defendant in several options-related shareholder lawsuits.

Anderson, a Texas native and former trial lawyer, joined Northwest in 1990 and
was named CEO in April 2001, just six months before the events of 9/11 sent the
entire airline industry into turmoil. He led Northwest through that, and
launched an ambitious restructuring in a regulated industry.

Anderson is seasoned at operating in the spotlight. He knows how to handle the
media, public policymakers, Wall Street and other constituencies. Unlike many
CEOs, Anderson's not afraid to open himself up to questions and even criticism.

If the mounting options controversy ends up sweeping McGuire out of the company,
UnitedHealth will need experience like that at the top more than ever.

Dave Beal can be reached at dbeal@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5429.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                July 16, 2004 Friday Five Star Late Lift Edition

U.S. DIGEST

BYLINE: FROM NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: NEWS; U.S. Digest; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 679 words


PHILADELPHIA Drug firm reportedly settles Medicaid case

The drug giant Schering-Plough has agreed to pay $350 million in fines and plead
guilty to criminal charges that it cheated the federal Medicaid program,
according to people close to the negotiations.

The settlement, expected to be announced next week with federal prosecutors in
Philadelphia, stems from a six-year investigation prompted by three
whistle-blowers who accused Schering-Plough of selling its products to private
health care providers for far less than it sold them to Medicaid. Federal law
requires drugmakers to offer their lowest prices to Medicaid, the federal and
state health program for the poor.

Schering-Plough is expected to admit that it gave grants to the private
providers to conduct patient education and marketing programs as part of a
kickback scheme to induce them to buy Schering-Plough's drugs at relatively high
prices. Schering-Plough then billed Medicaid officials at these high prices --
without giving the offsetting grants.

GOLDEN, Colo. Demolition begins at tainted building

Demolition began Thursday on what has been called "the most dangerous building
in America," where workers at the Rocky Flats nuclear plant once handled highly
radioactive plutonium used in triggers for nuclear weapons.

Leaks, spills and a 1957 fire plagued the building, and part of it was closed 30
years ago because radiation levels were off the charts.

The building was called the workhorse of the weapons factory, 16 miles northwest
of Denver. The Department of Energy also called the building its "greatest
vulnerability" in 1994 because of the buildup of contamination over five
decades.

LAS VEGAS Monorail's opening goes off smoothly

Las Vegas launched on Thursday a $650 million monorail.

The fully automated, four-car trains zoomed around the 3.9-mile, Z-shaped track,
depositing passengers at various hotel-casino stations without any major
problems.

VANDENBERG AFB, Calif. NASA launches satellite into orbit

NASA's satellite Aura was launched into orbit early Thursday on a $785 million
mission to study Earth's atmosphere.

A two-stage Boeing Delta II rocket carrying the satellite roared off the
launching pad at the coastal base just before 3:02 a.m. The satellite separated
from the rocket about an hour later and entered orbit 438 miles above Earth.

Aura's mission is to improve understanding of how pollutants spread globally, to
determine whether the stratospheric ozone layer, which blocks harmful
ultraviolet radiation, is recovering from depletion by manmade chemicals. It
will also study how Earth's climate is changing as its atmosphere is altered.

NEW YORK Steinbeck's heirs sue 3rd wife over royalties

John Steinbeck's surviving blood heirs are suing the estate of his third wife,
Elaine Steinbeck, alleging a "30-year hidden conspiracy" to cheat them of
royalties and copyright control.

The late writer's son, Thomas Steinbeck, and granddaughter, Blake Smyle, filed
suit Thursday in U.S. District Court in New York, seeking greater ownership of
"The Grapes of Wrath" and other Steinbeck classics and monetary damages of at
least $18 million.

Defendants include McIntosh & Otis Inc., a literary agency that handles John
Steinbeck's literary estate; two sisters of Elaine Steinbeck; Elaine Steinbeck's
daughter from a previous marriage; and four grandchildren.

WASHINGTON U.S. moves to relax gray wolf protection

The Interior Department is proposing to lift endangered-species protection for
the gray wolf across much of the country, although the animals will remain
"threatened" and shielded by federal law in the West, officials said Thursday.

Interior Secretary Gale Norton planned to make the announcement today in
Minnesota, which has the largest U.S. wolf population outside Alaska.

The gray wolf was nearly extinct in the lower 48 states in the 1950s. The
proposal calls for taking it out from under federal protection in Minnesota,
Wisconsin and Michigan -- where there are some 3,000 wolves -- as well as in New
England.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      July 4, 2000, Tuesday, Home Edition

DAILY BRIEFING

BYLINE: Staff reports and news services

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business; Pg. 2F

LENGTH: 2107 words

> Denotes item of particular local interest.

Advertising: Atlanta ad agency receives Army account
> Army Secretary Louis Caldera named Leo Burnett Worldwide as the service's new
advertising agency but also selected Atlanta-based Images USA as a
subcontractor. Images USA will develop copy, advertising, public relations and
promotional campaigns targeting African-Americans.

Deals: Wackenhut Corrections wins federal contract
Palm Beach Gardens, Fla. --- Wackenhut Corrections Corp., a private prison owner
and operator, won a $ 140 million contract from the U.S. Marshals Service to
house detainees at a San Diego facility. Palm Beach Gardens-based Wackenhut said
the contract is for one year, with four option years. The company will house as
many as 616 adult federal detainees at its 876-bed Western Region Detention
Facility. Wackenhut recently spent $ 26.5 million to renovate the San Diego
prison. With the contract, Wackenhut is now contracted to house 5,300 detainees
and prisoners for U.S. federal agencies in seven different prisons.

Economy: Clark Atlanta receives economic center grant
> Clark Atlanta University has received a grant of $ 118,500 from the Department
of Commerce. The grant is for the continued operation of the University Center
economic development assistance program. The program provides technical
assistance, applied research, training and information to businesses, local
governments and community organizations in Georgia. The university center
actively supports minority businesses and small towns.

Discount rates rise in Treasury bill auction
Washington --- The Treasury Department sold $ 8.5 billion in three-month bills
at a discount rate of 5.83 percent, up from 5.68 percent last week. An
additional $ 7.5 billion was sold in six-month bills at a rate of 5.975 percent,
up from 5.955 percent. The new discount rates understate the actual return to
investors --- 6.001 percent for three-month bills, with a $ 10,000 bill selling
for $ 9,852.60, and 6.247 percent for a six-month bill selling for $ 9,697.90.
In a separate report, the Federal Reserve said Monday that the average yield for
one-year Treasury bills, the most popular index for making changes in
adjustable-rate mortgages, fell to 6.13 percent last week from 6.15 percent the
previous week.

Finance: Mutual fund group seeks proposal changes
Washington --- The trade group for the nation's multitrillion-dollar mutual fund
industry called for major revisions to a federal proposal that would require
funds to disclose after-tax performance to investors. The Investment Company
Institute --- whose members account for roughly 95 percent, or $ 7 trillion, in
mutual fund industry assets --- said ''on balance'' it supports the Securities
and Exchange Commission rule, although ICI argued that ''significant
modifications'' are needed. ICI is among dozens of groups and individuals filing
comments on a March 15 SEC proposal that funds disclose after-tax consequences
for investors in prospectuses and annual reports. Funds would have to display
one-, five- and 10-year after-tax returns on investments in a standardized table
designed to let investors compare the returns of different funds.

Judge rules Calif. cities can't bar ATM fees
San Francisco --- Two California cities can't prohibit Bank of America Corp. ,
Wells Fargo & Co. and other banks from charging non-customers to use automated
teller machines, a U.S. judge ruled. The decision by U.S. District Judge Vaughn
Walker bars the cities of San Francisco and Santa Monica from enforcing
ordinances passed last year. The banks and an industry trade group sued the
cities in November, claiming the municipal laws conflict with power the federal
government has granted to banks. San Francisco City Attorney Louise Renne said
the ruling was expected and ''we are looking forward to presenting our case for
consumer protections to the court of appeals.''

Health care: Ga. Medicare cuts to exceed $ 3 billion
> Georgia hospitals will see Medicare cuts exceeding $ 3 billion between 1998
and 2004 as a result of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. According to the
Washington-based Lewin Group, the impact will be felt in hospital bankruptcies
and closures. In 1998, the projection was that 48 percent of Georgia hospitals
would lose money on Medicare in 2002. The Lewin Group now projects that 62
percent of those hospitals will lose money by 2004.

Hamilton Scientific to buy software firm
Roseland, N.J. --- Hamilton Scientific, which is developing Internet products
for medical practices, said it bought closely held Integrated Physician Services
LLC. Terms weren't disclosed. Integrated's software processes claims and manages
medical bills and collections online. Hamilton develops products used for
Internet medical billing and collections, online patient charts and referral
management. Closely held Hamilton is based in Roseland.

Media: CNN to provide Net wireless service in Japan
> Turner Broadcasting System announced a deal for CNN's Internet unit to provide
information via special wireless phones used by more than 8.2 million
subscribers in Japan. The agreement is with Japan's largest mobile
communications company, NTT DoCoMo. Specially packaged CNN news will be
available in English and Japanese to users of the i-mode phones, which provide
continuous Internet connections. NTT DoCoMo's i-mode users will be able to
access information for free until Aug. 1. After that, headlines will be free,
but to receive full stories users will have to pay a monthly fee of about $
2.84. Atlanta-based TBS will get a share of the revenue, according to the
company. It will be the first time for CNN that users will be charged to receive
its news with wireless phones.

Excite At Home seeks to end Cablevision deal
> Washington --- Excite At Home wants to nullify distribution agreements it made
with Cablevision Systems Corp. and cancel the cable television provider's rights
to buy new shares of Excite At Home stock before they are offered to the public.
On Monday, Excite At Home filed counterclaims with the Securities and Exchange
Commission against Cablevision, which filed a lawsuit on June 19 to block AT&T
Corp.'s plans to boost its interest in Excite At Home. Under the counterclaims,
Excite At Home is seeking monetary damages and an order requiring Cablevision to
comply with its distribution agreement with Excite At Home, the nation's biggest
provider of high-speed Internet access. AT&T currently owns a 56 percent voting
stake in Excite At Home and wants to boost that to 74 percent in a deal in which
it would acquire Excite At Home stock held by Comcast Corp. and Cox
Communications Inc. In its lawsuit, Cablevision claimed AT&T made the deal
without its consent. Comcast, Cox and Excite At Home are all defendants in the
case. The court has scheduled the trial for September 2000. Cox Communications
is controlled by Cox Enterprises, which owns The Atlanta Journal-Constitution.

People: Justice names chief of economic analysis
Washington --- The Justice Department's Antitrust Division on Monday announced
the naming of Joseph Farrell as deputy assistant attorney general for economic
analysis. Farrell, a professor of economics at the University of California at
Berkeley, previously was chief economist for the Federal Communications
Commission and taught at Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  His doctorate
in economics is from Oxford University. In his new job, Farrell will supervise
all economic analysis within the Antitrust Division and direct its Economic
Analysis Group.

Retail: May Department Stores to buy David's Bridal
St. Louis --- May Department Stores Co. agreed to buy David's Bridal Inc. for $
436 million to link its bridal registry with the biggest U.S. wedding- gown
retailer. May plans to tie its gift registry business to David's Bridal's 110
stores that sell wedding gowns and accessories. The move may help draw younger
consumers to May's department stores, which are competing with specialty chains
such as AnnTaylor Stores.

Technology: Microsoft beefs up its defense team
Seattle --- Microsoft Corp. has strengthened its legal team to appeal a federal
judge's finding that the company violated antitrust laws. Carter Phillips and
his Washington law firm, Sildey & Austin, will assist Microsoft in arguing that
its appeal should be argued first before the U.S. Court of Appeals instead of
the Supreme Court. The Justice Department has requested that the nation's
highest court hear the Microsoft case right away, avoiding the U.S. Court of
Appeals in the interest of time. The lower court also has sided with Microsoft
in past cases. Microsoft is challenging U.S. District Judge Thomas Penfield
Jackson's order to break the company into two parts --- one for the Windows
operating system and the other for Microsoft Office software, the company's
online properties and other software products. Microsoft spokesman Jim Cullinan
said that the company's lead counsel, Sullivan & Cromwell, will continue to head
the defense.

Napster files defense, says it's within law
San Francisco --- Napster Inc. filed court documents Monday, saying the company
should not be shut down because users of its popular song-swapping software are
protected by federal law that allows copying music for personal use. ''I don't
know of any case that holds that the noncommercial sharing, one-to-one, from one
consumer to another, is unlawful,'' Napster attorney David Boies said. Napster's
brief responds to the Recording Industry Association of America's request for a
preliminary injunction to shut down Napster until the association's lawsuit
against the San Mateo, Calif., company is resolved. The recording industry group
sued Napster on behalf of its members in December. The suit alleges that
Napster's service aids large- scale copyright infringement by allowing users to
search for and trade music for free using the company's MusicShare software.

Sony group planning digital TV services
Tokyo --- Three major Japanese electronics companies, including Sony Corp., are
planning a joint venture to develop interactive services for digital television,
a Sony spokesman said Monday. Japanese media reports say that the new venture
will be set up this fall and develop a wide range of services for digital TV,
including teleshopping and on-demand music and video games.


Transportation: Delta in spotlight over death of 475 animals
> Federal inspectors say nearly 500 small animals died last summer because Delta
Air Lines didn't check on the animals when they passed through Cincinnati. The
charges, filed by the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service of the
Department of Agriculture, stem from three commercial shipments of hamsters,
rabbits and gerbils that were shipped by Delta through Cincinnati/Northern
Kentucky International Airport on June 13, 1999. When the shipments arrived at
their destinations, 475 of the animals were dead, the government said. In
addition to the alleged violations in Cincinnati, Delta also violated the Animal
Welfare Act by accepting the animals too long before their flight departed from
Tampa, said spokeswoman Laura Sanchez of the Animal and Plant Health Inspection
Service. ''Delta has taken aggressive measures to make sure that all guidelines
of the USDA are being strictly followed,'' said Delta spokeswoman Cindi
Kurczewski in Atlanta.

AMR to raise fuel surcharge on air freight
Fort Worth, Texas --- Citing rising fuel costs, the cargo division of AMR
Corp.'s American Airlines on Monday said it would raise the fuel surcharge on
air freight by 5 cents per kilogram. The higher fee will apply to international
cargo flights originating in the United States. "This limited adjustment will
allow the company to maintain current service levels in the face of continued,
rising fuel costs worldwide,'' spokesman Mark Najarian said.

Three top automakers suffer drop in sales
> Detroit --- General Motors, Ford and DaimlerChrysler U.S. auto sales fell more
than forecast in June as buyers opted for cars made by Japanese and European
rivals and consumers stepped back from the year's earlier buying spree. Sales of
North American-built cars and trucks fell 5.8 percent at GM and 3.1 percent at
Ford. DaimlerChrysler, beset by an aging minivan lineup, said its sales
excluding Mercedes-Benz fell 9.8 percent. The results by the three biggest
automakers in the United States pulled industrywide sales down an estimated 1.4
percent, even as Toyota, Honda and Volkswagen made gains.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                            January 12, 2014 Sunday

PEOPLE IN THE NEWS

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 422 words


Halvorson earns advanced degree

Sacred Heart-Griffin High School alum Angela Marie Halvorson graduated from Park
University Kansas City Area Dec. 14.

Halvorson received her Master of Public Affairs with a focus on nonprofit and
community service and a graduate certificate in health care/health services
management and leadership.

Ralph to study in England

University of Evansville student Madison Ralph of Springfield will spend the
spring 2014 semester studying abroad at Harlaxton College, UE's British campus
near Grantham, England.

Ralph, who is majoring in biology, is among 172 students who will begin classes
Monday at Harlaxton, housed in a 120-room Victorian manor in the East Midlands
countryside.

McDermott graduates from boot camp

Jacob McDermott of Springfield graduated from United States Marine Corps boot
camp at Marine Corps Recruit Depot San Diego on Nov. 27.

McDermott successfully completed 13 weeks of intensive basic training at MCRD
San Diego as one of 78 recruits in 1st Battalion, Platoon 1065, Delta Company.
Following 10 days of leave, he reported to the local Marine Corps recruiting
office for 28 days of duty as a recruiter's assistant. After that he will report
to Camp Pendleton for Military Combat Training, then report to his MOS in
Pensacola for training as an air crewman.

Marley named to dean's list

Megan Marley of Nokomis was named to Benedictine College's dean list for the
fall semester of 2013.

Full-time students carrying a minimum of 12 hours and a GPA of 3.5 to 3.9 are
named to the dean's list.

Rolf graduates with honors

Kathy Rolf, a 2009 Springfield High alum, graduated with honors in May from the
University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill.

She earned a Bachelor of Arts in Mathematics, a Bachelor of Arts in Economics
and a Business minor. Rolf is attending Vanderbilt University's Masters of
Accountancy in Valuation program.

Robinson earns University of Nevada scholarship

Olivia Robinson has received the Presidential Scholarship from the University of
Nevada at Reno for the 2014-15 academic year.

Olivia is the daughter of Rob and Jill Robinson of Springfield. She will be a
2014 graduate of Pleasant Plains High School.

Brosseau receives national scholarship

Alexander T. Brosseau, a Springfield Southeast High School student, received a
2014 Horatio Alger National Scholarship.

Brosseau, of Divernon, was one of 106 students to receive the scholarship. The
Horatio Alger National Scholarship is one of the nation's largest privately
funded, need-based financial aid programs.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              March 4, 2012 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. T03

LENGTH: 1342 words


Here's how members of Congress voted on major issues last week, according to
Voterama in Congress,

House

FOR-PROFIT COLLEGES

For: 303/Against: 114

The House sent the Senate a bill (HR 2117) to repeal new Department of Education
rules governing for- profit colleges and universities. One rule requires such
institutions to meet accreditation requirements in each state in which they have
students and establishes state-by-state processes for handling student
complaints. Another rule targeted by the bill sets a uniform definition of what
constitutes a credit hour for purposes of allocating federal financial aid. The
rules are scheduled to take effect in July 2014. For-profit schools, many of
which specialize in online or "distance" degree programs, account for 11 percent
of U.S. higher-education students and rely heavily on federally backed student
loans and federal grants for their revenue. Their students receive about
one-quarter of all student loans and make up 43 percent of those who default on
such loans, according to the Department of Education. Some of the best- known
for-profit institutions are Capella, Kaplan and DeVry universities and the
University of Phoenix. A yes vote was to pass the bill.
leftcenter67.23%MARYLAND  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%N
                          Y                N                V
leftcenter67.23%Bartlett  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(R)                       g
leftcenter67.23%Cummings  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(D)                                        g
leftcenter67.23%Edwards   leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(D)                                        g
leftcenter67.23%Harris    leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(R)                       g
leftcenter67.23%Hoyer (D) leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
                                           g
leftcenter67.23%Ruppersbe leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
rger (D)                  g
leftcenter67.23%Sarbanes  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(D)                                        g
leftcenter67.23%Van       leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
Hollen (D)                                 g

leftcenter67.23%VIRGINIA  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%N
                          Y                N                V
leftcenter67.23%Cantor    leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(R)                       g
leftcenter67.23%Connolly  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(D)                       g
leftcenter67.23%Moran (D) leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
                                           g
leftcenter67.23%Wittman   leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(R)                       g
leftcenter67.23%Wolf (R)  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
                          g

STUDENT GRIEVANCES

For: 170/Against: 247

The House rejected the creation of a formal process by which students could file
grievances with state education officials against for-profit colleges and
universities. The process would give students a channel for venting complaints
over matters such as quality of instruction and financial aid disputes. The
bill's opponents said state accrediting agencies are already set up to hear such
complaints. As a result of this vote, the Department of Education's new rule
requiring state-by-state complaint procedures would be repealed as part of HR
2117 (above).

A yes vote backed the new rule for handling student complaints.
leftcenter67.23%MARYLAND  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%N
                          Y                N                V
leftcenter67.23%Bartlett  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(R)                                        g
leftcenter67.23%Cummings  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(D)                       g
leftcenter67.23%Edwards   leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(D)                       g
leftcenter67.23%Harris    leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(R)                                        g
leftcenter67.23%Hoyer (D) leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
                          g
leftcenter67.23%Ruppersbe leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
rger (D)                  g
leftcenter67.23%Sarbanes  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(D)                       g
leftcenter67.23%Van       leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
Hollen (D)                g

leftcenter67.23%VIRGINIA  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%N
                          Y                N                V
leftcenter67.23%Cantor    leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(R)                                        g
leftcenter67.23%Connolly  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(D)                       g
leftcenter67.23%Moran (D) leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
                          g
leftcenter67.23%Wittman   leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(R)                                        g
leftcenter67.23%Wolf (R)  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
                                           g


CALIFORNIA WATER DISPUTE

For: 246/Against: 175

The House sent the Senate a bill (HR 1837) that would override or weaken
California and federal laws and compacts for allocating San Joaquin River water
in the Central Valley and the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta. The bill would
direct more water to agricultural users in the Central Valley and less to the
benefit of farming in the delta and fishing, environmental and recreational
interests in other parts of California and in Oregon. The bill would override
the federal Central Valley Project Improvement Act and undercut the San Joaquin
River Settlement, a pact between environmentalists and farmers aimed at boosting
salmon populations in California and Oregon. The bill would extend the duration
of irrigation contracts from 25 to 40 years and reinstate a 1994 agreement, the
Bay-Delta Accord, which environmentalists and salmon-fishing interests have
since turned against. A yes vote was to pass the bill.
leftcenter67.23%MARYLAND  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%N
                          Y                N                V
leftcenter67.23%Bartlett  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(R)                       g
leftcenter67.23%Cummings  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(D)                                        g
leftcenter67.23%Edwards   leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(D)                                        g
leftcenter67.23%Harris    leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(R)                       g
leftcenter67.23%Hoyer (D) leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
                                           g
leftcenter67.23%Ruppersbe leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
rger (D)                                   g
leftcenter67.23%Sarbanes  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(D)                                        g
leftcenter67.23%Van       leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
Hollen (D)                                 g

leftcenter67.23%VIRGINIA  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%N
                          Y                N                V
leftcenter67.23%Cantor    leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(R)                       g
leftcenter67.23%Connolly  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(D)                                        g
leftcenter67.23%Moran (D) leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
                                           g
leftcenter67.23%Wittman   leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(R)                       g
leftcenter67.23%Wolf (R)  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
                          g


SENATE

HEALTH CARE AND RELIGION

For: 51/Against: 48

The Senate tabled (killed) an amendment enabling employers and insurance firms
to refuse to insure any medical procedure, item or device that conflicts with
their "religious beliefs and moral convictions." Although debate focused on
contraceptive care and women's health, both sides agreed the amendment was broad
enough to allow denials for any type of care, including preventive services,
specified as Essential Health Benefits in the 2010 Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act. Starting in 2014, those benefits must be covered by
Medicaid and by policies sold in the state insurance exchanges that form the
core of the 2010 health law.

The administration has exempted religious institutions from having to offer
services such as contraceptive care that would conflict with tenets of their
faith. Instead, insurance companies for these institutions must provide and pay
for theologically objectionable services. The administration says there will be
no cost to insurers because by covering preventive care, they will save money in
the long run. This amendment, which was offered to a pending transportation bill
(S 1813), went one step further by providing any employer or insurance firm the
same opt-out privilege the administration has granted to religious institutions.
A yes vote was to kill the amendment.
leftcenter67.23%MARYLAND  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%N
                          Y                N                V
leftcenter67.23%Cardin    leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(D)                       g
leftcenter67.23%Mikulski  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(D)                       g

leftcenter67.23%VIRGINIA  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%N
                          Y                N                V
leftcenter67.23%Warner    leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
(D)                       g
leftcenter67.23%Webb (D)  leftcenter10.29% leftcenter11.38% leftcenter11.1%
                          g

2012, Thomas Voting Reports

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Prince William County

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            October 16, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Moves

BYLINE: Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Keeping Track; Pg. F5

LENGTH: 525  words


Envision Financial named Tim Mackie (1) assistant vice-president, general
manager of its subsidiary Envision Insurance Services. He was previously
assistant vice-president, regional manager Delta/South Surrey.

General manager Dave Sukic (2) was promoted to director of community services at
Genesis Security. He is responsible for the Genesis Community Patrol which
operates in the Kerrisdale, Dunbar and Shaughnessy neighbourhoods.

Galdos Systems appointed Jim Farley (3) vice-president to lead its sales and
strategic marketing group. He has moved from Leica Geosystems. Galdos targets
the Spacial Data Infrastructures market.

Elected to the 2006 board of the College of Registered Nurses of B.C. were
president Karen Irving (4) of Kamloops, president-elect Val Cartmel, Arleigh
Bell, Colleen Chapman and Pam Ratner of the Vancouver area, Robyn Austin of
Lantzville, Gayle Carriere of Kamloops, Barbara Crook of Mackenzie, Norma Hawrys
of Powell River, Julie Matear of Victoria, Karyn Morash of Fernie and Lynne
Price of Terrace. Public representatives, appointed by the Ministry of Health,
include Michael Alexandor, Michael Chan and Maureen McKeon Holmes of the
Vancouver area, Marilyn Clark of Sorrento, Lorraine Grant of Prince George and
Ken Mennell of Vernon.

Realtor Shirley Teh (5) has joined Royal LePage Westside.

Dianne Doyle (6) was named president and chief executive officer of Providence
Health Care. She was previously vice-president of PHC's Medicine & Ambulatory,
Surgery & Acute Services programs.

On the 2006-07 board of Family Services of Greater Vancouver are Craig Lindsay
(president), Bradley Armstrong (past president), Peter Kafka (vice-president),
Anthony Ostler (treasurer), Gabrielle Campbell (secretary), Nicole Bradbury and
Ruby Turner (members-at-large) and Lisette Baker, Karen Choi, Axel Christiansen,
David Fushtey, Neil Hershfield, Massood Joomratty, Neil MacKay and Heather
Prittie (directors).

Elected to the board of THEO B.C. (Training for Health and Employment
Opportunities, B.C.) were Andrew Walker of Philips Hager North and Cindy
Oxenbury of Book Warehouse. Chair Rich Patterson of Patterson Brands was
re-elected. Also on the board are vice-chair Carrie Gadsby and directors Dave
Fearncombe, Dave Wood and Don Rolfe. The non-profit organization provides
education and job readiness programs to mental health and multi-barrier
consumers.

Jim Gammer of Macdonald Commercial Real Estate Services in Surrey is the new
chair-elect of the Canadian Commercial Council of Realtors of the Canadian Real
Estate Association.

Appointed to volunteer boards, through Volunteer Vancouver's BoardMatch
Fundamentals service, were Deborah Zibrik of UBC's pediatrics department, Tamara
Kennedy-MacDonald of the Fraser Health Authority and Anar Popatia of Assante
Wealth Management (Canadian Society of Intestinal Research), Shirin Eshghi of
the Vancouver Public Library (Women Against Violence Against Women), Shermin
Shamji of the AWARE Society (Canadian Mental Health Association-Simon Fraser
branch), Katryn Harris of Open Box Integration (Vancouver Bach Choir) and Kate
Harrington of Rogers Communications (B.C. Disability Sports).

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Tim Mackie;
Photo: Dave Sukic;
Photo: Jim Farley;
Photo: Karen Irving;
Photo: Shirley Teh;
Photo: Dianne Doyle

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - History

                                 March 8, 2017

                                 Sutter Health

                             2200 River Plaza Drive
                                Sacramento 95833
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * HISTORY * * * * * * * * * *


2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   In April, Sutter Health entered into a multi-year partnership agreement with
the Oakland Athletics, under which the organization promotes health and wellness
initiatives, including a new youth wellness program.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   In January 2016, Sutter Health signed an exclusive healthcare and official
Jersey partnership agreement with San Jose Earthquakes.

2016 - Contracts/Agreements

   In January, QPID Health was selected by Sutter Health to implement QPID
software solutions.

2016 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In April, the organization opened three Sutter Walk-In Care locations in the
greater Sacramento area.

2016 - Financing Agreements

   In April, Augmedix raised US$17 million in a strategic round, led by Sutter
Health, Dignity Health, Catholic Health Initiatives (CHI), and TriHealth Inc.

2016 - Research Grant

   In November, Sutter Health received $1.2 million grant by California
Initiative to advance precision medicine.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In June, CVS Health entered into new clinical affiliations with Sutter
Health, Millennium Physician Group, Bryan Health Connect and Mount Kisco Medical
Group to help enhance access to high-quality, affordable health care services
for patients.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In June, the company entered into an agreement with CVS/pharmacy and
MinuteClinic to increase access to care and help improve medication adherence
for patients.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In May, Boehringer Ingelheim and Sutter Health entered into a five-year
research and health care innovation collaboration, to explore and test the value
of digital health solutions, mobile technologies and insights from advanced data
analytics in the delivery of health care.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In May, Sutter Health and AstraZeneca entered into a research collaboration,
to transform care for diabetes and other cardiometabolic conditions.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In September, National Research Corporation partnered with Sutter Health , to
improve the Patient Experience.

2015 - Contracts/Agreements

   In September, Sutter Health and National Research Corporation entered into an
agreement to improve the patient experience.

2015 - Corporate Awards

   In March, Sutter Medical Center, Sacramento (SMCS) and Sutter Tracy Community
Hospital (STCH) were recognized as '100 Top Hospitals' in Nation.

2015 - Corporate Awards

   In November, Sutter Health received the Earn Eagle Award from Disability
Rights Advocates.

2015 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In March, Sutter Health expanded its health plan to Sonoma County.

2014 - Contracts/Agreements

   In August, the company collaborated with AVIA to address Healthcare's most
pressing challenges.

2014 - Corporate Awards

   In December, Sutter Health's five campuses were awarded 2014 Top Hospital
Distinction by The Leapfrog Group.

2014 - Corporate Awards

   In July, Sutter Health hospitals were honored by the US News & World Report
as high performers.

2014 - Corporate Awards

   In July, Sutter Health's six physician organizations received Elite honors
from the California Association of Physician Groups' (CAPG) Standards of
Excellence Survey.

2014 - Corporate Awards

   In May, Sutter Health's five hospitals received Stroke Gold-Plus Quality
Achievement Award for stroke care.

2014 - Corporate Awards

   In October, Sutter Health was recognized as a top 10 Bold healthcare
organization by The National Center for Healthcare Leadership for its excellence
in its leadership development practices to improve healthcare.

2014 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In January, Sutter Health invested in MDLIVE, a nationally respected provider
of telehealth services for consumers, employers, health plans, hospitals and
physician organizations.

2014 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In October, Sutter Health opened its new hospital, Sutter Santa Rosa Regional
Hospital.

2014 - Others

   In April, the organization connected one million patients through its patient
portal, My Health Online.

2014 - Others

   In June, Sutter Health invested US$11.5 million in patient safety equipment.

2014 - Others

   In June, the organization implemented health information exchange system.

2014 - Plans/Strategy

   In August, Sutter Gould Medical Foundation planned to open their new care
center at 3100 W. Christoffersen Parkway in Turlock, replacing their existing
clinic at 1015 E. Main Street.

2013 - Contracts/Agreements

   In December, Sutter Health entered into a multi-year agreement with Anthem
Blue Cross to to continue as part of the Anthem network.

2013 - Corporate Awards

   In February, Sutter Davis Hospital received Governor's Award for Performance
Excellence.

2013 - Corporate Awards

   In February, Sutter Medical Center, Sacramento (SMCS) and Sutter Davis
Hospital were recognized as two of the nation's 100 Top Hospitals.

2013 - Corporate Awards

   In November, Sutter Davis Hospital was awarded the prestigious Malcolm
Baldrige National Quality Award for performance excellence through innovation,
leadership and improvement.

2013 - Corporate Awards

   In November, Sutter Health hospitals were recognized for quality care.

2013 - Corporate Awards

   In November, Sutter Health's MyLifeStages was recognized at the annual
eHealthcare Leadership Awards with the Gold Award in the category of Best
Overall Internet Site in the Consumer General Health category.

2013 - Corporate Awards

   In October, Sutter Health was awarded CHIME's 2013 Innovator of the Year
Award.

2013 - Corporate Awards

   In September, Sutter Health's six physician organizations were honored for
quality healthcare.

2013 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   In February, the company announced that its new San Carlos Center will be
opened in in the Fall of 2014.

2013 - Litigation

   In November, the organization reached an out-of-court agreement in a case
related to its method of billing anesthesia services.

2013 - New Products/Services

   In August, the organization launched innovative advanced care program in
Stanislaus, San Joaquin, and Merced counties.

2013 - New Products/Services

   In June, the organization launched innovative advanced care program in
portions of El Dorado and Placer counties.

2013 - New Products/Services

   In June, the organization named its new health plan as Sutter Health Plus.

2013 - Others

   In April, the organization implemented its electronic health record at Alta
Bates Summit Medical Center.

2013 - Others

   In March, the organization expanded its Advanced Illness Management program
to Greater Bay area.

2013 - Research Grant

   In October, Sutter Health, Geisinger Health System and IBM Research were
awarded a joint research grant of US$2 million from the National Institutes of
Health to develop sophisticated big data analytics and application methods which
could help doctors detect heart failure sooner than it is possible now.

2012 - New Products/Services

   In January, the company launched a new hybrid operating room to offer
advanced cardiac services in the Memorial Medical Center.

2010 - Contracts/Agreements

   Sutter Health partnered with Brown & Toland Physicians, a leading physician
organizations in San Francisco.

2010 - Contracts/Agreements

   Sutter Health partnered with Marin Community Foundation to increase the
availability of primary health care services for Marin County residents.

2010 - Corporate Awards

   Sutter Health's ten affiliated hospitals were awarded "Certificate of
Excellence for Quality Care from California Hospital Assessment and Reporting
Task Force (CHART).

2010 - New Products/Services

   Sutter Health launched electronic health record system for the instant access
of patient's database.

2010 - Others

   Sutter Health transfered the operations of Marin General Hospital (MGH) to
the Marin Healthcare District (MHD).

2009 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Sutter VNA & Hospice has Acquired Cohen Cormier Home Care & Care Management.

2009 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Sutter VNA & Hospice, affilate of sutter health and home care services
provider acquired Cohen Cormier Home Care & Care Management.

2009 - Corporate Awards

   SDI Health, the health care research firm ranked Sutter Health fifth among
the "Top 100" integrated health care networks in the United States.

2009 - Corporate Awards

   Ten hospitals affiliated with Sutter Health received the prestigious
Certificate of Excellence from the California Hospital Assessment and Reporting
Task Force.

2009 - Corporate Awards

   The Integrated Health Care Association honored five Sutter Health-aligned
medical groups as top performers for excellence in preventive care, chronic
disease management, patient satisfaction and use of information technology.

2009 - Corporate Awards

   The Lewin Group ranked Sutter Health as the top health care system in
California for quality.

2008 - Corporate Awards

   The Breast Diagnostic Center of Marin received Breast Imaging Center of
Excellence by the American College of Radiology.

2008 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   Sutter Health and Rite Aid opened first Sutter Express Care Medical Clinic in
Natomas.

2008 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   The company opened a new breast health center at Alta Bates Summit Medical
Center and a new state-of-the-art Surgical Simulation Education Center.

2008 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   The hospital opened inpatient acute rehabilitation center in Sacramento
Region.

2008 - New Products/Services

   Sutter Health launched a Northern California physician network with more than
3,000 primary care and specialist physicians to provide patients with more
convenient access to consistently high-quality health care services.

2008 - Others

   California Pacific Medical Center is named in the Top US hospitals.

2008 - Others

   The hospital opened inpatient acute rehabilitation center in Sacramento
Region.

2007 - Contracts/Agreements

   Sutter Health formed a joint venture to operate and develop surgery centers.

2007 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   Two Sutter Health affiliates named as nation's top hospitals.

2006 - Others

   Seven Sutter Health affiliates earned top status in California for
outstanding patient safety & health care quality.

2005 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Sutter Health was ranked 8th among the Top 100 integrated networks identified
by Verispan, a Chicago-based research firm.

2002 - Corporate Awards

   Sutter Health has been selected as one of Computerworld's Premier 100 IT
leaders for 2002.

1999 - Corporate Changes/Expansions

   Sutter Connect was created as a new Sutter Health entity that integrates
managed care administrative services.

1998 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Eden Medical Center affiliated with Sutter Health.

1997 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Sutter Medical Foundation completed the merger of a four-physician
obstetrics/gynecology practice.

1996 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Sutter Health and California Healthcare System merged to create a larger
non-profit health care network.

1994 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   North Coast Faculty Medical Group affiliated with Sutter Medical
Foundationâ[#x20ac]"North Bay.

1993 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Sutter Amador Hospital, Sutter Roseville Medical Center, Sutter Tracy
Community Hospital, Palo Medical Foundation and Sutter Gould Medical Foundation
affiliated with Sutter Health.

1992 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Kahi Mohala, a behavioral health hospital affiliated with Sutter Health.

1992 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Sutter Lakeside Hospital affiliated with Sutter Health.

1990 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Sutter Delta Medical Center affiliated with Sutter Health.

1989 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Sutter Auburn Faith Hospital affiliated with Sutter Health.

1986 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Sutter Coast Hospital affiliated with Sutter Health.

1985 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Novato Community Hospital affiliated with Sutter Health.

1983 - Acquisitions/Mergers/Takeovers

   Sutter Solano Medical Center affiliated with Sutter Health.

1981 - Incorporation/Establishment

   The company was incorporated in 1981.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Business Description                    Company Overview
Company Statement                       Events
History                                 Key Employee Biographies
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Locations and Subsidiaries              SWOT Analysis
Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 24, 2012 Friday

Indian Hills Community College in process of starting dental program

BYLINE: Mark Newman, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 589 words


Feb. 24--OTTUMWA -- Health care employers have been sounding the alarm for
years: There aren't enough nurses, occupational therapy professionals and
medical lab techs to keep up with increasing demand. But dentists in the area
are telling educators not to forget about our teeth.

"A year ago, we did a needs survey of dentists in our area, and dental
professionals [report] a shortage of dental assisting professionals," said Jill
Budde, dean of Health Occupations at Indian Hills Community College.

Budde is used to hearing about shortages of health-care workers. And Health
Occupations responds with new classes or programs based on certification
requirements and industry need.

College Vice President of Academic Affairs Marlene Sprouse said they also
consider how many jobs would be available for graduates in this market area. But
the school has wanted a program like this for years.

"For a long time, we have had prospective students ask about a dental assisting
program. But you have to be sure. It's a big undertaking: the space, the
faculty, the equipment, the certification. We had to investigate, to know not
only that students were asking but that there were dentists looking to employ
those students. There are jobs."

Now that they know, the process has begun moving forward, said Budde.

On Monday, the college board of trustees gave approval to the installation of a
dental-assistant facility at the Rural Health Education Center. The renovation
is expected to cost around $500,000.

Budde said they've already received a grant from the foundation of Delta Dental
of Iowa to buy equipment.

"It's over $60,000," said Budde. "That will purchase all the dental chairs plus
additional needed equipment for the lab."

And they know just where they want that lab.

"You can tell we've been thinking about this a long time," said Sprouse,
"because even when we built the Rural Health Education Center, we designed a
space that could one day become a dental lab."

The building opened in 2007 with the future dental lab roughed in. Now it's time
to finish it, the dean said.

"We've received approval from the Iowa Department of Education and will be
submitting an [application] outlining every detail of the program to the
Commission on Dental Assistant Accreditation."

Because that body is national, graduates could go anywhere. But there are jobs
in the Indian Hills 10-county region.

"I believe we've lost [potential residents and students] due to lack of dental
educational opportunities in our area," Budde said. "There are no dental
assisting programs south of I-80 at this time. We find students interested in
those programs go to Des Moines or Cedar Rapids and never come home. So we think
it's important to provide opportunities."

This will be a one-year program that can get new professionals onto the ladder
of dental jobs. Dental assistants have a more basic education than dental
hygienists, for example, helping with records, setting up the dentists' tray and
handing them tools during a checkup.

Those skills and classes could later help a student who wants to further their
education and become a hygienist. IHCC is investigating whether that would be a
good course to have available.

In the meantime, Sprouse and Budde are expecting 18-24 students per year, though
they can't accept applications until national certification is complete.

The program could be up and running in 2013.

___ (c)2012 the Ottumwa Courier (Ottumwa, Iowa) Visit the Ottumwa Courier
(Ottumwa, Iowa) at www.ottumwacourier.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120224-OT-Indian-Hills-Community-College-in-process-of-starting-dental-program
-0224-20120224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                         Copyright 2012 Ottumwa Courier


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                              June 15, 2015 Monday
                                 SOONER EDITION

PRIDE PARADE PEACEFUL DESPITE RANGE OF PROTESTS

BYLINE: Mary Niederberger and Janice Crompton, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 969 words


A colorful river of people floated through Downtown at midday Sunday as part of
the annual Pride March to celebrate the Pittsburgh LGBT community.

There were church and corporate groups and community organizations along with
representatives of agencies that serve the lesbian, gay, bisexual and
transgender communities.

March organizers estimated about 130 groups and organizations were to
participate, and the message espoused by most was one of tolerance and
acceptance.

"We had normal attendance," said parade coordinator Jeff Freedman. "We weren't
off in our numbers. But the rain didn't help."

But at the corner of Sixth and Liberty avenues, a group of about a half-dozen
protesters held signs and took turns at a microphone to preach that
homosexuality is a sin. While protesters from Repent Amarillo, a religious group
opposed to homosexuality, were expected at the march, the group at Sixth and
Liberty said only that they represented Jesus Christ.

The protesters stayed behind wooden barriers set up by the city to create a
"sight and sound zone," even though Pittsburgh police said they would not force
protesters to stay behind the barricades.

The corner became the location of numerous debates as parade supporters and
spectators stopped to engage with the protesters in what appeared to be civil
conversations. While some marchers interacted with the protesters, others
quietly held signs encouraging tolerance.

At one point, Pittsburgh police Chief Cameron McLay asked some Pride March
supporters to move out from behind the barriers to create space between them and
those protesting the march. They complied without an argument.

The chief said he wanted to avoid any physical confrontations between groups in
the event that tempers flared.

One of those asked to move was Shane Freeman of Bethel Park, who was holding a
sign that pledged to donate money to equal-rights organizations in the name of
the protesters.

The scene was nothing like last year, when the Pittsburgh Pride festival drew
national media attention when video surfaced online of a city police officer
striking a 19-year-old woman involved in an altercation with a member of Repent
Amarillo.

Ariel Lawther of Harmony was arrested after a confrontation with a Repent
Amarillo demonstrator and after allegedly hitting Officer Souroth Chatterji, who
was later cleared by a city investigation. Ms. Lawther, who later pleaded guilty
to reduced charges, did not attend this year's parade, her attorney said.

After the march, police spokeswoman Sonya Toler said there were no arrests.

Members of the local stagehands union IATSE Local 3 staged a quiet protest along
the parade route handing out leaflets saying the Delta Foundation of Pittsburgh,
which sponsors the Pride March, does not use union stagehands for Pittsburgh
Pride Festival events.

This year's theme was "All you need is love," but there were others who thought
"inclusion" might have been a better word choice.

Shortly after the parade ended, members of the Roots Pride Pittsburgh
organization took to Point State Park in a march of their own. Roots, comprised
mostly of members of other LGBTQIA+ groups, has provided a series of counter
events during the past week.

"This is something where people can be spiritually nourished and meditative,"
said Joy KMT of Homewood, one of the Roots' organizers and co-founder of Queer
Transsexual People of Color in Pittsburgh. "This is all about creating our own
space."

Roots staged a "Shut it Down" protest during the Pride in the Street concert and
festivities Saturday night and has been vocal in its opposition to Delta
Foundation's original choice of Iggy Azalea as the musical guest. After an
uproar about tweets and posts by the Australian pop star that some felt were
homophobic and racist, Ms. Azalea bowed out and was replaced by singer Nick
Jonas.

Their issues with the Delta Foundation, though, go deeper than the choice of
musical entertainment, Roots members said. Many characterized Ms. Azalea as "the
flashpoint" in an ongoing battle over the inclusion of people of color,
transgender people and those who feel they have been underrepresented in the
local LGBT community.

"I don't identify as an affluent, white gay male, and the fact that they are
deliberating cutting out anyone who doesn't identify that way just really annoys
the heck out of me," said C.J. Levine of Wilkins, who joined the Roots group
Sunday afternoon on a Healing Circle and River Walk from the Point to the David
Lawrence Convention Center.

Some members of the Unitarian Universal Churches of Pittsburgh elected to
boycott the Pride Parade for the first time this year in favor of the River Walk
by Roots, which drew about four dozen marchers.

"We're here because we want to support the people who are feeling marginalized,"
said Diane Rush of Mt. Lebanon, a lay leader with the ministry. "I just feel
Delta hasn't done their best to welcome everyone."

Ms. Rush and others said they would like to see several changes by Delta,
including more free Pride events and additional funding toward direct service
groups that provide jobs, health care and access to stable housing to members of
the LGBT community. They complained that Delta had spent about twice as much
money to book entertainment than to provide essential funding.

The leadership at Delta also needs to change, Ms. KMT said.

"Among their leadership, there's no self-reflection or self-examination," she
said.

Ms. Rush said she agreed that Delta also had to broaden its reach.

"Don't get me wrong, I think Delta has done a lot," she said. "They've really
brought Pride to another level. But no one should be left out."

Mr. Freedman indicated coordinators are ready to listen.

"Dialogue is good," he said.

Delta spokeswoman Christine Bryan said the group plans today to release a
statement about criticism from Roots.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Mary Niederberger: mniederberger@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1590./
Janice Crompton: jcrompton@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1159.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Nate Guidry/Post-Gazette: Krishna Joyce waves a flag Sunday
along Fifth Avenue during the Pride March. \
PHOTO: Nate Guidry/Post-Gazette: Color guard James Dixon performs along Grant
Street, Downtown, during the Pride March.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             August 24, 2007 Friday

HEALTH HAPPENINGS

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Contra Costa; Eastern Contra Costa; My Town

LENGTH: 1038 words



     ·    Home Chore Registry Program: East County -- A program for seniors who
          need to hire someone to help with day-to-day tasks. For more
          information about this program in East County call 925-439-1202.


UnitedHealthcare Children's Foundation -- California parents with children in
need of medical services or equipment not fully covered by health insurance can
apply for a grant up to $5,000. For information: http://www.uhccf.org .

Power wheel chairs available -- Miracle on Wheels makes available electric power
wheelchairs to non-ambulatory senior citizens, 65 years-and older, and the
permanently disabled of any age. For information and qualifications:
1-800-749-8778, http://www.jaspanmedical.com .

BLOOD DRIVES

American Red Cross Blood Drives -- 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com to
schedule appointment.

Aug. 27, 1:30-6:30 p.m. Community Presbyterian Church of Pittsburg, 200 E.
Leland Road. Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . Use code:
PITTSBURG.

Sept. 1, 1-6 p.m. Resurrection Ministries, 1275 Fairview Ave., Brentwood.
Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . Use code:BRENTWOOD.

Sept. 24, 1:30-6:30 p.m. Church of Christ, 1020 E. Tregallas Road, Antioch.
Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . Use code: ANTIOCH.

SUTTER DELTA CENTER


     ·    Sutter Delta Medical Center offers the following health events, 3901
          Lone Tree Way, Antioch:


Women's Health Center Tours, 1:30 or 7:30 p.m. first and third Mondays monthly.
925-779-7230.

"Calling It Quits": Smoking Cessation, Do you want to kick the habit of smoking?
Classes are scheduled as needed. For information, call 925-779-3570.

Lactation Services, The Women's Health Center has lactation consultants with
services available for outpatient appointments. 925-779-7200, Ext. 4206.

Diabetic Education Series, 5-6 p.m. Sept. 10, 17, 24 and Oct. 1. A series of
four classes aimed at the basics of diabetes, what it is, management techniques,
food and recipe ideas and more. Spouses and caregivers are welcome.
Registration: 925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

ABCs of CHF: Living Well with Congestive Heart Failure, 10 a.m.-noon. Sept. 12
and 19. The causes of CHF are varied but treatments are fairly consistent.
Two-day class shows some tricks of the trade for coping with this manageable
condition. Registration: 925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

Get Tough on Angina, 6-8 p.m. Sept. 12. The main goal of the class is to assist
you in becoming comfortable with talking about and coping with angina on a
day-to day basis in addition to being more comfortable. Registration:
925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org .

Quarterly Cancer Workshops: 4-6 p.m. Sept. 13. Learn how Chinese medicine can
complement cancer treatment with auricular acupuncture using points in the ears
that can help balance emotions and relieve pain. 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Quarterly Diabetic Workshops, Sept. 21. A clinical specialist will present a
variety of diabetes-related topics. For time and registration information:
925-779-3570.

Who Will Speak for You: Advance Directives, 10 to 11:30 a.m. Sept. 26. This
class will teach you about the legal document that allows you to appoint someone
to speak for you, on your behalf in the event of a medical emergency.
Registration: 925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

CPR for Family and Friends, 5-8 p.m. Sept. 27. This three-hour class teaches
recognition and emergency resuscitation techniques for laypersons who want to
learn rescue skills for a loved one. This is not a certification class.
925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

JOHN MUIR BRENTWOOD


     ·    John Muir Medical Center in Brentwood offers the following health
          events and services, 2400 Balfour Road:


New Parent Group, 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Lactation: First and third Mondays
facilitated by a board-certified lactation consultant. Other Mondays will be
focused topics and open discussion on various parenting issues. Registration:
925-941-7900, option 3, http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

JOHN MUIR WOMEN'S HEALTH CENTER


     ·    Offers the following health events, 1656 N. California Blvd., Walnut
          Creek:


Breast in the Best, 10 a.m.-noon Wednesdays. This weekly drop-in class is for
breast-feeding mothers to come for basic education about general feeding,
supplementing, pumping and storing. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Osteoporosis Exercise, 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. For anyone who has been
diagnosed with osteoporosis. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Post Partum Depression/Anxiety Group, Get help with excessive worries about
yourself or your baby. Call 510-273-9548 for date, times and registration.

First Mondays for Women, Connect with other women on the first Monday of each
month and make new friends. Guest speakers, professional and personal support.
$10 per evening. Times and registration: 925-941-7900.

Yoga for Women, Noon-1 p.m. Tuesdays or 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. $70 for one
month. Registration: 925-942-7900, wwwjohnmuirhealth.com.

JOHN MUIR ELDER CARE SERVICES


     ·    Offers the following health events, 1808 Tice Valley Blvd., Walnut
          Creek:


Hands on Care for Family Caregivers, 9 a.m.-noon Aug. 24. Family members learn
how to give care that protects the care receiver and caregiver. Learn about new
types of equipment, , how to give a bath or shower, special diets and more.
Light refreshments served. Registration: 925-937-2018.

THE WELLNESS COMMUNITY


     ·    Offers the following health events, 3276 McNutt Avenue, Walnut Creek:


Newly Diagnosed Breast Cancer Workshop, 10:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. through Oct. 24
Wednesdays. This 16-week group is for women who have just been diagnosed and are
either in treatment or starting treatment. Guest medical experts will present
information to assist in understanding the disease. The group aspect assists you
in finding the tools for coping with the diagnosis and gaining the support of
others who share similar experiences. Free. Registration: 925-933-0107.

Laughter Playshop, 10 a.m. Aug. 25. Laughter has numerous health benefits,
especially for the immune system. Share the benefits of laughter and participate
in simple improvisation exercises to make you laugh. Free for cancer patients,
their family and friends. Registration: 925-933-0107.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           January 16, 2013 Wednesday

Glover: Contra Costa County ready to face the challenges of 2013

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 1315 words


The following is an excerpt from Contra Costa County Supervisor Federal Glover's
Jan. 8 speech when he was installed as the 2013 chairman of the Board of
Supervisors.

The last few years have been difficult for Contra Costa County and the next year
will be no different. Actually, the next few years will remain challenging.

Much of what we do -- and what we can't do -- depends on the economy -- local,
state and national -- which are out of our control.

While there are signs that the economy is improving -- more jobs being created
and lower unemployment rates, more construction underway -- a full recovery is
still a few years down the line.

In the meantime, we are learning to live within our means. We have no choice.

In this effort, we have made significant strides, thanks to the departments and
county employees, the county has closed budget deficits that at one time
exceeded $100 million.

We have been able to reduce our OPEB (Other Post Employment Benefits) liability
from $2.6 billion down to $960 million with the aim to further reduce that
liability to zero over the next few years.

For the first time in a long time, we have a balanced budget.

Despite the funding shortfalls, we have been able to maintain vital services to
the public.

Of course, much of the credit for this goes to the collaboration of labor,
county departments and the Board.

Public safety realignment

Four years ago, when I became chair, one of the things I introduced was the
formation of the Public Protection Committee. As it turned out, it has become a
vital committee to air out timely issues affecting fire protection, our jails,
courts and realignment, the transfer of low-level offenders in state prisons to
county custody.

Contra Costa has been a leader on realignment. Other counties are watching what
we do and how we involve the public in our decision-making process. It hasn't
always been easy, but in the end, I believe we will have another model of
reducing recidivism and getting inmates off the hopeless and sometimes
never-ending cycle of committing crimes.

The county was not "lucky" to receive the $20 million for realignment. It was
something we fought for, by developing a funding formula which was fair to
Contra Costa, which with the Governor's support through Prop. 30, funding for
realignment is guaranteed.

I've been fortunate to be on numerous state agencies to deal with this issue and
to assure that the county gets its fair share of state funds for realignment.

Fire

Last month we heard hours of testimony regarding the closure of fire stations.
Last November the voters voted down Proposition Q which would have funded the
status quo in fire protection.

Since the public said no, the Board now faces the difficult task of closing
stations. We will have to close at least four stations right away, and possibly
more next year. But, we will do it with the public's safety in mind.

I will urge the fire chief to continue to develop and search for additional
revenue in the form of grants to ensure that we maintain the levels of safety we
have become accustomed to without endangering the firefighters themselves.

Health care

As the state plans for the implementation of the Affordable Care Act --
otherwise known as Obamacare -- the County is also taking steps to prepare for
the changeover.

Implemented our electronic Health Record system, ccLink: an electronic record of
patients' health;

We are also being more proactive in reducing health disparities and prevention
strategies by aggressively reaching out to the affected communities.

The Contra Costa Health Plan is expanding its membership and we are expanding
our health clinics, redesigning our existing facilities and working with the
nonprofit health clinics to better serve the health needs of our citizens.

The Delta

As you all know, Supervisor Mary Piepho has championed Delta issues on behalf of
the County and will continue that role.

She will continue to speak out on the proposed tunnels or canals that will
divert water from the Delta, necessary levee upgrades, flood protection and
water quality for fish and for our drinking water.

The County will continue to seek partnerships and alliances with other Delta
counties, environmentalists, fishing groups and the agencies such as Contra
Costa Water District and the sanitary districts to have a louder and strong
voice on Delta issues.

Transportation

I am on a number of regional transportation agencies including MTC, CCTA and the
East County coalition that found local funding for the widening of Highway 4 and
the construction of eBART.

I plan to expand on that role as the County's representative -- along with Amy
Wirth -- on the regional transportation agencies to see what we can do to start
the planning for a wBART, which would extend tracks from Richmond to Hercules.

We need to look seriously at ferries as another commuting alternative to cars
and bring better coordination among the four bus agencies in our county.

Economic development

With the demise of Redevelopment Agencies, the County has taken a more active
role in economic development.

Last year, the Bay Point-Pittsburg Enterprise Zone was created.

That, along with the Richmond's Enterprise Zone, will help stimulate businesses
and employment in those areas and help strengthen the economy for the entire
County.

The selection of the UC Richmond Field Station for a new campus of
Lawrence-Berkeley National Lab is going to be a major contributor not only to
Richmond but the economies of Contra Costa and the Bay Area.

It will be one of the top research facilities in the entire world and it will
bring in students, faculty and researchers and their families to Contra Costa.
The planning for the campus is underway. It expects to open its doors in 2018.

Oakley just got approved by the PUC to build an energy plant that will bring
jobs and a multi-million dollar payroll to east county.

The Radback plant joins the other energy plants that have located in the
Pittsburg-Antioch area producing clean energy for millions of homes and good
paying jobs for the local economy.

I plan to launch The Northshore Initiative this year. Planning is already under
way.

I want to bring together all the stakeholders on the northern shore of Contra
Costa, from Richmond to Oakley, to find out if there are any common projects we
can work on together.

That includes the refineries, major industries such as Dow and USS-POSCO, the
ports of Richmond and the budding port of Pittsburg-Antioch, the cities, park
districts and recreation officials.

Pittsburg will begin building facilities to transfer oil from ships to storage
tanks on shore.

Richmond is upgrading its docking and oil transfer facilities.

I think if we act as a regional group, we can wield more power than if each of
us tried to act alone.

I'm not sure what the meeting of the minds will produce, but it might include
issues of dredging, improving our port facilities, recreational water access,
attracting more industry or the need for ferries.

The year ahead

Looking ahead to this year. We are off to a good start.

Our projected revenues will match our projected expenditures this year.

Our OPEB liability will continue to be reduced. We might even have a small
increase in fund balance.

We already have established a Capital Fund with initial funding of $5 million to
replace or update our aging infrastructure.

We will continue to seek ways to find additional revenue for public safety and
the delivery of health care.

As I said in the beginning: It is going to be a challenge. Many of the decisions
we will make will not be popular with the public. But if we work together and we
seek partnerships with community-based organizations, the cities and private
enterprise, we can weather this storm.

I'm ready. The Board of Supervisors is ready. The question is: Is the public
ready?

Federal Glover is the Contra Costa County Supervisor, District 5. Reach him
atdistrict@bos.cccounty.us .

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           January 16, 2013 Wednesday

Glover: Contra Costa County ready to face the challenges of 2013

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1315 words


The following is an excerpt from Contra Costa County Supervisor Federal Glover's
Jan. 8 speech when he was installed as the 2013 chairman of the Board of
Supervisors.

The last few years have been difficult for Contra Costa County and the next year
will be no different. Actually, the next few years will remain challenging.

Much of what we do -- and what we can't do -- depends on the economy -- local,
state and national -- which are out of our control.

While there are signs that the economy is improving -- more jobs being created
and lower unemployment rates, more construction underway -- a full recovery is
still a few years down the line.

In the meantime, we are learning to live within our means. We have no choice.

In this effort, we have made significant strides, thanks to the departments and
county employees, the county has closed budget deficits that at one time
exceeded $100 million.

We have been able to reduce our OPEB (Other Post Employment Benefits) liability
from $2.6 billion down to $960 million with the aim to further reduce that
liability to zero over the next few years.

For the first time in a long time, we have a balanced budget.

Despite the funding shortfalls, we have been able to maintain vital services to
the public.

Of course, much of the credit for this goes to the collaboration of labor,
county departments and the Board.

Public safety realignment

Four years ago, when I became chair, one of the things I introduced was the
formation of the Public Protection Committee. As it turned out, it has become a
vital committee to air out timely issues affecting fire protection, our jails,
courts and realignment, the transfer of low-level offenders in state prisons to
county custody.

Contra Costa has been a leader on realignment. Other counties are watching what
we do and how we involve the public in our decision-making process. It hasn't
always been easy, but in the end, I believe we will have another model of
reducing recidivism and getting inmates off the hopeless and sometimes
never-ending cycle of committing crimes.

The county was not "lucky" to receive the $20 million for realignment. It was
something we fought for, by developing a funding formula which was fair to
Contra Costa, which with the Governor's support through Prop. 30, funding for
realignment is guaranteed.

I've been fortunate to be on numerous state agencies to deal with this issue and
to assure that the county gets its fair share of state funds for realignment.

Fire

Last month we heard hours of testimony regarding the closure of fire stations.
Last November the voters voted down Proposition Q which would have funded the
status quo in fire protection.

Since the public said no, the Board now faces the difficult task of closing
stations. We will have to close at least four stations right away, and possibly
more next year. But, we will do it with the public's safety in mind.

I will urge the fire chief to continue to develop and search for additional
revenue in the form of grants to ensure that we maintain the levels of safety we
have become accustomed to without endangering the firefighters themselves.

Health care

As the state plans for the implementation of the Affordable Care Act --
otherwise known as Obamacare -- the County is also taking steps to prepare for
the changeover.

Implemented our electronic Health Record system, ccLink: an electronic record of
patients' health;

We are also being more proactive in reducing health disparities and prevention
strategies by aggressively reaching out to the affected communities.

The Contra Costa Health Plan is expanding its membership and we are expanding
our health clinics, redesigning our existing facilities and working with the
nonprofit health clinics to better serve the health needs of our citizens.

The Delta

As you all know, Supervisor Mary Piepho has championed Delta issues on behalf of
the County and will continue that role.

She will continue to speak out on the proposed tunnels or canals that will
divert water from the Delta, necessary levee upgrades, flood protection and
water quality for fish and for our drinking water.

The County will continue to seek partnerships and alliances with other Delta
counties, environmentalists, fishing groups and the agencies such as Contra
Costa Water District and the sanitary districts to have a louder and strong
voice on Delta issues.

Transportation

I am on a number of regional transportation agencies including MTC, CCTA and the
East County coalition that found local funding for the widening of Highway 4 and
the construction of eBART.

I plan to expand on that role as the County's representative -- along with Amy
Wirth -- on the regional transportation agencies to see what we can do to start
the planning for a wBART, which would extend tracks from Richmond to Hercules.

We need to look seriously at ferries as another commuting alternative to cars
and bring better coordination among the four bus agencies in our county.

Economic development

With the demise of Redevelopment Agencies, the County has taken a more active
role in economic development.

Last year, the Bay Point-Pittsburg Enterprise Zone was created.

That, along with the Richmond's Enterprise Zone, will help stimulate businesses
and employment in those areas and help strengthen the economy for the entire
County.

The selection of the UC Richmond Field Station for a new campus of
Lawrence-Berkeley National Lab is going to be a major contributor not only to
Richmond but the economies of Contra Costa and the Bay Area.

It will be one of the top research facilities in the entire world and it will
bring in students, faculty and researchers and their families to Contra Costa.
The planning for the campus is underway. It expects to open its doors in 2018.

Oakley just got approved by the PUC to build an energy plant that will bring
jobs and a multi-million dollar payroll to east county.

The Radback plant joins the other energy plants that have located in the
Pittsburg-Antioch area producing clean energy for millions of homes and good
paying jobs for the local economy.

I plan to launch The Northshore Initiative this year. Planning is already under
way.

I want to bring together all the stakeholders on the northern shore of Contra
Costa, from Richmond to Oakley, to find out if there are any common projects we
can work on together.

That includes the refineries, major industries such as Dow and USS-POSCO, the
ports of Richmond and the budding port of Pittsburg-Antioch, the cities, park
districts and recreation officials.

Pittsburg will begin building facilities to transfer oil from ships to storage
tanks on shore.

Richmond is upgrading its docking and oil transfer facilities.

I think if we act as a regional group, we can wield more power than if each of
us tried to act alone.

I'm not sure what the meeting of the minds will produce, but it might include
issues of dredging, improving our port facilities, recreational water access,
attracting more industry or the need for ferries.

The year ahead

Looking ahead to this year. We are off to a good start.

Our projected revenues will match our projected expenditures this year.

Our OPEB liability will continue to be reduced. We might even have a small
increase in fund balance.

We already have established a Capital Fund with initial funding of $5 million to
replace or update our aging infrastructure.

We will continue to seek ways to find additional revenue for public safety and
the delivery of health care.

As I said in the beginning: It is going to be a challenge. Many of the decisions
we will make will not be popular with the public. But if we work together and we
seek partnerships with community-based organizations, the cities and private
enterprise, we can weather this storm.

I'm ready. The Board of Supervisors is ready. The question is: Is the public
ready?

Federal Glover is the Contra Costa County Supervisor, District 5. Reach him
atdistrict@bos.cccounty.us .

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           January 30, 2008 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

Workers Call On One Another

BYLINE: D'ANN LAWRENCE WHITE, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: BRANDON; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 855 words


BRANDON - No one was crying in his beer.

Then again, none of the roughly 100 Home Depot call center employees at
O'Brien's Irish Pub in Brandon on Jan. 23 was jumping for joy, either.

It was the last call for the call center at U.S. 301 and Causeway Boulevard,
which officially closed Monday.

Home Depot announced in early December that it was closing the call center and
would lay off the 750 people who worked there.

Although employees said they had heard rumors about the closing, the
announcement before Christmas came as a shock.

Afterward, the home improvement warehouse giant, based in Atlanta, agreed to
keep the call center employees on for an additional two weeks and afford
employees full pay.

"We have the media to thank for that," said Arlene Wykle of Brandon, who worked
at the call center for nearly four years. "I'm not sure we would have gotten it
without all the publicity."

Employees at the call center primarily helped Home Depot customers get prices
and schedule appointments for installation services. Those tasks have been
outsourced.

Wykle said she took the closing personally.

"I gave that job 110 percent," she said. "It was very emotional for me. I'm
going to miss all my friends. They really became my family."

However, she said she's one of the lucky ones. She landed on her feet.

Her first interview got her a job with Delta Mechanical, one of Home Depot's
installers. She began her new job Monday.

"I'm ecstatic," she said. "It was my first and only interview. It's exactly the
type of atmosphere I wanted, and I still get to work with Home Depot."

A jack of all trades, Bob Myers was known as "Bob the Builder" at the call
center, where he worked since it opened in 2001.

At his new job with Humana, the national health-care provider, he'll more likely
use his proper name.

The Antioch resident said fate was with him when Home Depot decided to close the
center. On Jan. 17, Myers turned 65 years and 10 months old, meaning he could
begin collecting Social Security. However, he isn't ready to retire.

So he attended one of the job fairs Home Depot organized for call center
employees featuring 48 companies, including the HSBC banking services company,
Humana, AAA Auto Club, other call centers and several temporary employment
services.

Myers was among 60 employees Humana hired for its Tampa facility.

"And they pay pretty well," Myers said. He will start his new job Feb. 11.
"Between retirement and Humana, I'll be making about $54,000. I count myself
pretty fortunate."

So does Marilyn Brinson of Brandon.

She has considered being a nurse, and at one of the job fairs, she learned about
a federal grant that will finance her education.

"So I took early retirement, and I'm going back to school to get my LPN
[licensed practical nurse] license," she said. "For some of us, this has opened
up new doors, allowing us to do things we never thought we'd be doing."

A manager at the call center, Jeff Franklin of Brandon, agreed.

"People are discovering new opportunities," Franklin said. He plans to move to
St. Louis to spend time with his daughter. "People started thinking outside the
box, and everybody pulled together, helping one another find jobs. It was a real
testament to what we are as a group. It brought out the best of us."

Floor manager Alex McGuire of Brandon said she wishes she could say the same for
the company's executives. A 12-year employee of the company, McGuire said she's
bitter about the way the employees were treated.

"A Fortune 500 company like that could have done so much more for the employees
who have been so loyal to them all these years, who have stood on the front line
for them and tried to make the company better," she said.

Annette Zamboni of Brandon said she's grateful to have a job in today's economy,
even if it isn't her dream job. Two weeks ago, she landed a position in the
kitchen design department at the Home Depot store in Town 'N Country.

"It's a long drive," she said. "A lot of people weren't willing to make that
drive, but I needed the job."

Ray Calandro of Valrico remains hopeful, although he has yet to find a job.

"I'm OK. I've been promoted to customer," he joked. "There's not much you can do
these days when something like this happens. You just keep sending out résumés
and praying."

Reporter D'Ann Lawrence White can be reached at (813) 657-4524 or
dlwhite@tampatrib.com

Photo credit: Tribune photo by D'ANN LAWRENCE WHITE

Photo: Lynn Simpson, left, Lori Kregelka and about a hundred other former Home
Depot call center workers bid the center farewell.

Photo credit: Tribune photo by D'ANN LAWRENCE WHITE

Photo: Former Home Depot call center employee Alan Buhl, left, formed band Agent
Orange, a reference to Home Depot's signature color, and got the band's first
gig at the call center's closing party.

Photo credit: Tribune photo by D'ANN LAWRENCE WHITE

Photo: With their jobs outsourced, former Home Depot call center workers
gathered at O'Brien's Irish Pub in Brandon on Jan. 23 to bid one another
farewell in anticipation of the center's closing Monday.

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 9, 2008



CORRECTION: Alex McGuire of Tampa did not attend a party for former Home Depot
call center employees at O'Brien's Irish Pub. An article in the Jan. 30 Brandon
News & Tribune quoted a different person at the party.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                    July 12, 2003 Saturday National Edition

Still arguing, but with less facial hair

SOURCE: National Post

BYLINE: J. Kelly Nestruck and John Ivison

SECTION: Canada; Then and Now; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 565 words

A comparison of this week's premiers conference with Canada's first premiers
conference in 1887.

- - -

OCTOBER 20-28, 1887

Location: Quebec City, in the recently completed Parliament buildings designed
by architect Eugene-Etienne Tache. Above the main entrance, Tache had put the
inscription: "Je me souviens," which would become the province's official motto
in 1939.

Goal of the conference: "The Proposed Conference of the Provincial Governments
[is] for the purpose of considering questions which have arisen or may arise as
to the autonomy of the Provinces, their financial arrangements, and other
matters of common Provincial interest."

Number of premiers in attendance: 5 out of 7. Oliver Mowat, Ontario; Honore
Mercier, Quebec; William S. Fielding, Nova Scotia; Andrew G. Blair, New
Brunswick; John Norquay, Manitoba.

Number of Provinces invited who declined to attend: 2. Prince Edward Island and
British Columbia.

Was the Prime Minister invited?: Yes. John A. Macdonald declined to attend.

Number of Female Premiers: 0.

Number of Aboriginal leaders: 1. John Norquay, the Metis premier of Manitoba.

Loose-cannon premier: W.S. Fielding of Nova Scotia had renounced Confederation
and was threatening to separate.

Youngest Premier: William Fielding of Nova Scotia, 35.

Oldest Premier: Oliver Mowat of Ontario, 67.

Percentage of premiers with facial hair: 100%

Provincial demands: An increase in federal grants for the provinces. Free Trade
with the United States. Senate reform (They asked for half the senators to be
chosen by the provinces and for set term limits).

Pundit's pronouncement on the conference: "[T]he 1887 premiers' meeting
accomplished nothing. It was a symbol." -- Historian Desmond Morton in A Short
History of Canada.

JULY 9-11 2003

Location: Charlottetown, P.E.I., at the Delta Prince Edward Hotel, the
centrepiece of the city's waterfront since it was built in 1986. Charlottetown's
official motto is Parva Sub Ingenti ("The small under the protection of the
great"), while the The Delta Hotel chain's is "Your room is ready."

Official reason for the conference: "To adopt a plan to revitalize the Canadian
federation and build a new era of constructive and co-operative federalism for
Canadians."

Number of premiers attending: 10 provincial premiers; three territorial premiers

Number of premiers invited who declined: None

Was the PM invited: No.

Number of women: None

Number of aboriginal leaders: Two -- Paul Okalik of Nunavut and Stephen Kakfwi
of N.W.T.

Loose cannon premier: Ralph Klein, who vowed not to participate in the health
council, and Ernie Eves, who came to Charlottetown threatening to set up a
separate immigration system for Ontario.

Youngest premier: Bernard Lord of New Brunswick, 37.

Oldest premier: John Hamm of Nova Scotia, 65.

Percentage with facial hair: 15% -- Dennis Fentie of Yukon and Paul Okalik.

Provincial demands: To make the federation work better in areas such as health
care, public health emergencies (SARS), international relations (particularly
the U.S.) and the fiscal imbalance.

Pundit's take on the conference: "The premiers' final news releases read like a
Dear Jean letter, a parting salute in the form of a raised middle finger to a
Prime Minister who will leave behind a legacy of aloof indifference to
provincial causes and concerns." -- Don Martin, CanWest News Service.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: Jim Young, Reuters; Clean-shaven Alberta Premier
Ralph Klein listens to the closing of the 44th annual premiers conference in
Charlottetown yesterday.; Black & White Photo: National Archives, The Canadian
Press; Sir Oliver Mowat, 1873; Black & White Photo: Tom Hanson, The Canadian
Press; Dennis Fentie, 2003

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2003 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 8, 1991, Friday, Late Edition - Final

19 Cities Listed for Aid To Cut Infant Mortality

BYLINE: By ROBERT PEAR, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 12; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1002 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 7


Federal officials said today that they had tentatively identified 19 cities
eligible for $171 million in Federal grants to combat very high infant
mortality, but that the cities would have to compete for the money.

Under President Bush's proposal announced last month, only 10 could ultimately
win grants.

The list of cities is based on such factors as the overall infant mortality rate
and the number of infant deaths in the last five years among blacks, which is
about twice that of whites and has long been considered one of the nation's most
serious health problems.

The Administration plan is subject to approval by Congress, which appropriates
the money for all Federal programs. Lawmakers from both parties have expressed
concern that Mr. Bush's plan would be financed, in part, by diverting money from
clinics and child health programs in hundreds of other cities and rural areas.
Geographic areas other than the 19 cities could qualify for Federal grants if
they have high infant mortality and meet the selection criteria, still being
refined by the Government.

The list of eligible cities includes Washington, with the highest infant
mortality rate, followed in order by Detroit, Newark, Baltimore, Memphis,
Philadelphia, Atlanta, Chicago, Cleveland and New Orleans.

The other eligible cities are St. Louis, Kansas City, Mo., Indianapolis, Boston,
New York, Milwaukee, Jacksonville, Fla., Houston and Los Angeles.

Dr. James O. Mason, Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services, said
tonight that the Government would soon publish the selection criteria, but not a
list of cities.

Some of the grants may eventually go to parts of cities, Dr. Mason said in an
interview. For example, he said, the Government might award a grant to East
Harlem, rather than to the whole of New York City. "We don't want to eliminate
anyone who could meet the criteria from being an applicant," he said.

Political Factor Considered

Government planning documents for the program suggest that the Administration is
keenly interested in the political dimension of the infant mortality initiative.

"The kick-off for this initiative will include a visit by President Bush to one
or more perinatal service delivery sites," says one such document, prepared by
officials from the Department of Health and Human Services, the White House and
other agencies. Perinatal services run from the beginning of pregnancy through
the first year of a baby's life.

"Plans for media announcements related to the initiative are being handled by
the White House in conjunction with the department's Assistant Secretary for
Public Affairs," the document says.

To get the money for the program, the cities would have to file applications
with Dr. Louis W. Sullivan, Secretary of Health and Human Services, showing that
they have a comprehensive plan to slash infant mortality by 50 percent over five
years. The money is to be used for prenatal care; programs to discourage
smoking, drinking and drug abuse by pregnant women, and a coordinated
"community-wide system" of health, education and nutrition services.

Selection by Sept. 30

The Administration plans to announce the availability of funds and invite
applications in the next six weeks. Federal fficials said they expected to
choose the winners by Sept. 30.

Dr. Sullivan said this week that the current rate of infant mortality was
"almost obscene for a country with the resources we have."

Each year in the United States nearly 40,000 babies die before reaching the
first birthday. An unpublished interagency study by the Bush Administration says
that 10,000 of those deaths could be prevented merely through the application of
existing knowledge.

The infant mortality rate measures the number of deaths in the first year of
life for every 1,000 live births. The Federal Government computed the average
annual rate for each city in the five-year period from 1984 through 1988. The
rates ranged from 21.1 for Washington to 10.54 for Los Angeles.

All but one of the 19 cities have populations of more than 390,000. But there
are many smaller cities, with population of 100,000 to 250,000, where the infant
mortality rate is just as high.

To help pay for the program at 10 sites, the Administration wants to redirect
$23.7 million a year from community health centers around the country. But
Congress appears to have other ideas. Republican lawmakers, in particular, say
the 550 centers have made a huge contribution to reducing infant mortality,
providing prenatal, obstetric and pediatric care to millions of low-income
families.

Senator John H. Chafee, Republican of Rhode Island, plans to introduce a bill
soon that would make available an additional sum of $2.8 billion over five years
to expand the services of existing centers and to pay for new ones. Congress
provided $478.2 million for community health centers this year.

Mr. Chafee's proposal is significant because he is the chairman of a study group
appointed by Senate Republicans to devise a comprehensive strategy for improving
the nation's health-care system.

Rural Counties Can Qualify

In the budget sent to Congress on Feb. 4, Mr. Bush said he wanted to spend $171
million in the next fiscal year to save babies in "10 cities with exceptionally
high rates of infant mortality." Members of Congress from rural areas
immediately complained that the Administration was neglecting rural areas with
problems just as severe as some inner cities.

"Look simply at Humphreys County in the heart of the Delta," said Representative
Mike Espy, Democrat of Mississippi. "The latest statistics show that 30 children
out of every 1,000 born in Humphreys County do not live to be 1 year old."

The Administration apparently revised its proposal and now says that a group of
rural counties may join together to apply for Federal funds if they have high
infant mortality. Federal health officials are still testing and refining the
eligibility criteria for rural areas.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "Infant Deaths" shows shows number of deaths in the first year
of life per 1,000 live births in various cities. (Sources: U.S. Dept. of Health
and Human Services.)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            August 30, 2007 Thursday

Accreditation Commission smiles upon MWCC's new dental hygiene program

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 494 words


GARDNER -- Mount Wachusett Community College's new dental hygiene program at
HealthAlliance's Burbank campus in Fitchburg has received official word that it
has been granted full accreditation by the Commission on Dental Accreditation.
The program also achieved the rare distinction of receiving two commendations
for excellence.

"We knew that the program we created with the support of HealthAlliance and the
dental community was strong, and would fill a critical need for more dental
hygienists throughout the region," said MWCC President Daniel M. Asquino. "That
the program not only received full approval from the Commission on Dental
Accreditation, but two commendations for excellence as well, demonstrates the
strength of community partnerships. I applaud the commitment and dedication of
our staff and faculty and all of the partners involved in bringing the dental
hygiene program to this level of success."

The associate-degree dental hygiene program was commended in the area of
educational support services and facility for incorporating "the use of modern
technology and equipment in both the classroom and clinic. The faculty and
administration are commended for providing a state-of-the-art learning
environment and fostering student success." In the category of institutional
effectiveness, the program was commended for having "exceptional financial
support from the local and state dental societies, as well as grants from
private foundations."

The program is unique in the state, because of its partnership with a community
dental clinic. With the help of donations, grants and support from
HealthAlliance, MWCC located the dental hygiene program in the same building as
Community Health Connections Dental Services, a clinic that serves uninsured and
underinsured residents of the area. Students helped attend to the clinic's high
volume of dental care cases, seeing more than 1,000 patients during the
program's three clinical semesters. The first class of students graduated this
spring.

The partnership developed out of interest in the local dental community for MWCC
to offer a dental hygiene program to address the North Central Massachusetts
region's critical shortage of dental hygienists. HealthAlliance's leaders made
the program possible by renovating 5,300 square feet in the former Burbank
Hospital. Contributors who also helped make the program possible include the
Massachusetts Dental Society Foundation, the Wachusett District Dental Society,
the Health Foundation of Central Massachusetts, the Delta Dental Foundation and
the Oral Health Initiative of North Central Massachusetts.

"We are absolutely thrilled," Anne Malkasian, Director of the Dental Hygiene
program, said of the approval and commendations. "One of the members of the
accreditation team said she only remembers once or twice giving a school a
commendation, and never two. We are truly grateful for the support we received
from HealthAlliance and the dental community."

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 2004 by the Louisiana State Bar Association
                             Louisiana Bar Journal

                                June/July, 2004

                               52 LA Bar Jnl. 44

LENGTH: 915 words

DEPARTMENTS: INSURANCE, TORT, WORKERS' COMPENSATION AND ADMIRALTY LAW: TORT:
FEDERAL PRE-EMPTION

TEXT:

    [*44]  Witty v. Delta Air Lines, Inc.,     F.3d     (5 Cir. 2004).

   Milton Witty brought a diversity suit in Louisiana federal district court
against Delta, claiming development of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) during a
flight from Monroe, La. to Hartford, Conn. DVT is a blood clot, usually in the
leg, that may occur during long periods of physical inactivity. Witty cited
Delta's  [*45]  negligence under state tort law principles in failing to warn of
the risks of DVT, failing to provide adequate leg room to prevent DVT, and
failing to allow passengers to exercise their legs. The district court concluded
that:


     state regulation of airline "services" is preempted but that "state
     tort actions for personal physical injuries caused by the operation
     and maintenance of aircraft are not preempted by federal law."

   The 5th Circuit analyzed the pre-emption provision of the Airline
Deregulation Act (ADA) of 1978:


     [A] State ... may not enact or enforce a law, regulation, or other
     provision having the force and effect of law related to a price, route
     or service of any air carrier that may provide air transportation
     under this subpart.


49 U.S.C. § 41713(b)(1) previously codified at 49 U.S.C. app. § 1305(a)(1)).



     Since requiring more leg room would necessarily reduce the number of
     seats on the aircraft, such a requirement would impose a standard
     "relating to a price" under § 41713(b)(1), and is accordingly
     preempted by the ADA.

   The court found that the failure to warn claim presented a closer question,
but concluded that:


     under implied preemption doctrines ... Congress intended to preempt
     state standards for the warnings that must be given airline
     passengers.


The ADA is an economic deregulation statute:


     suggesting that the express preemption provision of that Act is not
     necessarily the only conceivable basis for finding preemption in a
     personal injury case based on inadequate safety warnings. There is a
     separate federal act, the FAA, which addresses air safety.

     Preemption ultimately turns on congressional intent ... [and] may be
     express or implied. Under the implied preemption doctrines of field
     preemption and conflict preemption, a state claim is preempted where
     "Congressional intent to preempt is inferred from the existence of a
     pervasive regulatory scheme" or where "state law conflicts with
     federal law or interferes with the achievement of federal objectives."
     In the pending case, field preemption and conflict preemption are both
     applicable, because there exists a comprehensive scheme of federal
     regulation, and the imposition of state standards would conflict with
     federal law and interfere with federal objectives.


(Citations omitted). Reversed and remanded.

   Tort: Negligence as a Cause of Suicide, Sufficiency of Pleading

Ramey v. Decaire, 03-1299 (La. 03/19/04),     So.2d    .

   David Ramey, M.D., had an extensive history of substance abuse, including
numerous "interventions" and courses of treatment, both inpatient and
outpatient. He underwent a random drug screen administered by the defendants,
and two weeks later was notified by telephone that he had tested positive. He
spent the next few hours seeing patients before taking his own life at his
office. The petition, filed by and on behalf of his survivors, alleges that
defendants, mostly the entity and agents of Physician's Health Care of
Louisiana, which oversaw the drug screening and notification process, were
negligent in failing to notify Dr. Ramey of the results within 24 hours, in
person. Defendants filed a peremptory exception of no cause of action, and the
district court, after a hearing, sustained the exception, allowing the
plaintiffs 30 days to amend. The amending and supplemental petition stated
essentially the same facts with somewhat greater specificity. Defendants' second
exception of no cause of action raised essentially the same objections as the
earlier exception. The district court overruled the exception, and the court of
appeal declined to grant supervisory writs. The Supreme Court granted
certiorari.

   Writing for the majority, Justice Kimball narrowly framed the issue as:


     whether plaintiffs' amended petition states a cause of action against
     defendants such that their suit should be allowed to proceed ...
     Accepting all of the allegations in plaintiff's amended petition as
     true ..., we find plaintiffs' petition fails to allege facts  [*46]
     sufficient to state a cause of action in negligence ...

     Plaintiffs' allegations of facts do not show the circumstances giving
     rise to a duty on the parts of these particular defendants to prevent
     decedent's suicide.


However, "out of an abundance of caution, we will allow amendment of the
plaintiffs' petition in accordance with La. C.C.P. art. 934." Justices Victory,
Knoll and Weimer dissented in part, all objecting to the second bite of the
apple under Article 934. Justices Knoll's and Weimer's opinions include
trenchant remarks regarding legal responsibility (or lack thereof) for Dr.
Ramey's tragic death.

-- John Zachary Blanchard, Jr.
Immediate Past Chair, LSBA Insurance, Tort, Workers' Compensation and Admiralty
Law Section
90 Westerfield St., Bossier City, LA 71111

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Admiralty LawPersonal InjuriesMaritime Workers' ClaimsMaritime Tort
ClaimsEnvironmental LawLitigation & Administrative ProceedingsToxic
TortsTortsProcedurePreemptionGeneral Overview


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            April 18, 2007 Wednesday

Indian conglomerate to buy Minnesota Steel

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: COLUMNISTS; Business; Intl Biz Briefing

LENGTH: 708 words


Minnesota Steel, which plans a $1.6 billion mining and steelmaking facility on
the Iron Range, is being bought out by India's Essar Global Ltd. The purchase,
announced Wednesday, comes just three days after Essar said it would buy
Canada's Algoma Steel in a cash deal valued at roughly $1.6 billion. Terms of
the Minnesota Steel purchase were not disclosed. St. Paul-based Minnesota Steel
has said its project will mine iron ore, process it and manufacture 2.5 million
tons of steel slab. The company claims to be building the first mine-to-steel
operation in North America and the first steelmaking plant in Minnesota. The
first phase of the new plant is expected to begin operating in 2009, if it gets
regulatory approval. Essar Global is an international conglomerate with
operations in steel, energy, communications, shipping and construction, with
projected revenue of $10 billion this fiscal year. NWA reaches retiree benefits
agreement

Northwest Airlines reached an agreement to continue health care benefits for
retirees as part of its effort to exit bankruptcy. Northwest retirees who are
under 65 and retired before Aug. 1, 2006, will be offered medical,
prescription-drug and dental coverage through the health plan available to
active employees. Retirees will be required to pay half of their medical
coverage and all of their dental premiums, Northwest said. The agreement was
reached with a committee of retirees, which has a claim of $120 million.
Northwest, in papers filed with U.S. Bankruptcy Court in New York, said it
expects the claim will be sold. Proceeds will be deposited into a trust fund
controlled by the retiree committee.

NAMES

Nash Finch Co., an Edina-based food distribution company, named Howard Befort, a
former longtime executive at Safeway Inc., as senior vice president,
merchandising.

BRIEFLY

Jacques Whitford, a Canadian environmental sciences and engineering company, has
acquired White Bear Lake's ecological-engineering firms North American Wetland
Engineering and EcoCheck Inc. Terms were not disclosed. ... The U.S. Food and
Drug Administration approved Little Canada-based St. Jude Medical's Merlin.net
Web-based data-management system for implantable cardiac devices. ...
Minnetonka-based Medica, through its grant-making arm, the Medica Foundation,
has awarded $5 million to the Minnesota Partnership for Biotechnology and
Medical Genomics to support three research projects in cancer and heart disease,
as well as two projects to provide research infrastructure improvements.

INSIDER TRADES

Best Buy Co. Inc.: Bradbury Anderson, chief executive officer, sold 273,367
shares April 10-11 at $47.32-$47.59 per share, option related; holds 2,530,781
shares.

Buffalo Wild Wings Inc.: Dale Applequist, director, sold 1,000 shares April 13
at $63.92 per share, 10(b) 5-1 Plan; holds 13,630 shares. Sally Smith, chief
executive officer, sold 4,000 shares April 16 at $64.00-$64.16 per share, 10(b)
5-1 Plan; holds 83,665 shares.

Entegris Inc.: James Dauwalter, chairman, sold 30,000 shares April 2 at
$10.60-$10.75 per share, option related, 10(b) 5-1 Plan; holds 3,460 shares.

Fair Isaac Corp.: Larry Rosenberger, vice president, sold 2,800 shares April 13
at $40.00 per share, 10(b) 5-1 Plan; holds 586,471 shares.

General Mills Inc.: Christopher O'Leary, vice president, sold 25,000 shares
April 11 at $58.95 per share, option related; hold 55,052 shares. Randy Darcy,
vice president, sold 4,242 shares April 11 at $58.68-$58.71 per share; holds
117,648 shares. Jeffery Rotsch, vice president, sold 3,836 shares April 12 at
$58.39 per share, option related, 10(b) 5-1 Plan; holds 162,087 shares.

Vital Images Inc.: Jay Miller, chief executive officer, sold 2,960 shares April
9 at $32.85 per share, option related, 10(b) 5-1 Plan; holds 34,277 shares.
Philip Smith, vice president, sold 10,000 shares April 12 at $31.34 per share,
option related, 10(b) 5-1 Plan; holds 12,175 shares.

Winmark Corp.: Ronald Olson, beneficial owner, sold 14,550 shares April 10 at
$19.70 per share; holds 977,777 shares.

- Trading of company stock reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission,
according to Bloomberg News; holdings include only common shares owned and do
not include stock warrants or options.

- Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            November 30, 2007 Friday

HEALTH HAPPENINGS

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Contra Costa; Eastern Contra Costa; My Town

LENGTH: 1257 words



     ·    Home Chore Registry Program: East County -- A program for seniors who
          need to hire someone to help with day-to-day tasks. For information
          about this program in East County call 925-439-1202.


United Healthcare Children's Foundation -- California parents with children in
need of medical services or equipment not fully covered by health insurance can
apply for a grant up to $5,000. For information:  http://www.uhccf.org .

Miracles on Wheels power wheelchairs -- No-cost electric power wheelchairs to
non-ambulatory senior citizens, 65 years-and older, and the permanently disabled
of any age. For information and qualifications: 1-800-749-8778,
http://www.jaspanmedical.com .

Wishes on Wheels power wheelchairs -- No cost power wheelchairs for
nonambulatory senior citizens ages 65 and older, and persons of any age with
permanent disabilities. For information and qualification: 1-800-823-5220,
http://www.threewishes2.com .


     ·    John Muir Mobile Health Clinic -- Operates the first four Saturdays of
          the month at 633 Village Drive, Brentwood. Provides free preventative
          and urgent medical care for those who are uninsured or unable to pay
          for care. For a schedule of dates and times, call 925-313-6250.


BLOOD DRIVES

American Red Cross Blood Drives -- 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com to
schedule appointment.

Dec. 17: 1:30-6:30 p.m. 200 E. Leland Road, Pittsburg. Use code: PITTSBURG.

Dec. 19: 9 a.m.-3 p.m. 2840 Willow Pass Road, Bay Point. Call Mary Morris at
925-458-7211 to schedule an appointment.

Dec. 28: 1-6 p.m. Sutter Delta Medical Center, Antioch. Use code:
SUTTERDELTAANT.

SUTTER DELTA


     ·    Sutter Delta Medical Center offers the following health events, 3901
          Lone Tree Way, Antioch:


Women's Health Center Tours: 1:30 or 7:30 p.m. first and third Mondays monthly.
925-779-7230.

"Calling It Quits": Smoking Cessation, Do you want to kick the habit of smoking?
Classes are scheduled as needed. For information, call 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Lactation Services, The Women's Health Center has lactation consultants with
services available for outpatient appointments. 925-779-7200, Ext. 4206,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Diabetic Education Series: 1-2:30 p.m. Dec. 3, 10, and 17. Understand diabetes
and how to control it through counseling, education and the support of others.
Edna Fallman Center. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

ABCs of Congestive Heart Failure: 10 a.m.-noon Dec. 5 and 12. A two-day class to
learn some tricks of the trade for coping with this manageable condition. Edna
Fallman Center. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Quarterly Diabetes Workshop: Protecting Against Heart Disease: 6-7:30 p.m. Dec.
6 and 12:30-2 p.m. Dec. 7. Come and meet others who share the same frustrations
and victories as you. A cardiologist will be available to answer your questions.
Community Education Room. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Advance Health Care Directive: 10-11:30 a.m. Dec. 10. Allows you to appoint
someone to speak on your behalf in the event of an emergency or if you are too
ill to make your wishes known. Edna Fallman Center. Free. Registration:
925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Little Helper: 6:30-7:30 p.m. Dec. 12. Helps children ages 3 to 8 prepare for a
new baby in the family. Women's Health Center. $10 per family. Registration:
925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Get Tough On Angina: 1-3 p.m. Dec. 14. Get a better understanding of angina: the
cause, diagnosis and treatment of this disease. Edna Fallman Center. Free.
Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Cardiac Risk Factors: 6-8 p.m. Dec. 19. Many have factors that put them at risk
of high blood pressure, heart attack and strokes. Find out how to change those
risk factors. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570,  http://www.sutterdelta.org .

CPR for Family and Friends: 5-8 p.m. Dec. 19. Teaches recognition and emergency
resuscitation techniques for laypersons who want to learn rescue skills for a
loved one. This is not a certification class. Edna Fallman Center. $10 per
person. Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

JOHN MUIR SENIOR SERVICES


     ·    John Muir Medical Center offers the following senior services at
          various locations:


Memory Screening, Morning and afternoon appointments available Dec. 18-19. Take
advantage of a seven minute screening that will provide you with information to
discuss with your physician. John Muir Out Patient Center, 2400 Balfour Road,
Brentwood. Free. Reservations: 925-947-3300.

JOHN MUIR, BRENTWOOD


     ·    John Muir Outpatient Center, Brentwood offers the following health
          events and services, 2400 Balfour Road, Brentwood:


Osteoporosis Screening, Low-dose screening, hip and spine bone densitometry
exams are available. Physician referral is required. For information, call
925-308-8123.

Babies in Brentwood, Support For New Parents: 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Mondays.
Interact with other new parents and babies age newborn to 6 months. Get
information, support and have fun. No registration required. 925-941-7900.

New Parent Group, 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Lactation: First and third Mondays
facilitated by a board-certified lactation consultant. Other Mondays will be
focused topics and open discussion on various parenting issues. Registration:
925-941-7900, option 3, http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

WOMEN'S HEALTH CENTER


     ·    John Muir Women's Health Center offers the following health events,
          1656 N. California Blvd., Walnut Creek.


The Wig Source, John Muir Medical Center Auxiliary provides free wigs to women
and children suffering hair loss due to medical treatment, such as chemotherapy
for cancer. This service is provided regardless of where treatment is being
received. Wig fitting appointments are available at the John Muir Women's Health
Center. 925-947-5328,

Breast in the Best, 10 a.m.-noon Wednesdays. This weekly drop-in class is for
breast-feeding mothers to come for basic education about general feeding,
supplementing, pumping and storing. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Osteoporosis Exercise, 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. For anyone who has been
diagnosed with osteoporosis. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Post Partum Depression/Anxiety Group: Get help with excessive worries about
yourself or your baby. Call 510-273-9548 for date, times and registration.

First Mondays for Women, Connect with other women on the first Monday of each
month and make new friends. Guest speakers, professional and personal support.
$10 per evening. Times and registration: 925-941-7900.

Yoga for Women, Noon-1 p.m. Tuesdays or 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. $70 for one
month. Registration: 925-942-7900, wwwjohnmuirhealth.com.

THE WELLNESS COMMUNITY


     ·    Offers the following health events, 3276 McNutt Avenue, Walnut Creek


Nutrition and Cancer Treatment, 10 a.m.-1 p.m. Dec. 1. Learn hoe to address
specific nutritional issues. Free. Registration: 925-933-0107.

Stress Reduction, 6-8 p.m. Dec. 4. This workshop will help patients and
caregivers learn to focus and relax the mind and body. Free. Registration:
925-933-0107.

Mindful Chi Kung, 10 a.m.-noon Dec. 8. You will greatly improve your sense of
well-being with this practice along with meditation. Free. Registration:
925-933-0107.

Deep Spiritual Awareness Through the Cancer Experience, 4-6 p.m. Dec. 13. In
this workshop participants will have the opportunity to explore and deepen their
spirituality. Sutter Delta Medical Center, 3901 Lone Tree Way, Antioch. Free.
Registration: 925-779-3570.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     November 16, 2003 Sunday Home Edition

INSIDE METRO BUSINESS: NEWSMAKERS

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business; Pg. 2H

LENGTH: 383 words


Real estate

Brian Terrell has been named executive vice president at Staubach Co. ... Sharon
Cunningham has been named recruiting director at Prudential Georgia Realty. ...
Jeff D. Warshaw has been named director of acquisitions at Julian LeCraw and Co.
Inc

Finance

Maura A. McKenna and Konda Pollard have been named vice presidents and
relationship managers in the Private Client Services division of Bank of North
Georgia. ... The following appointments have been made at HomeBanc Mortgage
Corp.: Alan Lee, chief recruiting officer; Susan Neal, senior vice president of
credit policy; and Gordon Grant, senior vice president of project management.
... Charles W. Blair Jr. has been named chairman of the board of nBank NA. ...
Lori Allison has been named client services manager at Madison Retirement
Resources. ... Kenneth A. Orkin has been named to the board of Piedmont Bank of
Georgia.

Technology

David Leach has been named chief operating officer at Procuri Inc.

Nonprofit

Randy Cobb has been named to the board of Childkind.

General business

Charles H. Morris Jr., Dan Smalley and Dorman Grace have been appointed to the
board at Gold Kist Inc. ... Paul Lambert has been named vice president of the
underwriting and actuarial division of Delta Dental Insurance Co.

Communications

The following appointments have been made at Comcast Cable's southern division:
Chuck Sargent, vice president of new products, and Scott Calloway, vice
president of online and telephony.

Health care

David B. Edwards has been named vice president of early development at
AtheroGenics Inc. ... Ed Lovern has been named executive vice president of
corporate services at Piedmont Medical Center.

Advertising

Mike Greenwell has been named a senior vice president at the Atlanta office of
Fleishman-Hillard Inc.

Hospitality

J.R. Blankenship has been named director of sales for Divine Events Catering.

Only notices of promotion or appointment to supervisory positions will be
considered. Newsmakers does not publish awards. Proper names and positions must
be provided. Photographs must carry identification and can't be returned.
Notices should be sent to Newsmakers, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, P.O. Box
4689, Atlanta, GA 30302, or e-mailed to lhoffman@ajc.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mug shot of David Leach; Photo: Mug shot of Brian Terrell;
Photo: Mug shot of Maura A. McKenna; Photo: Mug shot of Konda Pollard

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 26, 2014 Saturday

Michigan AHEC Launches U.P. Regional Center

LENGTH: 878  words

DATELINE: Marquette


Northern Michigan University has issued the following news release:
The Michigan Area Health Education Center has announced the launch of its Upper
Peninsula Regional Center. Located at Northern Michigan University in Marquette,
the center will be responsible for implementing AHEC goals in 15 counties:
Alger, Baraga, Chippewa, Delta, Dickinson, Gogebic, Houghton, Iron, Keweenaw,
Luce, Mackinac, Marquette, Menominee, Ontonagon and Schoolcraft.

Established by Wayne State University in 2010, Michigan AHEC seeks to enhance
access to quality health care, particularly primary and preventive care, by
improving the supply and distribution of health care professionals through
community and educational partnerships. Through a statewide network of regional
centers, Michigan AHEC prepares underrepresented and disadvantaged youth for
health care careers, promotes clinical training opportunities for students in
shortage areas and provides continuing education programs for health
professionals. Congress created the national AHEC program in 1971.

"Michigan AHEC is excited about extending our reach and resources to the Upper
Peninsula," said Dr. Ramona Benkert, Ph.D., A.N.P.-B.C., F.A.A.N.P., associate
dean for clinical and academic affairs of the WSU College of Nursing and
co-principal investigator of the Michigan AHEC program. "The Upper Peninsula has
a severe shortage of primary care and other health professionals. We are pleased
Northern Michigan University has joined the Michigan AHEC team and look forward
to working with the university and the community to identify and address
northern Michigan's health care workforce needs."

As host partner for the Upper Peninsula Regional Center, NMU offers medical
pre-professional programs as well as certificate, bachelor's and master's degree
programs in nursing, clinical lab sciences, and allied health. Students also
have the opportunity to participate in the Early Assurance Program, an
initiative that targets students from underserved rural or urban areas,
first-generation college students, graduates from low-income high schools,
students who are Pell grant-eligible or those who are interested in practicing
medicine in a high-need specialty in areas where there are health care
shortages.

"We are very happy to have Northern Michigan University serve as our host
partner in the state's AHEC network," said Valerie M. Parisi, M.D., M.P.H.,
M.B.A., dean of the WSU School of Medicine and co-principal investigator of the
Michigan AHEC program. "The northern regions of our great state also are
underserved areas in terms of access to health care. Having NMU join us in this
effort will be crucial to further addressing this issue."

The Upper Peninsula Regional Center is the fourth of Michigan AHEC's five
regional centers. The Southeast Regional Center, established in 2011, is located
in Detroit and hosted by the Greater Detroit Area Health Council. Opened in
2012, the Mid-Central Regional Center is hosted by Central Michigan University.
The Western Regional Center, launched in 2013 and located in Grand Rapids, is
hosted by Western Michigan University. The Northern Lower Regional Center is
expected to open in 2015.

Dr. Mary Jane Tremethick, assistant dean and director of the NMU School of
Health and Human Performance, was appointed interim executive director of the
Upper Peninsula Regional Center. In this role, Tremethick will plan, organize,
direct and evaluate all aspects of the center, including financial
administration, program planning and development, personnel management,
fundraising, and public relations and marketing. Before becoming a professor at
NMU in 2000, she served as assistant professor in the department of Health
Education and Promotion at Western Illinois State University, and she worked for
several years as a registered nurse at Marquette (Mich.) General Hospital.
Tremethick earned her bachelor's degree in nursing and master's degree in
community college teaching from Northern Michigan University and her doctorate
from the University of Tennessee, Knoxville.

Cindy Noble was named program manager for the Upper Peninsula Regional Center.
She will manage programs, coordinate data collection, and develop public
relations, marketing and community engagement strategies. Noble previously
served as parks and recreation coordinator for the city of Marquette. Her duties
included supervising staff at multiple municipal facilities, administering and
executing contracts, writing grant proposals, and coordinating department
communications and activities. Noble taught courses in health promotion and
personal training as an adjunct instructor at Northern Michigan University,
where she earned her master's degree. She earned her bachelor's degree at the
University of Minnesota, Morris.

Michigan AHEC is funded by the U.S. Health Resources and Services
Administration, The Kresge Foundation and Wayne State University. Academic
partners include Wayne State University's College of Nursing, College of
Pharmacy and Health Sciences, School of Medicine and School of Social Work; the
University of Detroit Mercy School of Dentistry; Central Michigan University;
Western Michigan University; and Northern Michigan University.

For more information please visit: http://www.nmu.edu

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 26, 2014 Saturday

Michigan AHEC Launches U.P. Regional Center

LENGTH: 878  words

DATELINE: Marquette


Northern Michigan University has issued the following news release:

The Michigan Area Health Education Center has announced the launch of its Upper
Peninsula Regional Center. Located at Northern Michigan University in Marquette,
the center will be responsible for implementing AHEC goals in 15 counties:
Alger, Baraga, Chippewa, Delta, Dickinson, Gogebic, Houghton, Iron, Keweenaw,
Luce, Mackinac, Marquette, Menominee, Ontonagon and Schoolcraft.

Established by Wayne State University in 2010, Michigan AHEC seeks to enhance
access to quality health care, particularly primary and preventive care, by
improving the supply and distribution of health care professionals through
community and educational partnerships. Through a statewide network of regional
centers, Michigan AHEC prepares underrepresented and disadvantaged youth for
health care careers, promotes clinical training opportunities for students in
shortage areas and provides continuing education programs for health
professionals. Congress created the national AHEC program in 1971.

"Michigan AHEC is excited about extending our reach and resources to the Upper
Peninsula," said Dr. Ramona Benkert, Ph.D., A.N.P.-B.C., F.A.A.N.P., associate
dean for clinical and academic affairs of the WSU College of Nursing and
co-principal investigator of the Michigan AHEC program. "The Upper Peninsula has
a severe shortage of primary care and other health professionals. We are pleased
Northern Michigan University has joined the Michigan AHEC team and look forward
to working with the university and the community to identify and address
northern Michigan's health care workforce needs."

As host partner for the Upper Peninsula Regional Center, NMU offers medical
pre-professional programs as well as certificate, bachelor's and master's degree
programs in nursing, clinical lab sciences, and allied health. Students also
have the opportunity to participate in the Early Assurance Program, an
initiative that targets students from underserved rural or urban areas,
first-generation college students, graduates from low-income high schools,
students who are Pell grant-eligible or those who are interested in practicing
medicine in a high-need specialty in areas where there are health care
shortages.

"We are very happy to have Northern Michigan University serve as our host
partner in the state's AHEC network," said Valerie M. Parisi, M.D., M.P.H.,
M.B.A., dean of the WSU School of Medicine and co-principal investigator of the
Michigan AHEC program. "The northern regions of our great state also are
underserved areas in terms of access to health care. Having NMU join us in this
effort will be crucial to further addressing this issue."

The Upper Peninsula Regional Center is the fourth of Michigan AHEC's five
regional centers. The Southeast Regional Center, established in 2011, is located
in Detroit and hosted by the Greater Detroit Area Health Council. Opened in
2012, the Mid-Central Regional Center is hosted by Central Michigan University.
The Western Regional Center, launched in 2013 and located in Grand Rapids, is
hosted by Western Michigan University. The Northern Lower Regional Center is
expected to open in 2015.

Dr. Mary Jane Tremethick, assistant dean and director of the NMU School of
Health and Human Performance, was appointed interim executive director of the
Upper Peninsula Regional Center. In this role, Tremethick will plan, organize,
direct and evaluate all aspects of the center, including financial
administration, program planning and development, personnel management,
fundraising, and public relations and marketing. Before becoming a professor at
NMU in 2000, she served as assistant professor in the department of Health
Education and Promotion at Western Illinois State University, and she worked for
several years as a registered nurse at Marquette (Mich.) General Hospital.
Tremethick earned her bachelor's degree in nursing and master's degree in
community college teaching from Northern Michigan University and her doctorate
from the University of Tennessee, Knoxville.

Cindy Noble was named program manager for the Upper Peninsula Regional Center.
She will manage programs, coordinate data collection, and develop public
relations, marketing and community engagement strategies. Noble previously
served as parks and recreation coordinator for the city of Marquette. Her duties
included supervising staff at multiple municipal facilities, administering and
executing contracts, writing grant proposals, and coordinating department
communications and activities. Noble taught courses in health promotion and
personal training as an adjunct instructor at Northern Michigan University,
where she earned her master's degree. She earned her bachelor's degree at the
University of Minnesota, Morris.

Michigan AHEC is funded by the U.S. Health Resources and Services
Administration, The Kresge Foundation and Wayne State University. Academic
partners include Wayne State University's College of Nursing, College of
Pharmacy and Health Sciences, School of Medicine and School of Social Work; the
University of Detroit Mercy School of Dentistry; Central Michigan University;
Western Michigan University; and Northern Michigan University.

For more information please visit: http://www.nmu.edu

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                           November 15, 1999, Monday

People

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 1121 words


CONSULTING

Isaac Rousso to director of operations, DMR Consulting Group Inc., Southfield,
from manager, Bell Atlantic network integration.

Samuel Huston to principal and senior health care specialist, Jay Alix &
Associates, Southfield, from president and CEO, Saint Luke's Foundation,
Cleveland.

DISTRIBUTORS

Howard Boynton to sales consultant, hollow metal door division, Detroit Door &
Hardware Co., Madison Heights, from sales consultant, Michigan Door, Howell.

Catherine Harmon-Suzer to marketing coordinator, Interior Systems Contract Group
Inc., Royal Oak, from marketing development, FMG, Flint.

EDUCATION

Kathleen Emrich to interim dean of the School of Nursing, Oakland University,
Rochester Hills, from assistant professor, School of Nursing.

ENGINEERING

Douglas Berner to associate, SSOE Inc., Troy, remaining lead engineer and
project manager. Also, Philip Garcia Jr. to associate, remaining automotive
architectural department manager; Frank Kemezis to associate, remaining health
care business leader; and Daniel Meloche to associate, remaining project
manager, health care, institutional and commercial division.

ENTERTAINMENT

Susan Greenfield to vice president-legal, Palace Sports and Entertainment,
Auburn Hills, from corporate counsel.

FINANCE

Tim Giacoletti to senior manager, tax department, Grant Thornton L.L.P.,
Southfield, from manager, Deloitte & Touche, Detroit.

Daniel Lynch to manager, executive compensation consulting services, Great Lakes
market circle, Arthur Andersen L.L.P., Detroit, from associate, William M.
Mercer, Detroit. Also, David Reynolds to senior, Business Process Risk
Consulting Practice, from assistant project manager, Pierce Monroe & Associates,
L.L.C., Detroit.

HOSPITALITY

Pat Tinetti to director of sales and marketing, Detroit Marriott Pontiac at
Centerpoint, Pontiac, from director of sales and marketing, Troy Marriott, Troy.

INDUSTRY GROUPS

Edgar Pugh Jr., president, Pugh & Associates P.C., Bloomfield Hills, elected
chancellor of the Delta Theta Phi Law Fraternity International. The fraternity
is a 99-year-old law fraternity with more than 100,000 members.

Bruce Babiarz, Caponigro Public Relations Inc., elected president of the
1999-2000 board of directors of the Michigan Chapter of The Society for
Marketing Professional Services, Plymouth. Also, Steve Board, Barton Malow Co.,
president-elect; Ernie Hickson, Detroit Edison Co., treasurer; Sarah Hill,
marketing consultant, secretary; and Laney Henson, Soil and Materials Engineers
Inc., immediate past president. Elected as at-large directors were: Karen
Anneberg, Spalding, DeDecker & Associates Inc.; Amanda Cragin, French
Associates; Mary LeFevre, Turner Construction Co.; Judy Little, Harley Ellington
Design; Dan McNulty, Atwell-Hicks Inc.; and Terry Simpson, Professional Service
Industries.

INFO/TECHNOLOGY

Jerome York, vice chairman, Tracinda Corp., Las Vegas, appointed to the board of
directors, National TechTeam Inc. (Nasdaq: TEAM), Dearborn.

Steven Leichtman to president and COO, MacroSoft, Rochester Hills, from senior
vice president.

LAW

William Jansen to partner, Warner Norcross & Judd L.L.P., Southfield, from
private practice. Also, Jeffrey Plopa to partner, from senior vice president and
general counsel, First of Michigan Corp., Bloomfield Hills; and Deborah
Schneider to partner, from managing partner, Adkinson, Need, Green, Allen &
Schneider, Bloomfield Hills.

Harold Pope to partner, Jaffe, Raitt, Heuer & Weiss, Detroit, from litigation
practice, Segue, Fair, Adams & Pope plc, Detroit.

MANUFACTURING

Terrence Bishop to vice president of sales and marketing, Sealant Equipment &
Engineering, Plymouth, from program manager, Fanuc Robotics North America,
Rochester Hills.

MARKETING

Fred Sattler to executive vice president/executive media director, Doner,
Southfield, from director of media strategy/managing partner, TBWA/Chiat Day,
San Francisco. Also, Stefan Kogler to director of online and interactive
environments, from staff member, interactive and online media.

Laura Moseley to vice president, Caponigro Public Relations Inc., Southfield,
from owner of her own public relations practice

Lauri Despard to management supervisor, Duffey, Petrosky & Co. (DP & Co.),
Southfield, from account director.

MEDIA

Nancy Phillips to account executive, Detroit Jewish News and STYLE Magazine,
Southfield, from account executive, Lawrence Street Publications, Southfield.
Also, Thomas Wagner to account executive, from general sales manager, WAAM-AM
1600, Ann Arbor; Dale Rubin to circulation manager, from centennial celebration
special events coordinator, Jewish Federation of Metropolitan Detroit; and
Jeffrey Torok to creative services manager, from art and marketing services
director, Bill Communications, Akron, Ohio.

David Bangura to local sales manager, WDWB-TV Channel 20, Southfield, from
senior account executive, WJBK-TV Channel 2, Southfield.

NONPROFITS

Sally Foster, volunteer, the Junior Group, Goodwill Industries Volunteer
Services, Goodwill Industries of Greater Detroit, Detroit, elected international
president, Goodwill Industries Volunteer Services.Judith Jackson to vice
president, Detroit Youth Foundation, Detroit, from executive director,
Franklin-Wright Settlements Inc. Detroit.

RETAIL

Andrew Belsky to CFO and secretary/treasurer, Sibley's Shoes, Warren, from vice
president, finance, Imperial Sports, Flint.

Lori Secord to merchandising manager of tropical and flowering plants, English
Gardens, West Bloomfield Township, from floral field merchandiser/buyer,
Floramore Inc., Miami. Also, Giles Kidd to merchandising manager for bird
supplies, chemicals, fertilizers and garden tools, from buyer, Arbor Drugs Inc.,
Troy; and Cathleen Kapatos to florist manager, West Bloomfield Township store,
from dealership director, Bernard C Chocolates, Southfield.

SUPPLIERS

Gary Nienaltowski to CFO, Fraza Equipment Inc., Roseville, from controller,
Milliken Millwork, Inc., Sterling Heights.

Nick Parker to vice president of program management, Oxford Automotive, Troy,
from executive director of advanced engineering.

Steve Reed to sales engineer, Troy Tooling, Rochester Hills, from regional
manager, PSI Alliance Inc., Minneapolis.

TELECOMMUNICATIONS

Greg Heirman to direct sales manager, Michigan and Northwest Ohio team, Sprint
PCS, Detroit, from account executive, Lucent Technologies, Southfield. Also,
Tracey Hurd to direct sales manager, from national certification trainer and
training specialist, Sprint PCS, Los Angeles; and Linda Obrec to area marketing
manager, from senior director of business opportunities, Detroit Regional
Chamber, Detroit.


LOAD-DATE: November 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lynch: Jansen: Plopa: Schneider: Sattler

                   Copyright 1999 Crain Communications, Inc.


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Enid News & Eagle (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 9, 2013 Saturday

Coming to Enid: MobileSmiles offers free dentist to uninsured

BYLINE: Phyllis Zorn, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 590 words


March 09--ENID, Okla. -- A limited number of uninsured Enid adults will be able
to see a dentist free of charge when the MobileSmiles Oklahoma dental van comes
to Enid Community Clinic April 20.

MobileSmiles Oklahoma is operated jointly by the Oklahoma Dental Foundation and
Delta Dental Foundation. Through the program, two fully equipped "dental offices
on wheels" travel the state giving low-cost or no-cost dental care to those in
need. The program will treat people who haven't seen a dentist in two years or
longer.

Janet Cordell, Enid Community Clinic coordinator, said it's hoped next month's
MobileSmiles visit will be only the first of many visits to Enid. The idea is to
provide dental services for adults, Cordell said.

"Our focus locally is going to be those who do not have access to dental care,"
Cordell said.

Cordell said local dentists are good about seeing children who need care, even
when there is no reimbursement, but it's harder to find dentists who will see
uninsured adults. Part of the reason is because adult dental problems are
typically more complex, Cordell said. It's not as easy as pulling a tooth or
giving a filling.

Cordell said patients at Enid Community Clinic often have dental problems.

"We see a tremendous number of people with meth mouth," Cordell noted.

According to the American Dental Association, "meth mouth" is a term for the
tooth and oral health damage caused by the illegal and highly addictive drug
methamphetamine.

"The extensive tooth decay is likely caused by a combination of drug-induced
psychological and physiological changes, resulting in dry mouth and long periods
of poor oral hygiene," the ADA-sponsored website mouthhealty.org reads.

But meth mouth is not the only dental issue for Enid Clinic patients.

"We see a fair number of people down here who have an abscessed tooth," Cordell
said. "All we can do is give them antibiotics."

The problem with that is, chronic and systemic infections lead to an array of
other health problems, Cordell said. Oral health issues can be the springboard
for any number of life-threatening diseases.

Susan Hoover, program relations manager for the Oklahoma Dental Foundation, said
the first mobile dental care van in Oklahoma was launched in 2006 by ODF. Last
year, the Delta Dental Foundation partnered with ODF to add a second unit and
the program was renamed MobileSmiles Oklahoma.

"We saw over 1,000 patients last year, and I think less than 10 of them actually
had some type of insurance," Hoover said.

Despite that, dentists throughout the state haven't always welcomed the arrival
of the van, Hoover said.

"We have had some push-back from local dentists when we go to towns," Hoover
said.

The exact location where MobileSmiles will set up in Enid has not been
determined, but it will be somewhere in the vicinity of Enid Community Clinic,
said Merle Isaak, social worker for the Garfield County Health Department.

As the day of the MobileSmiles van's appearance in Enid comes closer, more
details will be announced, Isaak said.

"As we get closer to the time and we learn more about the scheduling, then we'll
get as many people as we can to get their paperwork turned in," Cordell said.

According to the Oklahoma State Department of Health, 56 Oklahoma counties have
a shortage of dental health professionals, including Garfield, Grant, Kay,
Major, Noble, Woods and Woodward counties in northwest Oklahoma.

___ (c)2013 the Enid News & Eagle (Enid, Okla.) Visit the Enid News & Eagle
(Enid, Okla.) at www.enidnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130309-EK-Coming-to-Enid-MobileSmiles-offers-free-dentist-to-uninsured-0309-20
130309

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EK


                        Copyright 2013 Enid News & Eagle


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     January 13, 1999 Wednesday 2D EDITION

Olympic report on new bid rules in the pipeline Detailed document due Jan. 24

BYLINE: By Bruce Finley, Denver Post International Affairs Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 754 words


The bribery scandal that surfaced in Salt Lake City and rocked the Olympics
worldwide apparently is leading to changes in how cities compete to host future
Games.

The Switzerland-based IOC announced Tuesday that a detailed report, due Jan. 24,
is expected to "make recommendations with regards to changes to the bidding for
Olympic Games."

The IOC also announced - through a newly hired New York public relations firm -
that IOC investigators have gathered enough evidence to complete a bribery
investigation and recommend expulsion of some members.

IOC officials "identified improper behavior by certain IOC members with respect
to the Salt Lake City bid," said a statement released from Hill & Knowlton's
Mari Hope.

IOC President Juan Antonio Samaranch sent letters to IOC selection members
implicated in Utah corruption. Those members "have been given the opportunity to
respond to any charges against them before the (IOC) commission presents its
recommendations," the statement said.

Meanwhile, concerned corporate backers of the Olympics for the most part were
holding tight. Though Denver-based US West is delaying a $ 5 million sponsorship
payment, internal statements from major sponsors such as Coca-Cola, Delta
Airlines, and Blue Cross Blue Shield pledged continued support.

All this had Colorado-based U.S. Olympic Committee leaders confident, for the
moment, that they are moving beyond a potentially devastating ethical blotch.

"We think the statement by the IOC is very positive," USOC President Bill Hybl
said. "And we certainly are supportive of any changes that will ensure the
fairness of the site selection process."

The USOC also announced changes on Tuesday.

The USOC is going to increase oversight of U.S. cities competing to host the
Olympics, Hybl told The Denver Post. "It's possible that the USOC would even
place a USOC staff member on the staff of the bid committee."

This morning, Hybl was to meet with Utah Gov. Mike Leavitt in Salt Lake City on
how the USOC can help in the Salt Lake Organizing Committee's restructuring.

The two top organizers - SLOC President Frank Joklik and Vice President Dave
Johnson - resigned Friday. The search for a new leader has begun.

Revelations in the bribery scandal, which surfaced late in November, include
evidence of direct cash payments of as much as $ 70,000 and possible use of
bid-team credit cards to buy female escorts for visiting IOC members.

SLOC officials have announced evidence of a profitable land deal arranged for an
African IOC member and expenditures of nearly $ 400,000 on college scholarships
and athletic training for friends and relatives of IOC members. Tax forms
apparently weren't filled out properly. And Utah health providers said they
provided free medical service for IOC people - at the behest of bid team leader
Tom Welch - in the bid effort. Gift-giving included a gun for IOC President
Samaranch.

The IOC's own investigation into all this, led by Canadian lawyer Dick Pound, is
one of four probes in progress. Utah investigators, a USOC commission headed by
former Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell, and the U.S. Department of
Justice also have promised detailed, forthright reports over the next few months
- in the name of restoring the integrity of the tarnished Olympics.

Pound was in Barbados Tuesday and did not return phone calls. He has said that
possible reforms could include letting the IOC's 11-member executive board pick
host cities - instead of giving all 115 IOC members a vote.

IOC Vice President Anita DeFrantz, a former U.S. track star who also serves on
the USOC, could not be reached for comment either.

IOC leaders have maintained all along that Salt Lake City won on its merits even
if a few votes were swayed. The IOC decided not to take away Salt Lake City's
2002 Games.

But meeting the SLOC's $ 1.45 billion budget for staging the Games depends on
corporate support. So far, about 72 percent of the $ 859 million in sponsorship
money needed for the Game has been committed.

"We're encouraged by the initial response of the IOC, USOC and SLOC and are
confident they will take the appropriate measures to resolve this issue,"
Coca-Cola spokesman Ben Deutsch said.

USOC officials have delayed their schedule for raising about $ 200 million more.

Hybl said Tuesday that fund-raising should be no problem.

"No athletes have resigned their posts," Hybl said. "No athletes are under
investigation. And the world's best athletes will come to Salt Lake City in
2002."


LOAD-DATE: January 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            April 17, 2010 Saturday

Delta firms urge hukou reform amid labour shortage;
Employers want rules on hiring eased, and labour imports

BYLINE: Chloe Lai

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 01

LENGTH: 1080 words


Severe labour shortages in the Pearl River Delta have prompted some
manufacturers to urge mainland authorities to reform the  hukou system of
household registration to grant residency status to migrant workers - and even
to import foreign workers.

The Dongguan City Association of Overseas Enterprises,  an organisation of
manufacturers from Hong Kong, Taiwan, Japan and South Korea, made the proposals
to Dongguan party chief Liu Zhigeng  and mayor Li Yuquan  during a meeting last
week.

Importing labour would allow manufacturers to hire workers to do jobs Chinese
workers do not want to do, said Henry Chan, vice-chairman of the Dongguan
association and a deputy of the Guangdong Chinese People's Political
Consultative Conference.

Meanwhile, opening up the hukou system could lure migrant workers back to the
city because it would  give them access to welfare benefits to which only city
dwellers  are entitled.

"We made the suggestions on how to solve the problem for the long term," Chan
said. "The officials acknowledged the difficulties our businesses are facing.
I'm sure we are not the first ones to tell them these two are long-term
solutions to the labour shortage."

Yi Xianrong,  a finance professor at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences,
said he supported the call to open residency rights to the rural population. But
he blasted the idea of importing labour.

"Labour is in oversupply in China," he said. "They can't hire people because the
salaries are low.  Importing labour may not necessarily be cheaper.

"And how are they going to solve the problem of language and cultural
differences? Do they remember only last year, when there was a protest in
Guangzhou by Africans?" Yi referred to a protest  last July by about 200
Africans  outside a police station in Guangzhou after a Nigerian fell from a
building when police officers were checking his visa.

Also, Yi said, "the city is expensive for rural people. To attract them and make
them stay, the only solution is higher salaries."

Plunging exports during the financial crisis led to the collapse of many
manufacturers in the delta and consequently an  exodus of migrant workers from
coastal cities.

The State Council estimated that  15.3 per cent of the country's 130 million
migrant workers lost their jobs during the financial crisis. More than 10
million returned to their  hometowns  thereafter.

Many have decided to stay in their hometowns even though the economy is picking
up, while orders have started mounting at Guangdong factories. That is in part
because many industries - especially heavily polluting ones such as chemicals,
paper and heavy metals - are moving inland and rural workers can find jobs
closer to home, Perry Leung, a labour rights activist, said.

Now manufacturers in the  delta are desperate to hire migrant workers to handle
an upswing in demand.  Guangzhou's Southern Weekly estimated the  delta  is in
need of some two million workers.

To help lure workers and relieve the labour shortage, the Guangdong Labour and
Social Security Bureau  announced last month that the  minimum wage in the
province would be raised an average 21 per cent. That is the biggest wage
increase since the province introduced standard minimum wages in 1994.

Guangzhou, the capital of the province, will increase wages to 1,030 yuan
(HK$1,170) a month from 860 yuan, while  wages in Dongguan will be raised to 920
yuan from 780 yuan.

Leung said the minimum wage is very important because manufacturers pay their
workers barely more than the government requires.

Stanley Lau Chin-ho,  deputy chairman of the Federation of Hong Kong Industries,
admitted some of the federation's members are also discussing the possibility of
importing  workers.

Lau said the  labour shortage is largely due to structural changes in the
mainland's population. Lower population growth after decades of birth control
and the one-child policy, plus the improved education of the younger generation
are the major  factors.

"Young people are no longer interested in working in factories," he said. "They
prefer working for fast-food chains than going to factories."

Lau said importing labour is worth exploring, but  moving to capital- and
technology-intensive manufacturing is the only long-term solution to the labour
shortage.

"It is not going to be easy," he said. "It needs state approval. Of course, if
the government agrees, we will be more than happy to find a way to make it
work."

Top-tier mainland cities have policies on attracting foreign talent, but there
is no law or policy on recruiting factory workers from overseas.

Occasionally media reports say that illegal workers from Vietnam and Cambodia
are working in  delta factories.

But many experts say they think reforming the hukou system is a more viable
solution to the labour shortage than importing foreign workers.

The hukou system was introduced more than 50 years ago to curb the migration of
peasants into the cities. But now, with a market economy that requires the free
movement of workers, many say the system is no longer appropriate.

In a rare move, 13 mainland newspapers  published a joint editorial last month
exhorting the country's leaders to abolish the hukou system. The writer for the
Economic Observer's editorial was dismissed, according to some media reports.

Tens of million of people - possibility up to 200 million - no longer live in
their registered domiciles because they work in factories churning out products
for export. But they and their children - even those born in the cities where
they work - still carry with them the stigma of rural residence. That means they
cannot receive the social welfare benefits that urban residents get, such as
public housing assistance and health-care services, and their children cannot go
to local schools.

"It is true manufacturers have difficulty finding workers," Leung, the labour
activist, said. "But the problem is not that no one wants to work, but that the
salary is not attractive enough for them to leave home and work in the delta.
Manufacturers are not willing to pay more or can't afford to pay more because
buyers in the developed economies are not willing to pay more."

Leung says manufacturers should accept the fact that they cannot rely on
suppressing labour costs to stay competitive.

"If their competitive advantage is labour cost, they will eventually have to
move to the poor part of the country or even to other countries, just as they
left Hong Kong 30 years ago," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Many delta factories were hit as export orders plunged during the
financial crisis, but manufacturers are now desperate to hire workers as product
orders pick up.; Guangdong has raised wages to help lure workers. Photos: Edward
Wong

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                           September 8, 2003, Monday

Rumblings

SECTION: Pg. 34

LENGTH: 781 words


Bad passport escapes notice by U.S. security

Lynn Portnoy travels frequently to Europe for buying trips for her Southfield
women's clothing store and to research a series of travel guides for women.

But her round-trip to Paris in less than 24 hours last week is the trip she'll
never forget. The veteran retailer says her experience should set off alarms
within the Transportation Security Administration.

Portnoy took Northwest Airlines Flight 50 to Paris on Aug. 31. When she opened
her passport to begin filling out her landing card, she realized she had grabbed
an expired passport.

''It had a big, red 'canceled' stamp and was cut,'' she said. ''Yet I passed
through four security points in Detroit, and no one ever noticed.''

She received a boarding pass at an e-ticket machine by punching in the password
number for her expired passport. She also handed her passport and boarding pass
to security people at the screening gate, to the attendant at the Northwest
WorldClub and again at the departure gate.

''Nobody noticed,'' said a frustrated Portnoy.

''If anyone had, I would have called my neighbor to bring the right passport and
been aggravated for half an hour instead of losing the trip.''

Arriving in Paris at 10:30 a.m. Monday, Portnoy found the French customs agent
quickly realized the passport had expired. She was sent to an immigration
station, where her requests to call the U.S. Embassy were denied. ''I had my
real passport number written in my wallet ... but nobody cared.''

There was also a debate about whether Northwest would allow her back on the 2:30
p.m. return flight, which she ultimately boarded.

''The whole thing was like a Fellini film that I was starring in,'' Portnoy
said.

She's irked that Northwest will give her no credit for the round-trip ticket,
even though their staff had not spotted the invalid passport.

''A 65-year-old woman gives them an invalid document, and nobody checks it. I
think it's a security issue. Nobody is looking at these documents. Any terrorist
could use a phony passport and get on a plane.''

TV network helps with Cranbrook roof job

The Cranbrook House roof received some TLC, thanks partly to HGTV.

Home & Garden Television, the National Trust for Historic Preservation and 12
historic sites are part of a program called ''Restore America - A Salute to
Preservation.'' Cranbrook House is one of those sites.

Also, a few years ago, Cranbrook received a $300,000 grant from the National
Park Service to restore the west wing roof on the house, which was built from
1904 to 1908 for George and Ellen Scripps Booth. The roof work was done this
summer, and Cranbrook was included in summer programming on HGTV. A show
specific to Cranbrook is scheduled to air next year.

Allen Bros. Inc., a roofing company in Rochester Hills, was hired to reroof the
house. The roof is made out of flat clay tiles, which are custom-ordered to
match the house's original style. The tiles were produced by Ludowici Roof Tile
in New Lexington, Ohio, manufacturer of the original tiles from when the west
wing was added in 1918.

Copper gutters and chimney work are other parts of the project. Cranbrook said
the total project cost is $962,000.

Other contractors on the project were Grunwell-Cashero, Detroit, for masonry,
and SmithGroup, Detroit, for architecture.

Ex-surgeon general to give health care diagnosis

Former U.S. Surgeon General David Satcher will talk about America's aging
population, its epidemic of obesity and the economics of health care delivery on
Sept. 18 at the annual investors' meeting of Beringea L.L.C.'s InvestCare
Partners Fund.

Farmington Hills-based Beringea is an equity investment firm. Its InvestCare
Partners fund invests in health care companies such as Healthetech and InTouch
Health. Healthetech developed a product called BodyGem that can analyze a
person's metabolic rate in one minute using a portable device. InTouch Health
developed a remote health-monitor robot as a solution to the nursing shortage,
which has been made more acute by the aging population.

Farewell, Fahnestock & Co.

First of Michigan isn't Fahnestock anymore.

Fahnestock & Co. Inc., through its Canadian parent Fahnestock Viner Holdings
Inc., acquired Detroit-based brokerage First of Michigan Corp in 1997. A year
ago, Fahnestock Viner changed First of Michigan's name to Fahnestock & Co. Inc.

But last winter, Fahnestock bought the Oppenheimer Private Client and Asset
Management divisions from CIBC World Markets Corp. So beginning on Labor Day,
Fahnestock Viner Holdings changed its name to Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. And
Fahnestock & Co. became Oppenheimer & Co.


LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Satcher

                   Copyright 2003 Crain Communications, Inc.


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Farmers Independent (Bagley, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 3, 2014

Northern Dental Access Center joins National Childrens Oral Health Foundation
Affiliate Network

BYLINE: Farmers Independent staff

LENGTH: 240  words


Charlotte, NC - National Children's Oral Health Foundation: America's

Tooth Fairy (NCOHF) welcomes Northern Dental Access Center to its national
Affiliate Network.

The NCOHF Affiliate Network is a collaborative alliance of community clinics,
leading university dental and dental hygiene programs, hospitals, mobile dental
programs and school-based programs that provide comprehensive oral health
services through education, preventive and restorative care to disadvantaged
families. Since its founding in 2006, NCOHF has distributed more than $14
million in vital community based programs, educational materials, oral care
products and financial grants to this network.

Northern Dental Access Center is a non-profit, community agency made up of a
consortium of community stakeholders who share a commitment to assuring access
to oral health education and care for children and families in Northern
Minnesota. The partnership of Northern Dental Access Center will further
strengthen the NCOHF Minnesota Oral Health Zone--a program launched in June 2014
with generous funding from the Delta Dental of Minnesota Foundation. The Oral
Health Zone Program engages all area stakeholders including community leaders,
healthcare providers, health coalitions, educators, businesses, foundations and
civic organizations in a comprehensive approach to eliminating severe tooth
decay and implementing strategies for education and service delivery in
Minnesota.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Health

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FRM

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Farmers Independent


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             March 25, 2007 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

Delta chief stands out for sacrifice: Unlike most pay-cutting CEOs, Gerald
Grinstein won't be rewarded in the end for saving airline.

BYLINE: MATT KEMPNER; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 1609 words


Who walks away from millions of dollars?

Bosses of some giant companies do, it turns out.

While CEOs are regularly lambasted for accepting big pay packages, it isn't
unusual for corporate titans to swallow short-term pay cuts, skip bonuses or
temporarily opt for $1 salaries --- although it is often for the promise of
long-term rewards. It happens at companies that are soaring as well as at those
where employees need to be convinced that top leaders are sharing the burdens of
hard times.

Now, Delta Air Lines' 74-year-old CEO Gerald Grinstein has taken the concept a
step further. Not only did he forgo part of a comparatively low salary while
leading Delta through its Chapter 11 case, but this week the company announced
that Grinstein will get none of the usual payouts that typically go to CEOs
after such cases. No stock in the reorganized company. No cash bonus. Nada.

"I like it," said Tim Pollock, an associate professor of management at Penn
State University, who studies executive compensation. "Our own low expectations
about CEO self-interest make the gesture that much more powerful."

Usually, said Don Lindner, an executive compensation expert with human resources
association WorldatWork, CEOs "are sacrificing now because they want the company
to turn around, and then if it works out they can profit."

Pat McGurn describes the practice as "trading dimes for dollars."

McGurn is executive vice president of Institutional Shareholder Services, which
provides research and voting advice for shareholders. He used to keep a file
with information about all the CEOs taking what looked like pay cuts, but it
grew too big.

He cites Terry Semel. The Yahoo chief's salary dropped to $1 last year, but over
time he has received options to buy millions of shares in the company.

"They get their pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, not at the beginning,"
McGurn said. "They are more than willing to trade off short-term income in order
to receive a longer-term share of the pie. That ends up being a hell of a lot
more than the salary would have been."

Sometimes, superwealthy bosses volunteer for less pay even when times are good,
McGurn said. Those "share-the-wealth" moves include the $1 salaries of Google's
co-founders, who became billionaires from their stock in the business and will
make even more if the company continues to thrive.

McGurn said he also sees examples of "share the pain" cuts --- such as those by
GM chief Rick Wagoner --- where corporate leaders accept pay reductions to take
part in the sacrifices at their troubled companies.

Sometimes short-term moves can backfire. Grinstein's predecessor at Delta, Leo
Mullin, gave up nearly $200,000 of his $795,000 salary and took no bonus for
2001 in the wake of the Sept. 11 attacks. But two years later, he stepped down
amid lingering controversy after it was disclosed that Delta had given top
executives big bonuses in 2002 and spent millions on special bankruptcy-proof
pension trusts for them. He got $16 million when he left.

Series of pay cuts

Grinstein started as CEO with less pay than his predecessor. And it went down
from there.

Like employees at all levels of Delta, his salary was chopped during the more
than three years he has been CEO. His $338,000 salary is among the lowest for
chief executives of major U.S. corporations. Meanwhile, the value of Delta stock
he had accumulated evaporated, just as it has for everyone who held common stock
when the airline filed for bankruptcy protection.

Now, he is refusing to take any extra cash, stock awards, stock options or
salary raise as part of what may the greatest success of his long career in
business: Delta's pending exit from bankruptcy protection.

His top two lieutenants --- both of whom already make a bigger salary than
Grinstein --- are each in line to receive $8.4 million in equity awards over the
next few years if goals are met, plus another $765,000 in possible cash
incentives, according to Delta.

Grinstein has told the company to consider putting the extra compensation it
would have given him into charitable funds for needy Delta workers and to
provide scholarships for Delta employees, retirees and their families.

He says he plans to step down from the airline this summer. Grinstein has been
on Delta's board since 1987, but his company pension will be based on a portion
of his time as CEO, giving him just over $300 a month. He'll get some travel
privileges on Delta jets, but no continuing health care benefits, an office or
club memberships, according to Delta.

'Sign of good faith'

Observers say CEO pay cuts often are more about image than substance.

"Typically, when it is done it is cosmetic," said Charles Elson, who directs the
University of Delaware's corporate governance center.

And corporate chiefs who get major pay after leading a company out of bankruptcy
risk poisoning potential goodwill with workers, Elson said. But he said moves
like Grinstein's resonate with employees. It's "an important sign of good
faith."

Grinstein, a Seattle investment firm principal when he came off the board to
succeed Mullin, is an unusual example in several respects.

By the time he took Delta's controls, he was already in the twilight of a
lucrative career. He had amassed enough wealth to buy Bill Gates' old lakefront
house in Seattle, tear it down and build one he and his wife liked better.

He'd been a partner in a prominent law firm; served as chief executive of
Western Airlines before that carrier was acquired by Delta in 1987; and ran
Burlington Northern railroad.

Some friends worried when he took the CEO post at Delta. The job didn't seem to
come with much upside, other than that it was challenging. The airline was in a
deepening financial crisis, and employee morale --- already hurt by pay and job
cuts --- was further wounded by controversy over bonuses and bankruptcy-proof
pension trusts targeted for Mullin and other top executives.

As an influential member of Delta's board, Grinstein had played a key role in
Mullin's 1997 hiring and mentored him early on. He was on the board that
approved the 2002 executive pay perks.

Friends wondered whether Grinstein's motive --- at least in part --- might be
that he felt he owed it to Delta to help repair the company's problems.

Grinstein brushed that idea aside in a 2004 interview: "I must say I don't think
of it that way."

---Staff writer Russell Grantham contributed to this article.

GRINSTEIN'S PAY HISTORY

Here's what Gerald Grinstein has taken --- or not taken --- during his tenure as
Delta CEO.

* 2003: After being named as Leo Mullin's replacement, Grinstein announces he'll
take a $500,000 salary --- lower than three out of the four executives reporting
to him --- and skip bonuses, stock options or other add-ons.

* 2004: Grinstein cuts his salary in half, to $250,000. Delta announces 10
percent pay cuts for most employees starting in 2005; unionized pilots take
deeper pay cuts.

* 2005: With his salary restored to $500,000 at the start of the year, Grinstein
takes a 10 percent salary cut on Jan. 1 and another 25 percent after Delta files
Chapter 11 in the fall, reducing it to its current level, $338,000. Other top
executives' pay cuts are 10 percent and 15 percent. He and other Delta
executives also skip retention bonuses and other perks often sought to keep
management in place during bankruptcy.

* 2007: Grinstein refuses new stock, bonuses and salary raises after Delta
emerges from Chapter 11, asking that any money he would have gotten be earmarked
for charitable funds for needy Delta employees. Like other shareholders,
Grinstein's old Delta stock becomes worthless once Delta emerges from Chapter
11.

CUTTING FROM THE TOP

A sampling of corporate leaders whose pay dropped:

* Brokerage czar Charles Schwab declined millions of dollars in bonuses in 2002,
2003 and 2004, saying he wanted to make the money available to other employees.
He also relinquished stock options granted in 2000, 2001 and 2002.

* John Chambers, CEO of Cisco Systems, took $1 in salary for three years
(2002-2004) but continued to gather grants for millions of stock options.

* Lee Iacocca took a $1 salary for a year, starting in 1979, while at Chrysler's
helm. Still, he made tens of millions in pay over his career with the company.

* GM chief Rick Wagoner was hit with a nearly 50 percent pay cut in 2005 and
volunteered for a 50 percent cut in his $2.2 million salary in 2006.

* Gerard Arpey, chairman and CEO of American Airlines, turned down a 22 percent
raise in 2004 as the airline struggled.

* Google CEO Eric Schmidt and co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page took $1
salaries for the past three years and annual bonuses of less than $2,000 each.
All three have huge stock holdings that have made them wealthy.

* Delphi Corp. Chairman Steve Miller reduced his $1.5 million salary to $1 after
the auto parts company filed for bankruptcy protection.

* Ex-PepsiCo boss Roger Enrico slashed his $900,000 salary to $1 in 1998, 1999
and 2000 so the money could be used for scholarships for employees' kids. Now
chairman of Dreamworks Animation, both Enrico and CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg are
paid a $1 annual salary with no bonus. They have millions of dollars worth of
restricted stock, which typically requires executives to stay for certain
periods.

* Yahoo chief Terry Semel recently went to a salary of $1. He also was given
millions worth of stock options.

* Apple chief Steve Jobs, who has a significant stake in the company's stock,
receives a $1 salary and no bonus. In 2003 he gave up his stock options and
received restricted shares, valued at $532 million at the time.

Sources: Company filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission; news
reports

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Rick Wagoner/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: Gerard Arpey/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: Eric Schmidt/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: Gerald Grinstein/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: Roger Enrico/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: Terry Semel/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: Steve Jobs/ImageData*

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Chronology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 10, 2010 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

High Speed for the Sparsely Wired

BYLINE: By SUSANNA G. KIM

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1486 words


Government stimulus spending is a contentious issue right now in Washington. But
the $7.2 billion in the last stimulus package for extending high-speed Internet
access is just beginning to be spent, and the beneficiaries could not be
happier.

Cynthia K. Wegener and her husband, owners of a farm and horse-breeding business
in western Kansas, will be able to  upload a photograph of a horse to show a
potential buyer in seconds, not the 20 to 30 minutes they now need with  dial-up
service. ''I just cannot begin to tell you how frustrating it is to do anything
with it,'' she said.

And in  remote Yukon-Kuskokwim Delta in Alaska, with limited Internet access,
the program will bring more fundamental changes, expanding the health care
options, for example, to allow doctors in Anchorage, 400 miles to the east, to
see patients via videoconference.

''This is the first time in my 25 years in health care where technology has a
direct impact,'' David P. Hodges, the chief information officer for the
Yukon-Kuskokwim Health Corporation. ''It sure gives you a new perspective on
what you do for a living.''

The types of Internet activities that most Americans take for granted --
watching videos, downloading songs, social networking  -- are out of reach for
millions of homes across the United States. These people -- many in poor, rural
pockets -- either have outmoded dial-up Internet service  or have no affordable
high-speed service. Sometimes the nearest high-speed connection is at the local
library, 10 miles away.

The $7.2 billion plan in the last stimulus package  was approved without
significant debate. The program is intended to extend broadband  service to what
is known as the ''middle mile,'' which can connect to institutions like  schools
and hospitals, and the ''last mile''  -- homes and businesses  -- that big
Internet providers have bypassed because the expected revenue was too small to
justify the big investments needed.

For some of the beneficiaries, the program will mean the difference between
isolation and being connected to the rest of the world. ''If you don't have a
high-speed Internet connection, it's almost impossible to get anything done
anymore,'' said Martin Cary, vice president for broadband services at GCI
Communication Corporation of Alaska, the largest Internet provider in the state.

Julius Genachowski,  the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, said
the extension of Internet service was a significant moment in communications.
''Extending broadband in rural America is as important to jobs and growth in the
21st century as extending electricity was in the 20th century,'' he said.

So far, more than 200 projects have been awarded about $3 billion in grants and
loans from the program's administrators -- the Agriculture and the Commerce
Departments -- mostly to small carriers. The stimulus law requires that all the
money in the program be allocated by Sept. 30. Even so, many remote homes will
still not get high-speed access.

For those who will be connected, there are some mixed feelings. While most seem
impatient for the greater access and many businesses are eager to attract new
customers, some are concerned about the unintended consequences of their new
connections.

James W. Rowh, for instance, who owns an organic farm and natural foods store
not far from the Wegeners in Norton, Kan., is wary that the Internet will lure
his customers away. ''You can find pretty deep discounts online,'' he said.
''There are only 3,000 people in this town. When you start losing people to the
Internet, it's going to have an effect on your bottom line.''

Even the small companies that have been awarded the grants and loans to  extend
the broadband fiber lines and build the microwave towers are aware that once
they do all the work and sign up the customers, the big carriers may move in
with lower rates and lure their business away.

''Typically, when we go into a town, competition will come on our heels,'' said
H. Rusty Irvin, the chief executive of StratusWave Communications, a small
carrier in Wheeling, W.Va. ''The Verizons and Comcasts may target that area for
deployment.''

The company won a $1.5 million loan and a $1.4 million grant to provide wireless
service to three West Virginia counties in rural Appalachia.

Bjorn Jones, a librarian in Salinas, Calif., an hour south of Silicon Valley,
said that while the Web offered access to a seemingly limitless array of
educational resources, it was also a source of mindless entertainment. ''If
broadband is contextualized within a library, then you are creating learning
opportunities,'' he said. ''Without a plan, it's going to be just kids watching
YouTube.''

The greater Salinas Valley, whose residents are mainly Hispanic immigrant farm
workers, has limited high-speed Internet access mainly because of the expense of
laying fiber optic lines.  The surrounding mountains and beach make extending
lines especially challenging for neighboring Santa Cruz County. Officials said
they realized the  need for  additional fiber lines in April 2009 when the
entire county, including its emergency services, lost  the Internet for 21 hours
after  vandals cut  cables miles away.

The joint application with Santa Cruz County, Monterey County and San Benito
County to extend  access was rejected by the Commerce Department in the first
round and officials are  awaiting word on the second round. (The rejection was
not all that unusual; the department received 1,885 applications in the first
round and awarded only 82 grants.)

While the stimulus program will reach hundreds of rural areas in all 50 states,
there are people  like R. Mark Fair, who lives in Leicester, N.C., in the
mountains northwest of Asheville, who will not be helped. Mr. Fair and his
neighbors have been trying unsuccessfully since 2006 to persuade AT&T to replace
their dial-up service.

''I go online every day for e-mail,'' said Mr. Fair, an electrical engineer. ''I
can generally get around those O.K., but when it comes to online meetings and
file transfers, it's really frustrating.''

In Elon, N.C., Chad Sowers said he had exhausted his options for a reliable and
fast connection, even offering to pay $2,000 toward that goal. He works in
information technology, and he and his wife, a registered nurse, both need
high-speed Internet for continuing education, he said. They also want their
children, 9 and 12, to have access for their schoolwork. ''Broadband is no
longer a luxury,'' Mr. Sowers said.

In a statement, Clifton Metcalf Jr., an AT&T spokesman, said, ''We've taken
efforts to still deliver the benefits of broadband to these customer locations,
such as through our satellite-based broadband service, which reaches the vast
majority of rural markets in our 22 states.''

Since many of the new broadband recipients live in isolated, rural areas or are
poor, the F.C.C.  is proposing that money from its  Universal Service Fund,
which subsidizes telephone services for high-cost areas, low-income consumers,
schools, libraries and rural health care providers, be expanded to broadband
services. The fund receives its money from a monthly fee of about $2.78 a
household -- the fee is part of the telephone bill -- and is expected to
disburse $8.7 billion this year.

''The biggest challenge is converting a fund that's been focused for a very long
time on telephones to one focused on broadband communications as quickly and as
efficiently as possible to make sure we can extend broadband to rural America,''
Mr.  Genachowski of the F.C.C. said.

Alaska is the largest recipient of  rural health care Universal Service Fund
subsidies, and the Yukon-Kuskokwim Health Corporation is the largest recipient
in the state, with $1.5 million in 2008.

Mr. Hodges, of the health corporation, said many of the 48 villages it served
did not have running water or roads between villages because they were on
unstable tundra. ''We can't put in telephone lines,'' he said, ''and there are
environmental issues because you don't want to damage the tundra.''

Mr. Hodges said his network of telepsychiatry through microwave and satellite
would expand with the federal funds.  The health corporation, which has a dearth
of health professionals, offers  behavior health services from psychiatrists in
Minnesota, Seattle and Anchorage, he said.

''We're now able to increase the amount of time we spend with a patient,'' he
said. ''We're not limited by the lack of daylight in the winter and when planes
because of weather can come in. We've taken those barriers out of the
equation.''

As for Mrs. Wegener, the horse breeder, she said she believed she was losing
money by having to drive her horses to auctions as far away as North Dakota and
Nebraska to be seen by potential buyers. The Internet could change that, she
said. ''We would love to sell them off the farm and not haul them anywhere.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Cynthia K. Wegener breeds horses in western Kansas, relying on
frustratingly slow dial-up service to send photographs of horses to prospective
customers. (B1)
Cynthia Wegener posting an ad for a mare. Uploading a photo via dial-up can take
20 to 30 minutes. ''I just cannot begin to tell you how frustrating it is,'' she
said.
Dialing in for Internet service on Cynthia Wegener's computer in the basement.
(PHOTOGRAPHS BY MATTHEW STAVER FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
 Chad Sowers, in Elon, N.C., cannot get broadband at home, and cellphone service
is unreliable. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JEREMY M. LANGE FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES) (B4)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday

Inslee says Trump budget \x93incredibly harmful" to state and local governments

LENGTH: 1122  words

DATELINE: New York



 Olympia: Department of Natural Resources, The State of Washington has issued
the following news release:



   President Trump today released a federal budget proposal that would make
significant cuts in state and local government programs, including education,
environmental protection, health care and many other critical services that
Washingtonians rely on.





 "The budget blueprint issued today by President Trump includes incredibly
harmful reductions to education, environmental protection, housing, health care,
job training and economic development programs. Deep cuts are also made to
research and development - in life sciences, clean energy, and more - that
sustain America's economic leadership in the world," Gov. Jay Inslee said. "This
undercuts our ability to keep our people safe and healthy. The president's
proposal trades away the support needed to build a prosperous economy for
working families to instead pay for tax cuts for the wealthy."



 The president's proposal - which contained very few details compared to a
traditional White House budget proposal - deeply cuts or eliminates funding for
teacher training and after-school programs, nutrition assistance for low-income
women and children, essential disaster mitigation grants for state and local
governments, advanced manufacturing and infrastructure, programs and policies
aimed at reducing carbon pollution, health research, Puget Sound recovery, and
more.



 Inslee has asked state agencies to review the president's budget blueprint to
better determine impacts to state services and programs, and will engage with
members of Congress as it begins to consider next year's spending bills.



 Trump's budget outline includes:



     Education: The U.S. Department of Education is cut by 14 percent, including
a $3.7 billion cut for teacher training, after-school, summer and low-income aid
programs.

     Health & Human Services: An 18 percent reduction to the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, with a $5 billion cut to the National Institutes of
Health; eliminates the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) and
Community Services Block Grants; the budget does not mention Medicare, Medicaid,
TANF or Head Start.

     USDA: A 21 percent cut to the U.S. Department of Agriculture; with a $200
million cut to the Women, Infants & Children (WIC) nutrition assistance program,
and cuts in the Water & Wastewater loan program; and international food aid.

     Commerce: A 16 percent cut to the U.S. Department of Commerce; eliminates
the Economic Development Administration, Minority Business Development Agency
and Manufacturing Extension Partnership program; cuts $250 million in National
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration grants that support coastal and marine
management, research and education.

     DOD: A 9 percent increase by repealing sequestration for Department of
Defense.

     Energy: A 5.6 percent cut at the U.S. Department of Energy; includes $6.5
billion for nuclear waste cleanup; eliminates Weatherization and State Energy
programs, and the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy (ARPA-E), innovative
tech and advanced vehicle loan programs; and cuts Office of Science (supporting
national labs such as PNNL).

     Homeland Security: A 7 percent increase in the U.S. Department of Homeland
Security budget - to build a border wall, for 500 new Border Patrol agents, and
1,000 new Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents; cuts $667 million from
state and local programs and disaster mitigation grants.

     HUD: The U.S. Department of Housing & Urban Development is cut by 13
percent; the budget eliminates Community Development Block Grants and the HOME,
Choice Neighborhoods and Self-Help Homeownerships Opportunity programs.

     Interior: The U.S. Department of the Interior is cut by 12 percent;
eliminates funding for 49 National Historical Sites; decreases land acquisition
and Payment-in-lieu-of-Taxes (PILT) funding to local governments; maintains
strong wildfire suppression funding.

     DOJ: The U.S. Department of Justice is cut by 3 percent; increased funding
for the Federal Bureau of Investigation and to adjudicate immigrant removal;
cuts reimbursements to states and local governments for costs of incarcerating
illegal immigrants.

     USDOL: The U.S. Department of Labor is cut by 21 percent; expands
Re-employment & Eligibility Assessments; eliminates Senior Community Service
Employment Program; the budget calls for closing Job Corps centers that "do a
poor job education and preparing students for jobs"; eliminates OSHA's training
grants.

     EPA: Environmental Protection Agency is cut by 31 percent; and discontinues
the Clean Power Plan, and eliminates more than 50 programs and 3,000 jobs; cuts
funding for Superfund cleanup, international climate programs, research;
sustains funding for drinking and wastewater infrastructure; eliminates funding
for specific regional efforts (Great Lakes, Chesapeake, possibly Puget Sound).

     State Department: The U.S. Department of State is cut by 29 percent;
eliminates climate change prevention programs; reduces funding for United
Nations peacekeeping; reduces development funding (World Bank, etc.)

     USDOT: The U.S. Department of Transportation is cut by 13 percent; the
budget privatizes air traffic control, and makes major cuts to the
Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery and support for rural
airports.

     Treasury: A 4 percent cut to the U.S. Treasury Department, including a cut
to the Internal Revenue Service.

     Vets: A 6 percent increase for the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.

     NASA: A 0.8 percent cut to the National Aeronautics & Space Administration.


     SBA: A 5 percent cut to the U.S. Small Business Administration.

     Other: Additionally, the budget blueprint calls for elimination of these 19
agencies:

         African Development Foundation

         Appalachian Regional Commission

         Chemical Safety Board

         Corporation for National and Community Service

         Corporation for Public Broadcasting

         Delta Regional Authority

         Denali Commission

         Institute of Museum and Library Services

         Inter-American Foundation

         U.S. Trade and Development Agency

         Legal Services Corporation

         National Endowment for the Arts

         National Endowment for the Humanities

         Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation

         Northern Border Regional Commission

         Overseas Private Investment Corporation

         U.S. Institute of Peace

         U.S. Interagency Council on Homelessness

         Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              May 23, 2011 Monday

Community Digest: Salvation Army hosts Antioch tea party

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 847 words


ANTIOCH

TEA PARTY: Salvation Army Corps' Antioch site invites the public to its third
annual afternoon tea party Saturday.

The event will be 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Corps' offices, 525 E. 18th St.

The guest speaker is Maj. Colleen Riley, who oversees the nonprofit
organization's women's ministries in Northern California and Nevada.

The cost is $25 for the "Queen's Tea," $20 for "the Duchess," and $10 for a
child's "Court Tea Party."

All proceeds benefit the Corps' summer day camp.

For more information and to RSVP, call Maria at 925-525-0326.

-- Rowena Coetsee

OAKLEY

New BOARD member: Ironhouse Sanitary District has a new face on its board.

Directors recently chose David Contreras from among 10 candidates to fill the
opening created last month when former board member Don Lew died.

Contreras, a 24-year-resident of Oakley, is retired from Mt. View Sanitary
District in Martinez, where he worked for 38 years, 22 of them as the district
manager.

In his three-page letter of application, he cited his experience working with
other government agencies and environmental groups as well as his hand in
establishing Contra Costa's first permanent household hazardous waste collection
facility.

-- Rowena Coetsee

BAY POINT

Vacant MAC seat: Supervisor Federal Glover is accepting applications to fill the
seat on the Bay Point Municipal Advisory Council held by longtime Bay Point
resident Gloria Magleby.

Magleby left the seven-member MAC for health reasons and because she has moved
to Concord.

The new member will serve the rest of Magleby's term, which ends in 2012, and
could be appointed for another four-year term.

The MAC is appointed by Glover and acts in an advisory role about Bay Point
issues and other matters.

Council members must be Bay Point residents. There is no compensation.

To apply or for more information, call 925-427-8138.

-- Rick Radin

PITTSBURG/ANTIOCH

Sanitation District grant: Delta Diablo Sanitation District received a $150,000
grant from the U.S. Department of Interior's Bureau of Reclamation to continue
recycled water projects, officials announced last week.

The sanitation district, which includes Antioch, Pittsburg and Bay Point,
operates a recycled water facility that generates about 6 million gallons of
recycled water each day. The funding will go toward a plan that identifies
potential capital improvement projects that can provide reliable recycled water
to users.

Using recycled water also helps reduce demand on freshwater Delta supplies,
district officials said.

-- Paul Burgarino

BRENTWOOD

ACTORS SOUGHT FOR 'ANNIE': The Kinsella Theater Group is looking for actors for
its next musical, "Annie," to be performed June 24 through July 10.

The Brentwood Arts Society, which canceled its Broadway Under the Stars theater
series this summer, will partner with the troupe to help sponsor the musical.

"It's sort of as though you are doing a backyard camp-out and it starts to rain.
You move inside for the night," said Steve Kinsella, who worked on last summer's
series and will direct this newest musical.

Those interested in being part of the cast, crew or orchestra should call
925-516-9009 or email DirectorKinsella@gmail.com for an for an audition
appointment.

Auditioners should prepare 32 bars of contrasting songs.

All auditions will be in the Brentwood area. Location will be given when you
write or call for an audition appointment.

-- Judith Prieve

OAKLEY

YOUTH OPENINGS: The city is looking for teenagers willing to volunteer as junior
recreation leaders this summer in exchange for work experience.

The opportunity is open to teens ages 13 to 16 whom the city will assign to a
specific summer camp as well as to work various special events.

Their participation can be used to fulfill the community service high schools
require for graduation.

Candidates must complete an application and interview.

Experience working with children is preferred but not required. For more
information, call 925-625-7044 or email coelho@ci.oakley.ca.us .

-- Rowena Coetsee

Pittsburg

Los Medanos reception: The Los Medanos Community Healthcare District will hold
its annual rooftop reception from 5:30 to 7 p.m. Wednesday.

The reception will offer an opportunity for health care providers and consumers
to network.

Refreshments and entertainment will be provided.

The reception will be held at district headquarters, at 2311 Loveridge Road.

-- Rick Radin

Bay Point

Magleby tribute: A reception honoring longtime community activist Gloria Magleby
will be held at 5:30 p.m. Thursday at the Ambrose Recreation and Park District,
3105 Willow Pass Road.

Organizers are assembling a memory book for Magleby consisting of the many
newspaper and other accounts of her endeavors.

To RSVP, contact Julie Nelson at jcamillenelson@comcast.net or 925-698-9994.

-- Rick Radin

Bay Point

Playground dedication: New playground equipment at Anuta Park, 2485 Willow Pass
Road, will be dedicated at a ceremony at 4 p.m. Thursday.

The equipment was purchased with a $21,000 grant from the Dean and Margaret
Lesher Foundation.

For information, contact the Ambrose Recreation and Park District at
925-458-1601.

-- Rick Radin

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              May 23, 2011 Monday

Community Digest: Salvation Army hosts Antioch tea party

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 847 words


ANTIOCH

TEA PARTY: Salvation Army Corps' Antioch site invites the public to its third
annual afternoon tea party Saturday.

The event will be 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Corps' offices, 525 E. 18th St.

The guest speaker is Maj. Colleen Riley, who oversees the nonprofit
organization's women's ministries in Northern California and Nevada.

The cost is $25 for the "Queen's Tea," $20 for "the Duchess," and $10 for a
child's "Court Tea Party."

All proceeds benefit the Corps' summer day camp.

For more information and to RSVP, call Maria at 925-525-0326.

-- Rowena Coetsee

OAKLEY

New BOARD member: Ironhouse Sanitary District has a new face on its board.

Directors recently chose David Contreras from among 10 candidates to fill the
opening created last month when former board member Don Lew died.

Contreras, a 24-year-resident of Oakley, is retired from Mt. View Sanitary
District in Martinez, where he worked for 38 years, 22 of them as the district
manager.

In his three-page letter of application, he cited his experience working with
other government agencies and environmental groups as well as his hand in
establishing Contra Costa's first permanent household hazardous waste collection
facility.

-- Rowena Coetsee

BAY POINT

Vacant MAC seat: Supervisor Federal Glover is accepting applications to fill the
seat on the Bay Point Municipal Advisory Council held by longtime Bay Point
resident Gloria Magleby.

Magleby left the seven-member MAC for health reasons and because she has moved
to Concord.

The new member will serve the rest of Magleby's term, which ends in 2012, and
could be appointed for another four-year term.

The MAC is appointed by Glover and acts in an advisory role about Bay Point
issues and other matters.

Council members must be Bay Point residents. There is no compensation.

To apply or for more information, call 925-427-8138.

-- Rick Radin

PITTSBURG/ANTIOCH

Sanitation District grant: Delta Diablo Sanitation District received a $150,000
grant from the U.S. Department of Interior's Bureau of Reclamation to continue
recycled water projects, officials announced last week.

The sanitation district, which includes Antioch, Pittsburg and Bay Point,
operates a recycled water facility that generates about 6 million gallons of
recycled water each day. The funding will go toward a plan that identifies
potential capital improvement projects that can provide reliable recycled water
to users.

Using recycled water also helps reduce demand on freshwater Delta supplies,
district officials said.

-- Paul Burgarino

BRENTWOOD

ACTORS SOUGHT FOR 'ANNIE': The Kinsella Theater Group is looking for actors for
its next musical, "Annie," to be performed June 24 through July 10.

The Brentwood Arts Society, which canceled its Broadway Under the Stars theater
series this summer, will partner with the troupe to help sponsor the musical.

"It's sort of as though you are doing a backyard camp-out and it starts to rain.
You move inside for the night," said Steve Kinsella, who worked on last summer's
series and will direct this newest musical.

Those interested in being part of the cast, crew or orchestra should call
925-516-9009 or email DirectorKinsella@gmail.com for an for an audition
appointment.

Auditioners should prepare 32 bars of contrasting songs.

All auditions will be in the Brentwood area. Location will be given when you
write or call for an audition appointment.

-- Judith Prieve

OAKLEY

YOUTH OPENINGS: The city is looking for teenagers willing to volunteer as junior
recreation leaders this summer in exchange for work experience.

The opportunity is open to teens ages 13 to 16 whom the city will assign to a
specific summer camp as well as to work various special events.

Their participation can be used to fulfill the community service high schools
require for graduation.

Candidates must complete an application and interview.

Experience working with children is preferred but not required. For more
information, call 925-625-7044 or email coelho@ci.oakley.ca.us .

-- Rowena Coetsee

Pittsburg

Los Medanos reception: The Los Medanos Community Healthcare District will hold
its annual rooftop reception from 5:30 to 7 p.m. Wednesday.

The reception will offer an opportunity for health care providers and consumers
to network.

Refreshments and entertainment will be provided.

The reception will be held at district headquarters, at 2311 Loveridge Road.

-- Rick Radin

Bay Point

Magleby tribute: A reception honoring longtime community activist Gloria Magleby
will be held at 5:30 p.m. Thursday at the Ambrose Recreation and Park District,
3105 Willow Pass Road.

Organizers are assembling a memory book for Magleby consisting of the many
newspaper and other accounts of her endeavors.

To RSVP, contact Julie Nelson at jcamillenelson@comcast.net or 925-698-9994.

-- Rick Radin

Bay Point

Playground dedication: New playground equipment at Anuta Park, 2485 Willow Pass
Road, will be dedicated at a ceremony at 4 p.m. Thursday.

The equipment was purchased with a $21,000 grant from the Dean and Margaret
Lesher Foundation.

For information, contact the Ambrose Recreation and Park District at
925-458-1601.

-- Rick Radin

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    November 3, 1990, Saturday, City Edition

Northside Centers Inc. honors volunteers

BYLINE: SUE GALATOCKY

SECTION: BRANDON TIMES; GOOD FOR YOU; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 582 words



Northside Centers Auxiliary recently presented volunteer awards at its third
annual Fall Fashion Frolic. Auxiliary members who received the "Volunteer
Extraordinaire Award" were Bobbie Pomeroy, fashion show chairperson; Ann
Simmons, first vice president of the auxiliary; Cay Spinadel, corporate donor
and models coordinator; Robbie Williams, auxiliary treasurer; and Jo Ann
Woodard, auxiliary president. The members were presented R with an inscribed
vase.

    Alice Forsythe, who assists with duties in the community relations and
administrative offices, also was honored for more than seven years of volunteer
service to Northside Centers Inc.

    The money raised through the Fall Fashion Frolic, combined with a matching
funds contribution from the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, totaled more than $ 12,000.
The money will be donated to the PhoneFriend program.
 Legislator gets corrections award


 State Rep. Elvin L. Martinez, D-Tampa, received a Legislative Leadership Award
from R. . "Skip" Tompkins, president of the Florida Correctional Education
Association (CEA), and Dr. Mano Khatibi, past president of the CEA. Martinez
received the award for his efforts to improve the quality of Florida's prison
education programs during the past Legislative session.

    CEA is a professional organization that provides educational services to
inmates in correctional settings.
 Triathletes wrap up season


   Northwest Family YMCA members Mike Whitehead and Kim Lewis, both professional
triathletes, recently completed the 1990 triathlon season. Whitehead, 19, was
winner of the 1989 Top Gun Triathlon at MacDill Air Force Base and the 1989
Siesta Key Triathlon. He suffered a back injury and was forced out of
competition for much of the season but has recovered and is training for the
1991 season.

    Lewis, 20, won two events in 1990: the Madeira Beach Triathlon and Leons QEM
National Championship in Indiana. Lewis also finished in the top 10 in several
other races.

    Lewis and Whitehead are both members of Triathlon Today magazine's All
American team and are seeking financial assistance through sponsorship.
 Tampa General wins merit award


   Tampa General Hospital was one of two Florida hospitals honored recently by
Healthcare Forum Foundation and 3M in the 1990 Organizational Innovators Awards
program. Tampa General won an award of merit in the "Hospital/Medical Center 300
Beds and Over" category. The awards were given to 28 hospitals and medical
centers nationwide.

 College senior in honor society


   LuAnn McLaughlin, a senior at Wofford College in Spartanburg, S.C., was
selected for membership in the Blue Key National Honorary Fraternity. McLaughlin
is a Spanish and economics major and was selected for the honor/service
fraternity on the basis of leadership, scholarship, campus activities and
community service.

    McLaughlin, daughter of Arthur and Lucille McLaughlin of Tampa, is a member
of Kappa Delta social sorority and is the student athletic trainer for the
Wofford College soccer team.
 Notary elected to national group


   Sharon Brown of Valrico was elected to membership in the American Society of
Notaries, a national non-profit organization of persons who hold the office of
notary public. Mrs. Brown is the secretary and treasurer at T. Brown's Truck
Repair.


LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: BRANDON TIMES; TAMPA

                            Times Publishing Company


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              July 1, 2002 Monday
                              Correction Appended

Suits filed

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1540 words


(Filings for May 20-24, 2002)

Shelly Renee Story vs. Jonathan Craig Warner (other domestic relations).

Washington Mutual Bank FA vs. Jeffrey William Mahood, Unknown Spouse, John Doe,
Mary Doe, James E. Grant and Sally A. Grant (real property).

Nahiomi Cheris Rios vs. Nahiomi Cheris Salda Rios (other domestic relations).

First Horizon Home Loan Corporation Mortgage Companies and Flagship Mortgage
Bankers vs. Jasson C. Kirkpatrick, Unknown Spouse, Tina E. Lalane, John Doe and
Jane Doe (real property).

Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota NA and Delta Funding Home Equity Loan Trust 1998-4
vs. Roszina Ali, Unknown Spouse of Roszina Ali, Associates Home Equity Loan
Corporation, Citifinancial Mortgage Loan Corporation, John Doe and Jane Doe
(real property).

Holly Whitman vs. John E. Reeves and Willie Ann Reeves (other).

Ralph A. Spencer vs. John Anthony Cancel (auto negligence).

Deutsche Bank National Trust Company and Bankers Trust Company of California NA
vs. Michael W. Michaud, Unknown Spouse, Sherrie Michaud, Unknown Parties in
Possession, Seven Hills Homeowners Association Inc., John Doe and Jane Doe (real
property).

Master Financial Inc. vs. William D. Pollock and Pam D. Pollock (other).

Vulcan Materians Finance Company and Vulcan Construction Materials LP vs. Grubbs
Construction Company (contract and indebtedness).

Peter A. Leonetti and Patricia M. Leonetti vs. Western Reserve Life Assurance
Company of Ohio Inc., Intersecurities Inc. and Garyn Ian Angel (other).

Bruce J. Bendl and Elizabeth K. Bendl vs. Sheila Fountain, Sheila Vaillancourt,
Gary John Vaillancourt and All Pediatric Care Inc. (real property).

Lehman Receivables IV LLC vs. William Acquafredda and Jane Doe Acquafredda
(other).

Patricia Morales Lucero vs. Juvenile and Jail Facility Management Services Inc.,
Corrections Corporation of America and White Guard (other negligence).

Tandem Health Care Inc. and Tandem Health Care of Bayonet Point vs. Lee A.
Lawson (contract and indebtedness).

Suzanne M. Mom vs. Jonbro Inc. and Pizza Hut of Brooksville (other).

Rodney S. Ackley, Eva F. Ackley and The Ackley and Ackley DMD PA Profit Sharing
Plan vs. Mary Ann Zalick, Mary Ann Zalick Trustee and Zalick Revocable Living
Trust Agreement (real property).

Interbay Funding LLC vs. John W. Wallace, Unknown Spouse of John W. Wallace,
State of Florida and Unknown Persons in Possession (real property).

Katherine LaRocco and Robert LaRocco vs. Walmart Stores Inc. and Jeff Sexton
(other negligence).

Gail Lewis vs. Bankers Life and Casualty Company (contract and indebtedness).

Countrywide Home Loans Inc. vs. John V. Onetz, Household Finance Corporation
III, Unknown Tenants 1-2 and Unknown Parties in Possession (real property).

Delmer J. Paxton and Nancy L. Paxton vs. Larue Spivey (deceased), Johnny L.
Spivey and the Estate of Larue Spivey (real property).

Chase Mortgage Company-West and Mellon Mortgage Company vs. Gregory D. Woods,
Tawana L. Woods, First Select Corporation and Unknown Persons in Possession
(real property).

Ramona C. Fuhs and Steven Fuhs vs. Elaine Martyniak and Dawn Sokolowski (auto
negligence).

Alicia D. Harman, Tyler Scott Roberts and Tanner Mark Roberts vs. Tyler Scott
Harman and Tanner Mark Harman (other domestic relations).

Melinda Wilfong vs. Ramanujam K. Setlur and Cosmetic and Family Dentistry
(other).

James W. Duncan vs. Rebecca A. Duncan (other domestic relations).

Centex Home Equity Corporation vs. John Sokol, Jane Doe Sokol Unknown Spouse of
John Sokol, Christine Sokol, John Doe Sokol Unknown Spouse of Christine Sokol,
John Doe and Jane Doe Unknown Tenants (real property).

Michael Miller and Kathleen Miller vs. Gentiva Health Services Inc. (auto
negligence).

EMC Mortgage Corporation vs. Lester G. Welch, Unknown Spouse of Lester G. Welch
and Unknown Tenants I-II (real property).

GRMT Mortgage vs. Jacqueline Vandegrift, Steven T. Vandegrift, John Doe and Jane
Doe Unknown Tenants (real property).

Countrywide Home Loans Inc., Countrywide Funding Corporation and Americas
Wholesale Lender vs. Jean A. Summers, Crown Bank FSB, Glenn J. Summers, Spring
Hill Civic Association, John Doe and Jane Doe Unknown Tenants (real property).

Wachovia Bank National Association, First Union National Bank and First Union
National Bank of Florida vs. H. Chris Steffens, H. Chris Steffans, Patricia Ann
Steffens, Patricia A. Phillips, Patricia Ann Steffans, Unknown Spouse of
Patricia Ann Steffans, John Doe, Jane Doe, Amsouth Bank of Florida and Fortune
Bank (real property).

Regions Mortgage Inc. and Real Estate Financing vs. The Trustee Company as
Trustee, Tenants 1-4 and Unknown Parties in Possession (real property).

Dismissed

Walter Brown III and Mary Brown vs. Kathleen Nicol and Allstate Indemnity
Company (auto negligence).

Frank Sabatino vs. William H. Philippus and Allstate Insurance Company (auto
negligence).

Christina Wilkerson vs. Team Fleet Financing Corporation and Dell A. Franklin
(auto negligence).

Fawn J. Davis vs. Robert L. Davis, Jr. (dissolution of marriage).

Firstar Bank NA as Trustee and Salomon Brother Mortgage Securities VII Inc. vs.
Barbara Currie Troncoso and Unknown Parties in Possession (real property).

James Baker and Suzanne Baker vs. Roger Williamson, Virginia Williamson, Steven
L. Bartlett and Tracy Bartlett (other negligence).

Esther D. Gregory vs. Angela S. Gregory (child support).

Mortgage Electronic Registration System Inc. and Household Finance Corporation
vs. Ricardo Montes, Coleen Lawlor, Unknown Spouse of Ricardo Montes, Unknown
Spouse of Coleen Lawlor, John Doe, Hernando County and Jane Doe (real property).

County Line Mower Center Inc. vs. Roberts Supply Inc.(other).

STR Realty Inc. vs. Cheryl D. Bufalo, Cheryl Deanne Bufalo and Firstmerit Bank
NA (real property).

Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota NA as Trustee vs. Brook Blevins and Unknown Parties
in Possession (real property).

Judgments

Wilson E. Morris vs. Reginald P. White, Sr. (child support).

Veronica T. Graves vs. Vearlean Langley (child support).

Wilson Morris vs. Vearlean Langley (child support).

Donna Rae Register vs. Donna Rae Paquette (other domestic relations).

Andrew Allen Shepley vs. Madalynn A. Shepley (other domestic relations).

Tracy Lynn Wavra and Katie Lynn Wavra vs. Katie Lynn Jankowski (other domestic
relations).

Dissolutions of marriage filed

Billy J. Taylor vs. Erica D. Taylor.

Katherine L. Tercero vs. Fernando Tercero.

Larry R. Clark vs. Patricia J. Clark.

Eileen T. Reale vs. James F. Reale.

Sandra A. Garcia vs. Paul A. Garcia.

Elizabeth Ann Marcum vs. Anthony Ray Marcum.

Martha Caridad Martinez vs. Julio Martinez.

Keith E. Tomlinson vs. Kristin J. Tomlinson.

Michael K. Brown, Sr. vs. Janet Leigh Wimberly Brown.

Dana Lee Cutlip vs. Susan E. Cutlip.

David Jordan vs. Angela Rose Jordan.

Chris E. Canty vs. Trina L. Canty.

Richard A. Barker vs. Linda S. Barker.

Scott Joa vs. Susan Joa.

Dissolutions of marriage granted

Michael R. Kessler vs. Lorraine Kessler.

Ann Marie Ebersole vs. Anthony Ebersole.

Wayne Penney vs. Linda L. Penney.

Stacey Ranfone vs. Francis A. Ranfone.

Sheila L. Cannon vs. Ace L. Cannon.

Aghiad Yabroudi vs. Wendy G. Sweeney.

Daniel L. Casteleiro vs. Carol Casteleiro.

Diana Snyder vs. Charles Snyder.

Margarete L. Caudill vs. Barry A. Caudill.

Nancy Lee Humphrey vs. Keith Del Humphrey, Sr.

Bonnie May Hicks vs. Preston Richard Hicks, Jr.

Terry P. Smith vs. David A. Smith.

Rene Ippoliti vs. Robert G. Ippoliti.

Kristi M. Ploettner vs. Walter V. Ploettner.

Isabell Harris vs. Juan Letroy Harris.

Laura L. Quebedo vs. Robert J. Quebedo.

Alexander W. Walmsley vs. Linda S. Walmsley.

Beverly Bea Lathem vs. Roger V. Lathem.

Tonya Schaefer vs. Jack Schaefer.

Marriage license applications

Paul Francis Baia and Susan Lynn Briske, both of Spring Hill.

William Joseph Luebbers and Alecia Michelle Clifton, both of Brooksville.

Timothy Franklin Hitchcock and Lissette Caminero, both of Cookeville, Tenn.

Scott Coleman Hope and Lisa Marie Bussard, both of Spring Hill.

Justin Riley Hardwick of Zephyrhills and Ashley Lavern Overstreet of Plant City.

Timothy James Hadley and Renell Marlene Huber, both of Spring Hill.

Anthony James Greene and Elizabeth Ann Caraccia, both of Spring Hill.

Joseph Clement Kearns and Jeanine Beatrice Liuzzi, both of Brooksville.

Ralph Leonard Wojtowicz of Irving, Texas and Susan Joy Fedde of Greenwood, S.C.

Richard Anthony Kingston and Helen Ann Wilson, both of Spring Hill.

Frank Carmen Zito, Jr. and Daryl Lynn Guarante, both of Spring Hill.

Chadwick Earl Davis of Hudson and Melissa Erin Dawkins of Spring Hill.

Peter Garrett Depp and Christina D'Ambrosio, both of Spring Hill.

Gerald Armand Perrin and Evelyn Bernice Garland, both of Brooksville.

Brennen Michael Gurrin of Brooksville and Kerri Louise Lucas of Spring Hill.

Paul Warren Mays and Sandra Lynn Yonkman, both of Boca Raton.

Ryan Dean Pfeiffer and Sheryl Ann Medina, both of Spring Hill.

David John Lacerda of Brooksville and Laura Elizabeth Conley of Spring Hill.

Darrell Eugene Sumpter and Valerie Agostino, both of Brooksville.

Jonathan Robert Sanders and Fashion Marie Foster, both of Masaryktown.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 6, 2002

CORRECTION: The name of Frank Carmen Zito Sr. was reported incorrectly in
Monday's News of Record. Zito Sr. obtained a marriage license along with Daryl
Lynn Guarante.

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              July 1, 2002 Monday
                              Correction Appended

Suits filed

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1540 words


(Filings for May 20-24, 2002)

Shelly Renee Story vs. Jonathan Craig Warner (other domestic relations).

Washington Mutual Bank FA vs. Jeffrey William Mahood, Unknown Spouse, John Doe,
Mary Doe, James E. Grant and Sally A. Grant (real property).

Nahiomi Cheris Rios vs. Nahiomi Cheris Salda Rios (other domestic relations).

First Horizon Home Loan Corporation Mortgage Companies and Flagship Mortgage
Bankers vs. Jasson C. Kirkpatrick, Unknown Spouse, Tina E. Lalane, John Doe and
Jane Doe (real property).

Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota NA and Delta Funding Home Equity Loan Trust 1998-4
vs. Roszina Ali, Unknown Spouse of Roszina Ali, Associates Home Equity Loan
Corporation, Citifinancial Mortgage Loan Corporation, John Doe and Jane Doe
(real property).

Holly Whitman vs. John E. Reeves and Willie Ann Reeves (other).

Ralph A. Spencer vs. John Anthony Cancel (auto negligence).

Deutsche Bank National Trust Company and Bankers Trust Company of California NA
vs. Michael W. Michaud, Unknown Spouse, Sherrie Michaud, Unknown Parties in
Possession, Seven Hills Homeowners Association Inc., John Doe and Jane Doe (real
property).

Master Financial Inc. vs. William D. Pollock and Pam D. Pollock (other).

Vulcan Materians Finance Company and Vulcan Construction Materials LP vs. Grubbs
Construction Company (contract and indebtedness).

Peter A. Leonetti and Patricia M. Leonetti vs. Western Reserve Life Assurance
Company of Ohio Inc., Intersecurities Inc. and Garyn Ian Angel (other).

Bruce J. Bendl and Elizabeth K. Bendl vs. Sheila Fountain, Sheila Vaillancourt,
Gary John Vaillancourt and All Pediatric Care Inc. (real property).

Lehman Receivables IV LLC vs. William Acquafredda and Jane Doe Acquafredda
(other).

Patricia Morales Lucero vs. Juvenile and Jail Facility Management Services Inc.,
Corrections Corporation of America and White Guard (other negligence).

Tandem Health Care Inc. and Tandem Health Care of Bayonet Point vs. Lee A.
Lawson (contract and indebtedness).

Suzanne M. Mom vs. Jonbro Inc. and Pizza Hut of Brooksville (other).

Rodney S. Ackley, Eva F. Ackley and The Ackley and Ackley DMD PA Profit Sharing
Plan vs. Mary Ann Zalick, Mary Ann Zalick Trustee and Zalick Revocable Living
Trust Agreement (real property).

Interbay Funding LLC vs. John W. Wallace, Unknown Spouse of John W. Wallace,
State of Florida and Unknown Persons in Possession (real property).

Katherine LaRocco and Robert LaRocco vs. Walmart Stores Inc. and Jeff Sexton
(other negligence).

Gail Lewis vs. Bankers Life and Casualty Company (contract and indebtedness).

Countrywide Home Loans Inc. vs. John V. Onetz, Household Finance Corporation
III, Unknown Tenants 1-2 and Unknown Parties in Possession (real property).

Delmer J. Paxton and Nancy L. Paxton vs. Larue Spivey (deceased), Johnny L.
Spivey and the Estate of Larue Spivey (real property).

Chase Mortgage Company-West and Mellon Mortgage Company vs. Gregory D. Woods,
Tawana L. Woods, First Select Corporation and Unknown Persons in Possession
(real property).

Ramona C. Fuhs and Steven Fuhs vs. Elaine Martyniak and Dawn Sokolowski (auto
negligence).

Alicia D. Harman, Tyler Scott Roberts and Tanner Mark Roberts vs. Tyler Scott
Harman and Tanner Mark Harman (other domestic relations).

Melinda Wilfong vs. Ramanujam K. Setlur and Cosmetic and Family Dentistry
(other).

James W. Duncan vs. Rebecca A. Duncan (other domestic relations).

Centex Home Equity Corporation vs. John Sokol, Jane Doe Sokol Unknown Spouse of
John Sokol, Christine Sokol, John Doe Sokol Unknown Spouse of Christine Sokol,
John Doe and Jane Doe Unknown Tenants (real property).

Michael Miller and Kathleen Miller vs. Gentiva Health Services Inc. (auto
negligence).

EMC Mortgage Corporation vs. Lester G. Welch, Unknown Spouse of Lester G. Welch
and Unknown Tenants I-II (real property).

GRMT Mortgage vs. Jacqueline Vandegrift, Steven T. Vandegrift, John Doe and Jane
Doe Unknown Tenants (real property).

Countrywide Home Loans Inc., Countrywide Funding Corporation and Americas
Wholesale Lender vs. Jean A. Summers, Crown Bank FSB, Glenn J. Summers, Spring
Hill Civic Association, John Doe and Jane Doe Unknown Tenants (real property).

Wachovia Bank National Association, First Union National Bank and First Union
National Bank of Florida vs. H. Chris Steffens, H. Chris Steffans, Patricia Ann
Steffens, Patricia A. Phillips, Patricia Ann Steffans, Unknown Spouse of
Patricia Ann Steffans, John Doe, Jane Doe, Amsouth Bank of Florida and Fortune
Bank (real property).

Regions Mortgage Inc. and Real Estate Financing vs. The Trustee Company as
Trustee, Tenants 1-4 and Unknown Parties in Possession (real property).

Dismissed

Walter Brown III and Mary Brown vs. Kathleen Nicol and Allstate Indemnity
Company (auto negligence).

Frank Sabatino vs. William H. Philippus and Allstate Insurance Company (auto
negligence).

Christina Wilkerson vs. Team Fleet Financing Corporation and Dell A. Franklin
(auto negligence).

Fawn J. Davis vs. Robert L. Davis, Jr. (dissolution of marriage).

Firstar Bank NA as Trustee and Salomon Brother Mortgage Securities VII Inc. vs.
Barbara Currie Troncoso and Unknown Parties in Possession (real property).

James Baker and Suzanne Baker vs. Roger Williamson, Virginia Williamson, Steven
L. Bartlett and Tracy Bartlett (other negligence).

Esther D. Gregory vs. Angela S. Gregory (child support).

Mortgage Electronic Registration System Inc. and Household Finance Corporation
vs. Ricardo Montes, Coleen Lawlor, Unknown Spouse of Ricardo Montes, Unknown
Spouse of Coleen Lawlor, John Doe, Hernando County and Jane Doe (real property).

County Line Mower Center Inc. vs. Roberts Supply Inc.(other).

STR Realty Inc. vs. Cheryl D. Bufalo, Cheryl Deanne Bufalo and Firstmerit Bank
NA (real property).

Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota NA as Trustee vs. Brook Blevins and Unknown Parties
in Possession (real property).

Judgments

Wilson E. Morris vs. Reginald P. White, Sr. (child support).

Veronica T. Graves vs. Vearlean Langley (child support).

Wilson Morris vs. Vearlean Langley (child support).

Donna Rae Register vs. Donna Rae Paquette (other domestic relations).

Andrew Allen Shepley vs. Madalynn A. Shepley (other domestic relations).

Tracy Lynn Wavra and Katie Lynn Wavra vs. Katie Lynn Jankowski (other domestic
relations).

Dissolutions of marriage filed

Billy J. Taylor vs. Erica D. Taylor.

Katherine L. Tercero vs. Fernando Tercero.

Larry R. Clark vs. Patricia J. Clark.

Eileen T. Reale vs. James F. Reale.

Sandra A. Garcia vs. Paul A. Garcia.

Elizabeth Ann Marcum vs. Anthony Ray Marcum.

Martha Caridad Martinez vs. Julio Martinez.

Keith E. Tomlinson vs. Kristin J. Tomlinson.

Michael K. Brown, Sr. vs. Janet Leigh Wimberly Brown.

Dana Lee Cutlip vs. Susan E. Cutlip.

David Jordan vs. Angela Rose Jordan.

Chris E. Canty vs. Trina L. Canty.

Richard A. Barker vs. Linda S. Barker.

Scott Joa vs. Susan Joa.

Dissolutions of marriage granted

Michael R. Kessler vs. Lorraine Kessler.

Ann Marie Ebersole vs. Anthony Ebersole.

Wayne Penney vs. Linda L. Penney.

Stacey Ranfone vs. Francis A. Ranfone.

Sheila L. Cannon vs. Ace L. Cannon.

Aghiad Yabroudi vs. Wendy G. Sweeney.

Daniel L. Casteleiro vs. Carol Casteleiro.

Diana Snyder vs. Charles Snyder.

Margarete L. Caudill vs. Barry A. Caudill.

Nancy Lee Humphrey vs. Keith Del Humphrey, Sr.

Bonnie May Hicks vs. Preston Richard Hicks, Jr.

Terry P. Smith vs. David A. Smith.

Rene Ippoliti vs. Robert G. Ippoliti.

Kristi M. Ploettner vs. Walter V. Ploettner.

Isabell Harris vs. Juan Letroy Harris.

Laura L. Quebedo vs. Robert J. Quebedo.

Alexander W. Walmsley vs. Linda S. Walmsley.

Beverly Bea Lathem vs. Roger V. Lathem.

Tonya Schaefer vs. Jack Schaefer.

Marriage license applications

Paul Francis Baia and Susan Lynn Briske, both of Spring Hill.

William Joseph Luebbers and Alecia Michelle Clifton, both of Brooksville.

Timothy Franklin Hitchcock and Lissette Caminero, both of Cookeville, Tenn.

Scott Coleman Hope and Lisa Marie Bussard, both of Spring Hill.

Justin Riley Hardwick of Zephyrhills and Ashley Lavern Overstreet of Plant City.

Timothy James Hadley and Renell Marlene Huber, both of Spring Hill.

Anthony James Greene and Elizabeth Ann Caraccia, both of Spring Hill.

Joseph Clement Kearns and Jeanine Beatrice Liuzzi, both of Brooksville.

Ralph Leonard Wojtowicz of Irving, Texas and Susan Joy Fedde of Greenwood, S.C.

Richard Anthony Kingston and Helen Ann Wilson, both of Spring Hill.

Frank Carmen Zito, Jr. and Daryl Lynn Guarante, both of Spring Hill.

Chadwick Earl Davis of Hudson and Melissa Erin Dawkins of Spring Hill.

Peter Garrett Depp and Christina D'Ambrosio, both of Spring Hill.

Gerald Armand Perrin and Evelyn Bernice Garland, both of Brooksville.

Brennen Michael Gurrin of Brooksville and Kerri Louise Lucas of Spring Hill.

Paul Warren Mays and Sandra Lynn Yonkman, both of Boca Raton.

Ryan Dean Pfeiffer and Sheryl Ann Medina, both of Spring Hill.

David John Lacerda of Brooksville and Laura Elizabeth Conley of Spring Hill.

Darrell Eugene Sumpter and Valerie Agostino, both of Brooksville.

Jonathan Robert Sanders and Fashion Marie Foster, both of Masaryktown.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 6, 2002

CORRECTION: The name of Frank Carmen Zito Sr. was reported incorrectly in
Monday's News of Record. Zito Sr. obtained a marriage license along with Daryl
Lynn Guarante.

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            November 16, 2007 Friday

HEALTH HAPPENINGS

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Contra Costa; Eastern Contra Costa; My Town

LENGTH: 1355 words



     ·    Home Chore Registry Program: East County -- A program for seniors who
          need to hire someone to help with day-to-day tasks. For information
          about this program in East County call 925-439-1202.


United Healthcare Children's Foundation -- California parents with children in
need of medical services or equipment not fully covered by health insurance can
apply for a grant up to $5,000. For information:  http://www.uhccf.org .

Miracles on Wheels power wheelchairs -- No-cost electric power wheelchairs to
non-ambulatory senior citizens, 65 years-and older, and the permanently disabled
of any age. For information and qualifications: 1-800-749-8778,
http://www.jaspanmedical.com .

Wishes on Wheels power wheelchairs -- No cost power wheelchairs for
nonambulatory senior citizens ages 65 and older, and persons of any age with
permanent disabilities. For information and qualification: 1-800-823-5220,
http://www.threewishes2.com .


     ·    John Muir Mobile Health Clinic -- Operates the first four Saturdays of
          the month at 633 Village Drive, Brentwood. Provides free preventative
          and urgent medical care for those who are uninsured or unable to pay
          for care. For a schedule of dates and times, call 925-313-6250.


BLOOD DRIVES

American Red Cross Blood Drives -- 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com to
schedule appointment.

Nov. 23: Noon-5 p.m. Bloodmobile in the parking lot of Regal Cinemas, Deer
Valley, 4200 Lone Tree Way, Antioch.

Dec. 17: 1:30-6:30 p.m. 200 E. Leland Road, Pittsburg. Use code: PITTSBURG.

Dec. 19: 9 a.m.-3 p.m. 2840 Willow Pass Road, Bay Point. Call Mary Morris at
925-458-7211 to schedule an appointment.

Dec. 28: 1-6 p.m. Sutter Delta Medical Center, Antioch. Use code:
SUTTERDELTAANT.

SUTTER DELTA


     ·    Sutter Delta Medical Center offers the following health events, 3901
          Lone Tree Way, Antioch:


Women's Health Center Tours: 1:30 or 7:30 p.m. first and third Mondays monthly.
925-779-7230.

"Calling It Quits": Smoking Cessation, Do you want to kick the habit of smoking?
Classes are scheduled as needed. For information, call 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Lactation Services, The Women's Health Center has lactation consultants with
services available for outpatient appointments. 925-779-7200, Ext. 4206,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Ready, Set, Deliver: 6-8:30 p.m. Nov. 28 and Dec. 5. Prepares the mother and
support person for labor and delivery and the postpartum period. Community
Education Room. $75 per couple. Registration: 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Diabetic Education Series: 1-2:30 p.m. Dec. 3, 10, and 17. Understand diabetes
and how to control it through counseling, education and the support of others.
Edna Fallman Center. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

ABCs of Congestive Heart Failure: 10 a.m.-noon Dec. 5 and 12. A two-day class to
learn some tricks of the trade for coping with this manageable condition. Edna
Fallman Center. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570,  http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Quarterly Diabetes Workshop: Protecting Against Heart Disease: 6-7:30 p.m. Dec.
6 and 12:30-2 p.m. Dec. 7. Come and meet others who share the same frustrations
and victories as you. A cardiologist will be available to answer your questions.
Community Education Room. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Advance Health Care Directive: 10-11:30 a.m. Dec. 10. Allows you to appoint
someone to speak on your behalf in the event of an emergency or if you are too
ill to make your wishes known. Edna Fallman Center. Free. Registration:
925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Little Helper: 6:30-7:30 p.m. Dec. 12. Helps children ages 3 to 8 prepare for a
new baby in the family. Women's Health Center. $10 per family. Registration:
925-779-3570,  http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Get Tough On Angina: 1-3 p.m. Dec. 14. Get a better understanding of angina: the
cause, diagnosis and treatment of this disease. Edna Fallman Center. Free.
Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Cardiac Risk Factors: 6-8 p.m. Dec. 19. Many have factors that put them at risk
of high blood pressure, heart attack and strokes. Find out how to change those
risk factors. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

CPR for Family and Friends: 5-8 p.m. Dec. 19. Teaches recognition and emergency
resuscitation techniques for laypersons who want to learn rescue skills for a
loved one. This is not a certification class. Edna Fallman Center. $10 per
person. Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

JOHN MUIR SENIOR SERVICES


     ·    John Muir Medical Center offers the following senior services at
          various locations:


Memory Screening, Morning and afternoon appointments available Dec. 18-19. Take
advantage of a seven minute screening that will provide you with information to
discuss with your physician. John Muir Out Patient Center, 2400 Balfour Road,
Brentwood. Free. Reservations: 925-947-3300.

JOHN MUIR, BRENTWOOD


     ·    John Muir Outpatient Center, Brentwood offers the following health
          events and services, 2400 Balfour Road, Brentwood:


Osteoporosis Screening, Low-dose screening, hip and spine bone densitometry
exams are available. Physician referral is required. For information, call
925-308-8123.

Babies in Brentwood, Support For New Parents: 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Mondays.
Interact with other new parents and babies age newborn to 6 months. Get
information, support and have fun. No registration required. 925-941-7900.

New Parent Group, 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Lactation: First and third Mondays
facilitated by a board-certified lactation consultant. Other Mondays will be
focused topics and open discussion on various parenting issues. Registration:
925-941-7900, option 3, http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

WOMEN'S HEALTH CENTER


     ·    John Muir Women's Health Center offers the following health events,
          1656 N. California Blvd., Walnut Creek.


The Wig Source, John Muir Medical Center Auxiliary provides free wigs to women
and children suffering hair loss due to medical treatment, such as chemotherapy
for cancer. This service is provided regardless of where treatment is being
received. Wig fitting appointments are available at the John Muir Women's Health
Center. 925-947-5328,

Breast in the Best, 10 a.m.-noon Wednesdays. This weekly drop-in class is for
breast-feeding mothers to come for basic education about general feeding,
supplementing, pumping and storing. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Osteoporosis Exercise, 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. For anyone who has been
diagnosed with osteoporosis. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Post Partum Depression/Anxiety Group: Get help with excessive worries about
yourself or your baby. Call 510-273-9548 for date, times and registration.

First Mondays for Women, Connect with other women on the first Monday of each
month and make new friends. Guest speakers, professional and personal support.
$10 per evening. Times and registration: 925-941-7900.

Yoga for Women, Noon-1 p.m. Tuesdays or 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. $70 for one
month. Registration: 925-942-7900, wwwjohnmuirhealth.com.

THE WELLNESS COMMUNITY


     ·    Offers the following health events, 3276 McNutt Avenue, Walnut Creek


Return to wellness, 4-6 p.m. Through Nov. 21. A program that helps women recover
from emotional and physical effects of breast cancer treatment. Group support is
combined with exercise and nutrition. Free. Registration: 925-933-0107.

Deep Spiritual Awareness Through the Cancer Experience, 4-6 p.m. Dec. 13. In
this workshop participants will have the opportunity to explore and deepen their
spirituality. Sutter Delta Medical Center, 3901 Lone Tree Way, Antioch. Free.
Registration: 925-779-3570.

Nutrition and Cancer Treatment, 10 a.m.-1 p.m. Dec. 1. Learn hoe to address
specific nutritional issues. Free. Registration: 925-933-0107.

Stress Reduction, 6-8 p.m. Dec. 4. This workshop will help patients and
caregivers learn to focus and relax the mind and body. Free. Registration:
925-933-0107.

Mindful Chi Kung, 10 a.m.-noon Dec. 8. You will greatly improve your sense of
well-being with this practice along with meditation. Free. Registration:
925-933-0107.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Holmes County Herald

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 17, 2009

Supervisors handle multiple money matters, reject pathologist proposal

BYLINE: Holmes County Herald staff

LENGTH: 798  words


The September meeting of the Holmes County Supervisors opened Tuesday, September
8 with approval of the agenda, the September 2009 claims docket and other manual
claims, claim to Wayne Morrison, and acceptance of the Circuit Court orders from
Honorable Jannie Lewis, Holmes County Circuit Court Judge.

Jimmy Heidell, Economic Development Association representative, and Kathy
Gelston, Mississippi Development Authority representative, gave status reports
to the board members concerning economic development projects and prospect for
Holmes County.

James Coleman met with the supervisors concerning an issue with Holly Grove
Meeks Road. No action was taken.

Quotes for insurance coverage from Hooker Insurance Agency for the old jail were
reviewed and the supervisors voted to accept the proposal.

At the request of Holmes County Circuit Clerk Earline Wright-Hart, funds were
allocated for the board to be used for the upcoming September 14 special term
and the regular September/October term of Holmes County Circuit Court.

Claims concerning the Industrial Park project for the new industry were accepted
and the supervisors voted to pay the claims upon the reception of funds from the
State.

An interfund loan for the new Health Department building from the #002 Escrow
Fund to the Health Care Grant Fund was approved.

The supervisors acknowledged the receipt of a letter from the Center for
Governmental Training & Technology concerning the recertification of Mary R.
McGee, Tax Assessor/Collector; Amos Coffee, appraiser; and Leonard Jones,
appraiser.

The supervisors formally received the resignations of Reginald Liddell and
Martha Shaffer from the Holmes/Humphreys Regional Correctional Facility, the
promotion from part time to full time of Esther Hodges, Kenneth Montgomery, Moss
Thurmond, and Tiffany Parks, and the employment of Geneva Givens as a part time
dispatcher.

Lexington Main Street was given permission to use the Courthouse lawn on October
31, 2009.

The supervisors acknowledged receipt of: a certified copy of a resolution of the
Board of Commissions of Abiaca Drainage District levying and assessment for tax
year 2009 at 3% of the assessed benefits, a proposal from the Mississippi Public
Service Commission to adopt a new rule for its rules and regulations governing
public utility service, and a letter from the Mississippi State Tax Commission
stating that Holmes County can take bids for aerial photography of the county.

The recording of proofs of publications for legals run by the county was
approved.

Travel for Winnifred Boyd, HHRCF nurse, to attend a medical conference in
Jackson on September 10-11.

A computer maintenance contract for days of work with Data Systems Management,
Inc. was approved.

The Board members approved the purchase subscriptions for the magazine,
Mississippi Association of Supervisors, for the county.

Approval was given for the count to participate in the Beaver Control Assistance
Program for fiscal year 2010. The county will negotiate a contract with a
company to take care of beaver problems in Holmes County for the coming year.

The board approved applications for emergency work for erosion problems on the
following roads: Fire Tower Road Site 2, 730 Fire Tower Road, Christmas Road,
Richard Travis Road, Lynchfield Plantation Road, and Old Tchula Road.

The supervisors agreed to acknowledge receiving a Title VI Assessment Report
from the Mississippi Department of Transportation.

Senator David Jordan was reappointed to the Delta Council Development
Department.

A claim from Bulldog Construction Company for site work on the Holmes County
Health Department site on Depot Street in Lexington was approved.

The supervisors acknowledged receiving a letter from Holmes County Coroner
Dexter Howard concerning a county pathologist. The supervisors voted not to hire
Dr. Steven Haynes as county pathologist.

A transfer of funds from an escrow fund to Districts One and Four road projects
was approved.

The recommendation of Rose Washington, Adolescent Offenders Project coordinator,
recommended that Lucille Durham Lacy, LMSW, be hired as a part-time counselor,
and Zeredick Wilson, B.A., be hired as a full-time case manager.

Contracts for various aspects of the construction of the Holmes County Health
Department were pre-authorized pending approval of the board attorney.

The board acknowledged receiving Homestead Warrants from the State of
Mississippi for $179,550 and remittance of the Holmes County School District's
share of $83,250.

New business included the signing of an interlocal agreement on street work in
communities that had been signed by local municipalities.

Kathy Gelston, Mississippi Development Authority, Finance Department
representative, met with the board to discuss stimulus funds and the mechanisms
involved in the funding.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HCH

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2009 Holmes County Herald


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                              July 31, 2006 Monday
                                SARASOTA EDITION

Obituaries

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BS6

LENGTH: 678 words


SARASOTA COUNTY

George D. Koch

George D. Koch, 89, Sarasota, died July 26, 2006.

He was born Dec. 5, 1916, in Bloomfield, N.J., and came to Sarasota in 1962 from
Caldwell, N.J. He was a salesman at Visual Equipment.

Survivors include his wife of 29 years, Mary; daughters Dana Moore of Sarasota,
Carol Williams of Pensacola, Debra Crecraft of Cookeville, Tenn., and Diane
Cirino of Willoughby, Ohio; and many grandchildren and great-grandchildren.

Wiegand Brothers Funeral Home is in charge.

Virginia P. Mayo

Virginia P. Mayo, 88, Sarasota, died July 30, 2006.

She was born April 17, 1918, in Battle Creek, Mich., and came to Sarasota in
1958 from Michigan. She retired as a teacher at McIntosh Middle School and was a
member of the Ringling Library Association. She earned a bachelor's degree from
Michigan State University and was a founding sister of Delta Pi Delta Chapter of
the Alpha Chi Omega Alumni Sorority.

Survivors include a daughter, Linda M. Lynn of Rockville, Md.; two
grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren.

Memorial donations may be made to Capt. Robert and Virginia Mayo Scholarship
Fund, c/o The Military Officers Association of America, 201 Washington St.,
Alexandria VA 22314.

Paul F. Miller

Paul F. Miller, 87, North Port, died July 29, 2006.

He was born Dec. 18, 1918, in Fairmont, W.Va., and came to North Port from there
in 1983. He retired in 1979 as a supervisor after 42 years at Owens Illinois in
Fairmont. He was a member of First Baptist Church in North Port and the Masons
Lodge in Fairmont.

Survivors include his wife Rosalee; a son, Gary of Fairmont; a daughter, Norma
Wohlers of Lyons, Mich.; brothers Charles and Kenneth, both of Fairmont; and
four grandchildren.

Visitation will be from 2 to 4 and 6 to 8 p.m. Tuesday at Farley Funeral Home,
North Port Chapel. Services will be at 10 a.m. Wednesday at the funeral home.
Burial will follow in Venice Memorial Gardens.

Memorial donations may be made to the Alzheimer's Association, 1230 S. Tuttle
Ave., Sarasota FL 34239.

James Vincenzo Spiritosanto

James Vincenzo Spiritosanto, 92, Jacksonville, and formerly of North Port, died
July 27, 2006, at Huntington Health Care in Burgaw, N.C.

He moved to Jacksonville in 2002 after 30 years in North Port. He was an Army
veteran of World War II who earned a Purple Heart and a Bronze Star.

Survivors include a daughter, Carmen Ticconi of Snyder, N.Y.; sons James L. of
Jacksonville and Anthony of Springfield, Va.; a brother, John of California;
nine grandchildren; and eight great-grandchildren.

Services will be at 3 p.m. today at Jones Funeral Home, Jacksonville.

Janus Tschernyk

Janus Tschernyk, 83, North Port, died July 29, 2006.

He was born Aug. 27, 1922, in Ukraine and came to North Port in 1992 from
Hamburg, N.Y. He was a member of St. Andrew's Ukrainian Church.

Survivors include his wife, Olga; sons Henry Cernyk of North Port and Alexander
Cernyk of Deerfield Beach; daughters Ludmila Marrero of Boca Raton and Nella
Valdez of Washington, D.C.; three grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren.

Visitation will be from 5 to 7 p.m. today, with a Panachyda service to follow,
at Farley Funeral Home, North Port Chapel. A Mass will begin at Farley Funeral
Home, North Port Chapel, at 9 a.m. Tuesday and continue at St. Andrew's
Ukrainian Church at 9:30 a.m. Burial will follow in Venice Memorial Gardens.

Joan C. Van Alen

Joan C. (Freymann) Van Alen, 70, Venice, died July 27, 2006.

She came to Venice from Menomonee Falls, Wis., where she had been vice president
of loan operations at Tri-City National Bank. She had also been vice-president
at F&M Bank and at Tri City Bank, and was a member of Menomonee Falls Business
and Professional Women's Association.

Survivors include her husband, Richard; children Kathleen Pielmeier and Michael
Price; stepchildren Eric Valerie Clavette, Stacy Kindt and Georgia Mayer; a
sister, Sr. Mary Therese Freymann B.V.M.; five grandchildren; four
great-grandchildren; and 11 stepgrandchildren.

Services and inurnment will be in Illinois, where Schmidt and Sons Funeral and
Cremation Service, Menomonee Falls, is in charge.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: OBITUARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               New Jersey Lawyer

                                 June 19, 2006

Pending Legislation;
ELDER AND DISABILITY LAW

BYLINE: By Valerie L. Brown, James P. Condon, D. Todd Sidor and Laurie Weresow;
Valerie L. Brown is legislative counsel of the New Jersey State Bar Association.
Assistant Legislative Counsel, James P. Condon, Associate Legislative Counsel,
D. Todd Sidor and Legislative Associate Laurie Weresow contributed to this
report.

SECTION: CAPITOL REPORT; Vol. 15, No. 25; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 245 words

HIGHLIGHT: This is a status report on recently passed and pending legislation
and regulations, gubernatorial nominations and appointments of interest to
lawyers.  It is compiled by the legislative department of the New Jersey State
Bar Association.  Following each bill is the number, sponsor's name, NJSBA
position, if any, bill description and status.



S-1642/A-2823 (Weinberg/Whelan) X Establishes the Independence, Dignity and
Choice in Long-Term Care Act.  Reallocates state long-term care expenditures.
On June 8, S-1642 was released from the Senate Health, Human Services and Senior
Citizens Committee with committee amendments and A-2823 passed in the Assembly
(79-0).

S-1936/A-3197 (Rice/Green) Lowers to 62 the statutory qualifying age for
low-income senior citizen state rental assistance grants.  On June 8, S-1936 was
introduced and referred to the Senate Community and Urban Affairs Committee.

S-1952/A-386 (Karcher/Chatzidakis) X Requires a 60-day notice of closing or
relocation of nursing homes and assisted-living residences to residents, their
representatives and the Department of Health and Senior Services, and provides
for a waiver of notice in an emergency.  On June 8, S-1592 and A-386 were
released from the Senate Health, Human Services and Senior Citizens Committee.

Key
The following symbols are used to denote the New Jersey State Bar Association's
position on legislation:
+         Support.            .       Amended
 *        Oppose.                     consistent with
                                      the NJSBA's
 diamond  No position.                request.
X         Under review:        DELTA  Initiated and
          "Under review"              drafted by the
          means the bill is           NJSBA.
          currently being
          examined by the     [+]     Support with
          NJSBA and a                 amendments.
          final position has
          not been taken.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption

                   Copyright 2006 The New Jersey Lawyer, Inc.


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             May 11, 2016 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

BOYS AND GIRLS CLUB'S DENTAL LAB PROMOTES GOOD HEALTH HABITS AND CAREERS;
EDUCATION

BYLINE:  OGECHI EMECHEBE , The Capital Times , oemechebe@madison.com

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 603 words


On a recent Wednesday afternoon, students at the Boys and Girls Club of Dane
County listened as Ed Batchelor, a dentist at Excellence in Dentistry, talked
about his career. He went over how many years of school are required, what his
job entails, how many days a week he works and the average salary of a dentist.

"Dentists make around $200,000 a year. On average, I work about three to four
days a week," he told them. "Life as a dentist is a pretty good life."

The presentation was part of a larger effort to educate kids about career
opportunities while also teaching them about maintaining good health habits.

Students had gathered in the dental lab that recently opened at the Boys and
Girls Club's Taft Street location. Erica Olsen, a dental hygienist who has
worked with Batchelor for 15 years, spearheaded the program.

When students take part in their after-school activities at the club, they can
participate in a session Olsen leads where she teaches them the importance of
caring for teeth.

Around a year and a half ago, she got the idea to educate students on
preventative dental measures. Educating youth in the importance of oral hygiene
is something she said she's passionate about.

"One of the biggest things in Madison and across the board is a lack of access
to care, predominately in lower socioeconomic classes. There's not a lot of
places that provide dental care for people who can't afford it or don't have
assistance," Olsen said. "Ninety-five percent of dental problems can be
prevented through good home care, oral hygiene and education."

Olsen thought the Boys and Girls Club would be a great place to begin the
education lessons. She contacted Michael Johnson, CEO of the organization, who
agreed to the idea. Last year, Delta Dental provided Olsen with a grant to work
on the project.

"Tooth decay is one of the top reasons kids miss school. It's challenging to get
quality health care," Johnson said. "For the future we're looking into opening
up a full service dental clinic in one of our clubs. We're so honored that Erica
is here doing such great work."

The program has four components: oral health, overall health, nutrition and
dental career exploration. At last week's session, students also learned from
Batchelor about how wellness in other parts of their bodies is tied to oral
health. He described cases where issues like gum disease can cause other
problems, such as knee and joint pain.

Last year, Olsen started working with younger kids, from 6 to 10 years old, and
they did hands-on activities. She taught them how to properly brush and floss,
and did experiments that illustrated how large amounts of sugar can damage the
teeth and lead to diseases like high blood pressure or diabetes.

The second phase, working with older kids from 11 to 16 years of age, launched
on May 4. On that day, in addition to the career information from Batchelor,
Olsen took a dental screening of the students to identify if there was any
plaque, tooth decay or other needs that had to be immediately addressed.
Students learned how to take a blood pressure measurement. Olsen also went over
what cavities are, braces and their costs, gum disease and the importance of
good nutrition.

"Lack of knowledge can sometimes be a generational cycle," Olsen said. "If we
can't get to the parents, we reach out to the kids so they can become informed
and pass that knowledge down to future generations."

"There's a lot of suffering that goes on when you aren't educated on something,"
Batchelor said. "Ideally we would like to get the parents involved in the future
but for now it's important to get the kids informed."

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS BY SAIYNA BASHIR Dental hygienist Erica Olsen and dentist Ed
Batchelor explain dental hygiene to students at the Boys and Girls Club. Olsen
shows students how to check blood pressure during a session. Olsen holds a
dental model while dentist Ed Batchelor talks about dental hygiene with students
at the Boys and Girls Club.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                August 29, 2011

WEEK ON THE WEB

SECTION: Pg. 22 Vol. 27

LENGTH: 994  words


Court says move on public worker pay was illegal

The Michigan Court of Appeals says lawmakers acted illegally when they forced
public employees to pay 3 percent toward the health care of retirees. The
three-judge panel on Friday said lawmakers were simply trying to fill a budget
hole when they couldn't muster the two-thirds vote needed to kill 3 percent
raises for state employees in 2010, and that they illegally trampled the work of
the Michigan Civil Service Commission, which had approved the raises.

ON THE MOVE

- Charles Carpenter has been named CEO of Medical Advantage Group, an Ann Arbor-
and East Lansing-based consulting and management services company with five
medical groups in Southeast Michigan. He replaces Larry Schwartz, who is
retiring but will continue as a consultant through the end of the year.

- Longtime auto executive Carlos Mazzorin was named to the board of directors of
Amerigon Inc. He most recently served as president and COO of Canada-based Magna
International Inc. subsidiary Magna Electronics Inc.

- Bodman LLP attorney Valerie Brader will become energy policy officer for the
Michigan Economic Development Corp. Sept. 12. Brader, 34, will help make policy
recommendations in areas from natural gas hydraulic fracturing to economic
development opportunities in energy, to the debate some are trying to raise over
reopening state energy reforms and lifting the cap on the amount of customers
that can switch from regulated utilities to alternate electricity suppliers.

COMPANY NEWS

- Van Buren Township-based Visteon Corp. said Monday it intends to invest in
Chinese supplier Wuhu Bonaire Auto Electrical Systems Co. Ltd. through one of
its international affiliates.

- General Motors Co. is launching a comprehensive review of how it spends
billions in advertising dollars around the world, Advertising Age reported.

- The Birmingham office of Weber Shandwick has been awarded a three-year, $5.63
million contract to handle the Web, media, public relations and digital
marketing work for Travel Michigan's Pure Michigan state tourism advertising
campaign. Weber Shandwick is the sister agency of McCann Erickson, which has a
$2.28 million contract to do the campaign's creative work.

- Some of the 100 Boeing 737-900ER passenger jets ordered by Atlanta-based Delta
Air Lines Inc. are expected to go into service at Detroit Metropolitan Airport.
The single-aisle, 180-seat jets can serve on any domestic route.

COURTS

- The Michigan Court of Appeals ruled Wednesday that medical marijuana cannot be
sold through dispensaries, the Associated Press reported.

- The U.S. Court of Appeals for the 6th Circuit has upheld a U.S. District Court
injunction against Satisfied Brake Products Inc., a Canadian automotive supplier
accused of stealing trade secrets from Ann Arbor-based Affinia Group Inc.

- Wayne County Circuit Judge John Murphy ruled Thursday that County Executive
Robert Ficano could not impose a roughly 20 percent wage cut on employees, and
that changes to compensation rates must be approved by the county commission.
Unions sued after Ficano imposed the cut last year, and say they will pursue
back wages.

OTHER NEWS

- Federal highway safety officials say as many as 3,000 autos in Ann Arbor will
be equipped with wireless safety equipment next year that will allow vehicles to
"talk" to each other and warn drivers of impending collisions, Automotive News
reported.

- Sports radio station WXYT 1270 AM will switch to a largely conservative
all-talk lineup Sept. 12. Programming on sister station WXYT 97.1 FM will remain
unaffected.

- Gov. Rick Snyder, members of his administration and economic-development
officials plan to promote Michigan agriculture and the state's business climate
as part of a late-September investment mission to China, Japan and South Korea.

- The board of the Detroit-based New Common School Foundation has asked its
attorneys to look into any conflict of interest between its founder and
President Clark Durant's position at the foundation and his run for the U.S.
Senate. Durant plans to campaign to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Debbie Stabenow
in 2012, taking on former U.S. Rep. Pete Hoekstra.

- The College for Creative Studies in Detroit said Tuesday it has received a $2
million grant from the Battle Creek-based W.K. Kellogg Foundation to help fund
CCS' expansion of its integrated campus for art and design students, and to
support the school's efforts over five years to prepare Detroit young people for
creative careers.

- The Michigan Film Office has approved an incentive of $411,650 on $1.03
million of projected in-state expenditures for the latest project of Farmington
Hills-based Scientifically Proven Entertainment: a Detroit-centric video game
called "Ghost Game."

- John Frith, vice president of Detroit-based auto dealer consultants Urban
Science, said Wednesday that from the beginning of 2011 until the end of July,
the number of local dealerships fell by 0.4 percent, from 230 to 229, while
nationally they grew by 0.4 percent.

- A new "green" terminal was unveiled Wednesday at Oakland County International
Airport in Waterford Township. The 15,000-square foot project cost $7.5 million
and was funded by grants from the Federal Aviation Administration, the U.S.
Department of Energy and the Michigan Department of Transportation Bureau of
Aeronautics, along with airport user fees. Included in the construction of the
terminal were Kenneth Neumann/Joel Smith and Associates Inc. of Southfield and
Frank Rewold and Son Inc. of Rochester.

- A consortium of economic development agencies is soliciting proposals for a
"transformative" project in downtown Detroit's Capitol Park, with an eye toward
a walkable district blending retail, residential and dining or entertainment
venues. The consortium comprises the Detroit Economic Growth Corp., the Michigan
Economic Development Corp., the Michigan Land Bank Fast Track Authority, the
Wayne County Land Bank and the Invest Detroit Foundation.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2011 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2016 Monday

Regulatory update: Colorado Public Utilities Commission; Colorado Public
Utilities Commission , has issued (16A-0291BP ) A. The Commission Orders That:
1. The Stipulated Motion of Zebib LLC and Tazco, Inc. d/b/a Sunshine Taxi to
Restrictively Amend the Application and for Conditional Withdrawal of
Intervenor's Intervention filed on July 1, 2016, is granted. 2. The July 1,
2016, motion of Zebib LLC and Tazco, Inc. d/b/a Sunshine Taxi for Waiver of the
Response Time to the foregoing Stipulated Mo

LENGTH: 3375  words

DATELINE: New York



 Denver: Colorado Public Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(filing):



 Decision No. R16-0723

 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF COLORADO

 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0291BP

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF ZEBIB LLC FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE

 AS A CONTRACT CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.



 RECOMMENDED DECISION OF

 ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGE

 STEVEN H. DENMAN

 GRANTING STIPULATED MOTIONS

 TO APPROVE RESTRICTIVE AMENDMENTS

 AND GRANTING AMENDED APPLICATION



 I. STATEMENT AND FINDINGS

 A. Application for Contract Carrier Authority

 1. On April 22, 2016, Zebib LLC (Zebib or Applicant) filed a verified
Application

 for a Permit to Operate as a Contract Carrier by Motor Vehicle for Hire
(Application).

 2. On May 2, 2016, the Commission issued a notice of the Application, as
follows:

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the

 transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Adams,
Arapahoe,

 Denver, Douglas, and Jefferson, State of Colorado.

 This application is restricted: (A) to the transportation of passengers who are
recipients

 of Medicaid; and, (B) to providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT) services
for the

 Colorado Department of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570 Grant Street,
Denver,

 Colorado.

 3. On April 27, 2016, Zebib amended the Application, and on May 2, 2016, the

 Commission re-noticed the Application to reflect the first amendment.

 Colorado PUC E-Filings System

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0723 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0291BP

 2

 4. On May 5, 2016, Zebib again amended its Application to add Boulder,

 Broomfield, Larimer and Weld Counties to its requested service area. On May 16,
2016, the

 Commission re-noticed the Application to reflect the second amendment.

 5. On May 17, 2016, Zebib amended its Application for a third time to add

 numerous other counties to its requested service area.

 6. On May 31, 2016, the Commission re-noticed the Application to reflect the
third

 amendment, as follows:

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the

 transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties Adams,
Arapahoe,

 Alamosa, Archuleta, Baca, Bent, Boulder, Broomfield, Chaffee, Cheyenne, Clear
Creek,

 Conejos, Costilla, Crowley, Custer, Delta, Denver, Dolores, Douglas, Eagle, El
Paso,

 Elbert, Fremont, Garfield, Gilpin, Grand, Gunnison, Hinsdale, Huerfano,
Jackson,

 Jefferson, Kiowa, Kit Carson, La Plata, Lake, Larimer, Las Animas, Lincoln,
Logan,

 Mesa, Mineral, Moffat, Montezuma, Montrose, Morgan, Otero, Ouray, Park,
Phillips,

 Pitkin, Prowers, Pueblo, Rio Blanco, Rio Grande, Routt, Saguache, San Juan, San


 Miguel, Sedgwick, Summit, Teller, Washington, Weld, and Yuma, State of
Colorado.

 This application is restricted: (A) to the transportation of passengers who are
recipients

 of Medicaid; and, (B) to providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT) services
for the

 Colorado Department of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570 Grant Street,
Denver,

 Colorado.

 7. On June 1, 2016, City Cab, LLC, (City Cab), through its counsel, filed an
Entry of

 Appearance and Notice of Intervention and Initial List of Witnesses and
Exhibits, Alternative

 Motion for Permissive Intervention, and Request for Hearing. City Cab included
a copy of its

 Commission authority (Certificate No. 2282) with its intervention. City Cab is
an intervenor in

 this proceeding.

 8. On June 29, 2016, Tazco, Inc., doing business as Sunshine Taxi, (Sunshine
Taxi)

 filed a sworn Statement of Self Representation, asserting inter alia that Rule
1201, 4 Code of

 Colorado Regulations (CCR) 723-1 (2015), does not require it to be represented
by legal counsel

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0723 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0291BP

 3

 in this matter. Pursuant to Rule 1201(b), 4 CCR 723-1, (2015), Sunshine Taxi
has established,

 and the ALJ finds, that Kelly Milan, a non-attorney officer of Tazco, Inc., may
represent

 Sunshine Taxi's interests in this proceeding.

 9. On June 29, 2016, Sunshine Taxi also filed an Intervention and Entry of

 Appearance by Right in Opposition to the Permanent Authority Application or
Alternative

 Motion to Permissively Intervene; Preliminary List of Witnesses and Exhibits,
including a copy

 of its Commission authority (Certificate No. 19429). Sunshine Taxi is an
intervenor in this

 proceeding.

 10. The parties to this proceeding, therefore, are the Applicant, Zebib, and
the

 intervenors, City Cab and Sunshine Taxi.

 11. By minute entry at the Commission's Weekly Meeting held July 6, 2016,

 the Commission deemed the Application complete and referred the matter to an
Administrative

 Law Judge (ALJ) for disposition.

 B. Stipulated Motions to amend the Application Restrictively and Withdrawal

 of Interventions

 12. On July 1, 2016, the Applicant and Sunshine Taxi filed a Stipulated Motion
to

 Restrictively Amend the Application, for Conditional Withdrawal of Intervenor's
Intervention

 and for Waiver of the Response Time (Zebib and Sunshine Taxi Stipulated
Motion), reflecting a

 negotiated settlement of the dispute in this proceeding between those two
parties.

 Applicant requests that its Application be restrictively amended to eliminate
Mesa County from

 the proposed service area. If the motion is granted and the restrictive
amendment is accepted by

 the Commission, Sunshine Taxi states that its interests will be satisfied and
its intervention would

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0723 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0291BP

 4

 be withdrawn. Sunshine Taxi and the Applicant also request that response time
to the Stipulated

 Motion be waived.

 13. According to the Certificate of Service in the Commission's Electronic
Filings

 (E-Filings) System, all Parties were served with the Zebib and Sunshine Taxi
Stipulated Motion

 on July 1, 2016. Pursuant to Rule 1400(b), responses to the motion were due 14
days after

 service, or on or before July 15, 2016. No responses were filed. Therefore, the
request to waive

 response time is moot. Moreover, the lack of any response is found to be a
confession of the

 Zebib and Sunshine Taxi Stipulated Motion.

 14. On July 18, 2016, the Applicant and City Cab filed a Stipulated Motion for

 Imposition of Restrictive Amendments and Conditional Withdrawal of Intervention
(Zebib and

 City Cab Stipulated Motion), reflecting a negotiated settlement of the dispute
in this proceeding

 between those two parties. Applicant agrees to amend the requested authority
restrictively to

 eliminate Pueblo County from the proposed service area. If the motion is
granted and the

 restrictive amendment is accepted by the Commission, City Cab states that its
interests will be

 satisfied and its intervention shall be deemed withdrawn.

 15. According to the Certificate of Service in the Commission's E-Filings
System, all

 parties to this proceeding were served with the Zebib and City Cab Stipulated
Motion on July 18,

 2016. Pursuant to Rule 1400(b), responses to the motion were due 14 days after
service, or on or

 before August 1, 2016. No responses were filed. Therefore, the lack of any
response is found to

 be a confession of the Zebib and City Cab Stipulated Motion.

 16. The settlements negotiated by the parties, reflected in the Zebib and
Sunshine

 Taxi Stipulated Motion and the Zebib and City Cab Stipulated Motion (together
the Stipulated

 Motions), are intended to eliminate Mesa County and Pueblo County,
respectively, from the

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0723 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0291BP

 5

 service area requested by Applicant and to amend the Application restrictively.
The amended

 authority stipulated in the later-filed Zebib and City Cab Stipulated Motion
fails to incorporate

 the agreement from the earlier-filed Zebib and Sunshine Taxi Stipulated Motion
by eliminating

 Mesa County from the requested service area. Construing both Stipulated Motions
and the

 averments of the parties together, the ALJ finds that the effect of the
agreements between Zebib

 and each of Sunshine Taxi and City Cab result in eliminating Mesa County and
Pueblo County

 from the service area requested by Applicant and restrictively amending the
Application and the

 requested contract carrier permit accordingly. The ALJ finds that such a
restrictive amendment

 to the contract carrier permit is consistent with the settlements reflected in
both Stipulated

 Motions, does not materially change the settlements or intent of the
restrictive amendments

 agreed to by the parties, and appears to satisfy the interests of Sunshine Taxi
and City Cab, as

 each expressed in the Stipulated Motions.

 17. Therefore, pursuant to the Stipulated Motions when construed together, the

 Application will be restrictively amended to remove Mesa County and Pueblo
County and the

 authority sought by Applicant will be restated, as follows:

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the

 transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties Adams,
Arapahoe,

 Alamosa, Archuleta, Baca, Bent, Boulder, Broomfield, Chaffee, Cheyenne, Clear
Creek,

 Conejos, Costilla, Crowley, Custer, Delta, Denver, Dolores, Douglas, Eagle, El
Paso,

 Elbert, Fremont, Garfield, Gilpin, Grand, Gunnison, Hinsdale, Huerfano,
Jackson,

 Jefferson, Kiowa, Kit Carson, La Plata, Lake, Larimer, Las Animas, Lincoln,
Logan,

 Mineral, Moffat, Montezuma, Montrose, Morgan, Otero, Ouray, Park, Phillips,
Pitkin,

 Prowers, Rio Blanco, Rio Grande, Routt, Saguache, San Juan, San Miguel,
Sedgwick,

 Summit, Teller, Washington, Weld, and Yuma, State of Colorado.

 This application is restricted: (A) to the transportation of passengers who are
recipients

 of Medicaid; and, (B) to providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT) services
for the

 Colorado Department of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570 Grant Street,
Denver,

 Colorado.

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0723 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0291BP

 6

 18. According to the terms of the Stimulated Motions, Sunshine Taxi and City
Cab

 agreed to withdraw their respective interventions conditioned on the express
approval of the

 restrictive amendments to the contract carrier authority, as set forth in
Paragraph I.17.

 II. ANALYSIS AND CONCLUSIONS

 19. A proposed restrictive amendment to an application for a permit to operate
as a

 contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire must be restrictive in nature, clear
and understandable,

 and administratively enforceable. The proposed restriction to the authority in
a contract carrier

 permit must be unambiguous and must be contained within the four corners of the
contract

 carrier permit granted by the Commission.

 20. The ALJ concludes that Applicant's proposed amendments, agreed to in each

 Stipulated Motion, are restrictive in nature, clear, understandable and
unambiguous, and will be

 administratively enforceable. The ALJ finds that the restrictions to the
authority sought (that is,

 to the contract carrier permit), as set forth in Paragraph I.17, meet the
criteria described above

 and will be accepted.

 21. The amendment of the Application has three relevant results. First, the
authority

 sought (as stated in the May 31, 2016 notice and the third amendment to the
Application) will be

 amended to conform to the restrictive amendments to which Applicant agreed in
the Stipulated

 Motions, as set forth in Paragraph 17 above. Second, the interventions of
Sunshine Taxi and City

 Cab are deemed withdrawn and Sunshine Taxi and City Cab will be dismissed as
parties.

 Third, because the only interventions have been withdrawn, the amended
Application is

 unopposed.

 22. Pursuant to § 40-6-109(5), C.R.S., and Rule 1403, 4 CCR 723-1 of the

 Commission's Rules of Practice and Procedure, the verified Application is,
therefore,

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0723 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0291BP

 7

 uncontested and will be considered under the Commission's modified procedure,
without a

 formal evidentiary hearing.

 23. The verified Application, as amended, requests a Permit to Operate as a
Contract

 Carrier by Motor Vehicle for Hire. The Application establishes that Applicant
has reviewed and

 understands the Rules Regulating Transportation by Motor Vehicle, 4 CCR 723-6,
and agrees to

 operate in accordance with those Rules. The Application, as amended, and its
supporting

 documentation establish that Applicant has or will have sufficient equipment
with which to

 render the proposed service, and that Applicant is financially, operationally,
and managerially fit

 to conduct operations under the authority requested. Finally, the Application,
as amended, and

 its supporting documentation demonstrate that a need exists for the proposed
service. The ALJ

 finds that the Application, as amended, is reasonable and in the public
interest. For the foregoing

 reasons, the Application, as amended, will be granted.

 24. In accordance with § 40-6-109, C.R.S., the ALJ now transmits to the
Commission

 the record in this proceeding and recommends that the Commission enter the
following order.

 III. ORDER

 A. The Commission Orders That:

 1. The Stipulated Motion of Zebib LLC and Tazco, Inc. d/b/a Sunshine Taxi to

 Restrictively Amend the Application and for Conditional Withdrawal of
Intervenor's Intervention

 filed on July 1, 2016, is granted.

 2. The July 1, 2016, motion of Zebib LLC and Tazco, Inc. d/b/a Sunshine Taxi
for

 Waiver of the Response Time to the foregoing Stipulated Motion is denied as
moot.

 3. The Stipulated Motion for Imposition of Restrictive Amendments and
Conditional

 Withdrawal of Intervention, filed by Zebib LLC and City Cab, LLC on July 18,
2016, is granted.

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0723 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0291BP

 8

 4. The Application for a Permit to Operate as a Contract Carrier by Motor
Vehicle

 for Hire filed by Zebib LLC is amended to request authority as restated in
Paragraph I.17 above.

 5. The interventions of Tazco, Inc., doing business as Sunshine Taxi, and City
Cab,

 LLC, are withdrawn.

 6. Tazco, Inc., doing business as Sunshine Taxi, and City Cab, LLC, are
dismissed as

 parties to this proceeding.

 7. The verified Application for a Permit to Operate as a Contract Carrier by
Motor

 Vehicle for Hire filed by Zebib LLC on April 22, 2016, as amended, is granted.

 8. Applicant is granted a Permit to operate as a contract carrier of passengers
by

 motor vehicle for hire, as follows:

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the

 transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties Adams,
Arapahoe,

 Alamosa, Archuleta, Baca, Bent, Boulder, Broomfield, Chaffee, Cheyenne, Clear
Creek,

 Conejos, Costilla, Crowley, Custer, Delta, Denver, Dolores, Douglas, Eagle, El
Paso,

 Elbert, Fremont, Garfield, Gilpin, Grand, Gunnison, Hinsdale, Huerfano,
Jackson,

 Jefferson, Kiowa, Kit Carson, La Plata, Lake, Larimer, Las Animas, Lincoln,
Logan,

 Mineral, Moffat, Montezuma, Montrose, Morgan, Otero, Ouray, Park, Phillips,
Pitkin,

 Prowers, Rio Blanco, Rio Grande, Routt, Saguache, San Juan, San Miguel,
Sedgwick,

 Summit, Teller, Washington, Weld, and Yuma, State of Colorado.

 This application is restricted: (A) to the transportation of passengers who are
recipients

 of Medicaid; and, (B) to providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT) services
for the

 Colorado Department of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570 Grant Street,
Denver,

 Colorado.

 9. Applicant shall operate in accordance with all applicable Colorado laws and

 Commission rules. All operations under the permit granted shall be strictly
contract carrier

 operations.

 10. The authority granted in Ordering Paragraph No. 8 is conditioned upon Zebib


 LLC meeting the following requirements contained in this Order.

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0723 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0291BP

 9

 11. Applicant shall not commence operation until it has complied with the

 requirements of Colorado laws and Commission rules, including without
limitation:

 (a) causing proof of insurance (Form E or self-insurance) or surety bond

 (Form G) coverage to be filed with the Commission, in accordance with

 Rule 6007 (Financial Responsibility), 4 Code of Colorado Regulations

 723-6;

 (b) paying to the Commission, the motor vehicle fee ($35) for each vehicle

 to be operated under authority granted by the Commission, as required by

 Rule 6009, 4 Code of Colorado Regulations 723-6; or in lieu thereof, paid

 the fee for such vehicle(s) pursuant to the Unified Carrier Registration

 Agreement (Rules 6400-6403, 4 Code of Colorado Regulations 723-6);

 (c) having an effective tariff on file with the Commission, in compliance with

 Rule 6207 (Tariffs), 4 Code of Colorado Regulations 723-6. Applicant

 shall file an advice letter and tariff on not less

 than ten days' notice. The advice letter and tariff shall be filed as a

 new Advice Letter proceeding and shall comply with all applicable rules.

 In calculating the proposed effective date, the date received at

 the Commission is not included in the notice period and the entire

 notice period must expire prior to the effective date. (Additional

 tariff information can be found on the Commission's website at

 dora.colorado.gov/puc and by following the transportation and contract

 carrier links to tariffs.);

 (d) submitting an Annual Vehicle Inspection Report for each vehicle to be

 operated under the authority; and,

 (e) paying the applicable issuance fee ($5) required by § 40-10.1-111(1)(a),

 C.R.S.; and

 12. If Applicant does not cause proof of insurance or surety bond to be filed,
pay the

 appropriate motor vehicle fees, file an advice letter and proposed tariff,
submit a vehicle

 inspection, and pay the issuance fee within 60 days of the effective date of
this Decision, then the

 grant of the Permit shall be void. For good cause shown, the Commission may
grant additional

 time for compliance if the request for additional time is filed within 60 days
of the effective date

 of this Decision.

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0723 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0291BP

 10

 13. The Commission will notify Applicant in writing when the Commission's
records

 demonstrate compliance with Ordering Paragraph No. 11.

 14. The right of Applicant to operate shall depend upon Applicant's compliance
with

 all present and future laws and rules of the Commission.

 15. This proceeding is closed.

 16. This Recommended Decision shall be effective on the day it becomes the

 Decision of the Commission, if that is the case, and is entered as of the date
above.

 17. As provided by § 40-6-106, C.R.S., copies of this Recommended Decision
shall

 be served upon the parties, who may file exceptions to it.

 a. If no exceptions are filed within 20 days after service or within any
extended

 period of time authorized, or unless the decision is stayed by the Commission

 upon its own motion, the Recommended Decision shall become the decision of

 the Commission and subject to the provisions of § 40-6-114, C.R.S.

 b. If a party seeks to amend, modify, annul, or reverse basic findings of fact
in its

 exceptions, that party must request and pay for a transcript to be filed, or
the

 parties may stipulate to portions of the transcript according to the procedure
stated

 in § 40-6-113, C.R.S. If no transcript or stipulation is filed, the Commission
is

 bound by the facts set out by the administrative law judge and the parties
cannot

 challenge these facts. This will limit what the Commission can review if

 exceptions are filed.

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0723 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0291BP

 11

 18. If exceptions to this Recommended Decision are filed, they shall not exceed
30

 pages in length, unless the Commission for good cause shown permits this limit
to be exceeded.

 (S E A L)

 ATTEST: A TRUE COPY

 Doug Dean,

 Director

 THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF COLORADO

 STEVEN H. DENMAN

 ________________________________

 Administrative Law Judge



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                           November 22, 2011 Tuesday

Jefferson County Council seeks benefits

BYLINE: Cathy Kingsley

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 471  words


As the Jefferson County Council approves benefit packages for full-time
employees, one council member is looking to secure benefits for part-time
elected officials as well.

Several items were on the agenda for the regular meeting Nov. 14, including
health care, dental insurance, life insurance and other expenditures. But, of
the 20 items listed on the consent agenda, only five were actually voted on and
approved that night, not including the possible council benefits.

Council Chair Renee Reuter said she did not have enough information to vote on
the group life, accidental death and dismemberment insurance for 2012. By
choosing the bid from United Healthcare Specialty Benefits in the amount of
$19,000, the county would benefit from a bundled savings to reduce the employee
medical costs, said contracts and grants manager Vicki Pratt.

Councilman Don Bickowski said the language in the health care bill was unclear.
He had requested a clarification as to whether the policy language included
elected office holders, in addition to employees. Elected officials such as the
county executive and county assessor who work full time do receive benefits.

"I don't think we should be precluded," Bickowski said. "We're the same as every
other officeholder."

Health care benefits for seven council members would cost more than $40,000
annually, said County Assessor Dorothy Stafford.

While attempting to pull the item from the consent agenda, Director of
Administration Steve Stoll said that open enrollment was scheduled for the end
of November and encouraged the council to vote on it that night.

In the end, the council approved the bid to United Healthcare for about $3.5
million.

At the budget meeting on Nov. 16, Bickowski inquired about the LAGERS program,
the Missouri Local Government Employees Retirement System. Currently the county
contributes 13.6 percent of an employee's salary for police, road and bridge
employees. It contributes 12.1 percent of salaries for other employees.

Last year, the county made total contributions of $2.5 million. Bickowski
questioned whether the policy included benefits to elected officials as well.
Beginning next year, council members will be paid an annual salary of $11,000
each.

Charter section 3.4.2.33 only references that the council is required to
establish a pension and retirement plan, including death benefits, for employees
of the county, and the spouses and minor children of deceased employees.

At a special meeting held on Friday night, the council voted to approve the bid
for group life, accidental death and dismemberment insurance for 2012 from
United Healthcare Specialty Benefits in the amount of $19,000.

A bid for dental insurance was awarded to Delta Dental for $290,000, with a 5
percent rate cap that had been awarded in the contract with its subsidiary,
Essex Dental.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             April 23, 2013 Tuesday

Good Neighbors by Faith Barnidge: Reaching out across the country and world to
help

BYLINE: By Faith Barnidge Columnist

SECTION: MY TOWN; Central Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 1381 words


John Muir Medical Center-Concord ER physicians and staff members reached out to
the ER staff at Massachusetts General Hospital in the wake of the recent tragedy
at the Boston Marathon.

The local medical center staff had pizza delivered to the ER at Massachusetts
General, one of a number of hospitals treating the injured. They also faxed
messages of support that were greatly appreciated by the physicians and staff in
Boston.

ER staff members at Mass General responded with a thank you message on Facebook
that read:

"THANK YOU to the ER staff at John Muir Medical Center-Concord, CA for buying
pizza for our whole Emergency Department at MGH in Boston and for faxing over
this awesome card!!!!! You all are amazing!!! American Pride!!!!!!"

A big thank you to all the heroic first responders and the medical personnel!

In other John Muir Medical Center news, Concord and Walnut Creek volunteers were
feted at two luncheons this week -- a special Volunteer Week appreciation event
and the annual Spring Fashion Show, featuring lovely fashions from the gift
shop.

Both events were visited by volunteers (human and furry) through the partnership
with Tony La Russa's Animal Rescue Foundation, based in Walnut Creek.

Events are also held for volunteers at the Brentwood and Tice Valley/Rossmoor
facilities, and all volunteers receive a special gift.

Roxanne Foster, director of Volunteer Services for John Muir Health said, "John
Muir Health holds all of the volunteers in all of its programs in great esteem."

Helping hands

The LN-4 Foundation recently received a $20,000 grant from the Million Dollar
Round Table Foundation during a Rotary Club of Pleasant Hill meeting to continue
the ongoing mission of providing prosthetic hands to people in need worldwide.

The LN-4 hand was invented by Ernie Meadows and his wife Marjorie -- named after
their daughter, Ellen, who died in an auto accident more than 30 years ago.
After reading about land mine victims and wanting to find a way to produce an
inexpensive prosthetic hand, in 2005, Ernie approached Michael Mendonca, a
member of the Pleasant Hill Rotary Club and co-owner of an injection molding
company, about the project, which he and his partner decided to take on.

More than 12,000 free hands have been distributed in 67 countries since that
time.

"The LN-4 project is a result of the Rotary Clubs in Northern California,
District 5160 and Ashland, Ore. If it were not for these two areas, the LN-4
Project would not exist today," said Mendonca, LN-4 Foundation president.

The grant will help fund the production of a larger hand. Rotary member Faye
Donaghu explained that the original hand is smaller than an adult hand, yet had
been adapted for adults.

The LN-4 Foundation is ready to start making and distributing a larger hand, one
more suitable for an adult, now possible thanks to this generous grant from the
Million Dollar Round Table Foundation. Read more about the project
atwww.LN-4.org .

Lioness support

The Lioness Club of Martinez held its Spring Garden Luncheon and Fashion Show
earlier this month, which provided funds for continuing philanthropic activities
in the community. The club has been active since 1951, and continues its mission
of assistance through a hospital equipment lending program and preschool vision
screening.

Chairwoman for this year's event was Gail Duhame, with Marie Caccavo serving as
the model coordinator. Harriett Burt presided over the raffle, and Donna DiBetta
was in charge of kitchen assistants. Gay Gerlack spearheaded publicity, and
fashions were provided by Coldwater Creek of Walnut Creek. The lunch was catered
by Wilma Lott Catering of Martinez.

alt.art.wine fundraiser

Student art will be on display and up for bid at alt.art.wine from 2 to 5 p.m.
Sunday, April 28, when the Mt. Diablo Alternative Education Foundation hosts its
second annual art and wine-tasting festival in the Lakeside Room at Heather Farm
Park, at North San Carlos Drive and Ygnacio Valley Road in Walnut Creek. The
event highlights the creativity of students who attend alternative education
high schools in the Mt. Diablo school district.

The Dan Peckham Jazz All Stars will provide background music as guests sample
offerings from a local winery, enjoy snacks, and participate in a silent auction
for artwork, prizes and activities. Admission is $25 per person. Tickets may be
purchased in advance by calling 925-352-9842 or at the door on the day of the
event.

alt.art.wine is MDAEF's primary fundraiser to support students and staff in
alternative education schools and programs. Founded in 2006 by a small group of
volunteers with experience in alternative education, MDAEF has distributed
nearly $100,000 in scholarships to graduating seniors, in mini grants for
teacher projects, and in response to particular school needs.

Hiring heroes job fair

A job fair and two workshops for veteran job seekers, active duty military
members, guard and reserve members, and military spouses will be held from 9
a.m. to 1 p.m. Tuesday, April 30, at the Walnut Creek Marriott, 2355 N. Main St.
The free event will be a hiring fair for both employers and job seekers,
sponsored by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation.

Two workshops will be offered focusing on resume writing, tips for successfully
navigating hiring fairs, military skill translation, and interviewing at 9 and
11 a.m.

Through 388 job fairs in 50 states, some 18,400 veterans and military spouses
have landed jobs since 2012.

Go towww.mentorheroes.org to mentor veterans and military spouses.
Visitwww.uschamber.com/hiringourheroes/veac to learn more or
emailhiringourheroes@uschamber.com for more information.

On Mount Diablo

"Mount Diablo: Visions & Vistas" in an exhibit of original photography and
artwork featuring Mount Diablo, and its wildlife and plants, in panoramic and
close-up photos and paintings by local photographers and artists. The exhibit
will run from April 25-Sept. 2, at the Lindsay Wildlife Museum, 1931 First Ave.
in Walnut Creek.

All visitors are welcome to attend the exhibit's free, opening reception from
5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Friday, April 26. Entry that evening will be to the exhibit
only; the rest of the museum will not be open. Throughout the remainder of the
run, entry to the exhibit is free with regular admission to the museum.

Apply now for grant

The Pleasant Hill Community Foundation is accepting applications from public and
nonprofit organizations in Pleasant Hill for foundation grants. The deadline is
before April 30.

Any recreational, cultural or educational program that serves the residents of
Pleasant Hill may apply. Grants allocation chairwoman Adrianne Roe, says, "The
foundation is again very proud to be able to provide this opportunity to
organizations in our community that enrich the lives of the residents of
Pleasant Hill through cultural, educational and recreational activities."

Applications may be downloaded from the foundation's website
atwww.PHCommunityFoundation.org where prior community grant recipients are also
listed.

Education scholarship

Applications for the 2013 Jessie Falconer Tuition Grants -- ranging from $500 to
$2,000 -- must be received by May 15.

The grants, from the Zeta Zeta Chapter of Delta Kappa Gamma Society
International, are intended for students in the field of education, including
any teacher working to further his/her degrees or credentials, says Joe Anne
Doyle, scholarship chairman.

The grants, to be awarded in September, are given on the basis of academic
achievement, community service, leadership, and extent of financial need. An
applicant must be a U.S. citizen or legal resident, and a resident of Contra
Costa County.

The application form is available
atwww.dkg-zetazeta.org/DKGTuitionGrantApplication.pdf or by contacting Joe Anne
Doyle at 925-837-5406.

Delta Kappa Gamma is an honorary association of more than 90,000 women educators
in 18 countries with a mission to promote personal and professional growth and
to support excellence in education.

Zeta Zeta Chapter, one of 175 chapters in California, is comprised of East Bay
active and retired educators who also volunteer in community activities.

"Good Neighbors" is compiled by Faith Barnidge. Send club and organization news,
Scouting items, notices of awards and other submissions
togoodneighbors@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The sign says it all -- the connection between the ER department at
John Muir Medical Center-Concord, who sent their thoughts, prayers, best wishes
and pizza, to the ER staff at Massachussetts General Hospital for their hard
work and dedication in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings. The Mass
General staff responded with a thank you posting on their Facebook page.
Michael Mendonca, left, president of the LN-4 Foundation, accepts a $20,000
grant from Ivar Jones of the Million Dollar Round Table Foundation, to continue
its efforts to provide prosthetic hands to people around the world. The
presentation was made at a recent Pleasant Hill Rotary Club meeting. Jessica
Souder, who works with Odyssey Teams, wrote the grant request for their partner,
LN-4, in their Helping Hands Program. (Courtesy of Connie Anderson)
The Martinez Lioness Luncheon and Fashion Show, held earlier this month,
provided funds for continuing philanthropic activities in the community. Models
included Marie Caccavo, model coordinator, front; and from left, Gay Gerlack,
Barbara Sharman, Holle Hoppe-Meininger, Jeanne Hilson, Terri Stormer, Norma
Della Rosa, Elise Shrader, Jennifer Liu, from Coldwater Creek; Merry Pontar and
Karen Griffiths.
Neil Stratton, a retired Walnut Creek police captain who founded Kops for Kids,
holds student art he received as recipient of the ìDick Allen Awardî for
volunteer service to alternative education students and schools. The Mt. Diablo
Alternative Education Foundation alt.art.wine fundraiser with student art up for
bid, is slated Sunday, April 28.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                          February 22, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

The North gets ready for time in the sun: Sky's the limit for homegrown arctic
services and supplies companies that have had three decades to plan, invest,
hope

BYLINE: Gordon Jaremko, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: ALBERTA OIL & GAS REPORT; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 1424  words

DATELINE: INUVIK


INUVIK - A budding, homegrown arctic supplies and services industry awaits
approval of the $7-billion Mackenzie Gas Project.

Being built is a Mackenzie Delta counterpart to the entrepreneurial culture of
the mammoth natural gas development's Alberta breeding ground.

"We have to be competitive," Inuvialuit Regional Corp. chairperson Nellie
Cournoyea said this winter as the National Energy Board and parallel
environmental Joint Review Panel opened a scheduled year of northern pipeline
hearings in 26 communities.

"Money doesn't grow on trees," said Fred Carmichael, president of the Gwich'in
Tribal Council and chairman of the Aboriginal Pipeline Group which owns 30 per
cent of the proposed 1,200-km gas connection to Alberta.

A former Northwest Territories premier, Cournoyea, who negotiated the 1984 land
claim settlement that created her Inuvialuit community-owned corporation, has
vivid memories of the arctic energy boom in the 1970s and early-80s.

"It was a really extreme situation last time. The government was pumping money
in," with lavish frontier drilling tax incentives and grants for corporate
spending sprees on the Mackenzie Delta, offshore in the Beaufort Sea and on the
remote Arctic Islands. "It's not going to be the same thing this time. Companies
are paying their own way. Government is not subsidizing them," Cournoyea said.

Likewise, Gwich'in Development Corp. has no illusions that this arctic gas
industry means easy money.

"They're hard-nosed," Carmichael said after five years of rubbing shoulders in
the pipeline partnership with Mackenzie project sponsors Imperial Oil, Shell
Canada, ConocoPhillips Canada and ExxonMobil Canada.

"They're business people. They've learned a lot and they're willing to work with
aboriginal people. But you can't expect the oilpatch just to hand you
everything."

With expert help, the northern community corporations became mini-conglomerates
running diversified operations in fields bound to see growth if the gas
megaproject is built.

The pattern saw veteran non-native professionals recruited to fill founding
roles in management, accounting, technology development and training.

Business hired guns, still frequently encountered in Inuvik head offices, hold
their jobs on three conditions. They set examples of businesslike, profitable
conduct. They never speak publicly for their aboriginal employers. They work
themselves out of their positions by training native successors.

Conservation of cash from land claim settlements is a cornerstone of aboriginal
economic policy. Rather than spend the payments, the communities saved them as
capital for income.

A $270-million Inuvialuit fund outperforms market averages for comparable
investment vehicles under a management committee that takes advice from four
Toronto financial firms.

Dividends are paid to community members but total annual distributions are
limited to 15 per cent of earnings.

A Gwich'in fund, currently about $125 million and still owed $14 million in land
claim installments, also posts high performance with blue-chip help.

Fund earnings support growing business networks.

Inuvialuit Development Corp. has about 20 subsidiaries and joint ventures in
transportation, gas field services, construction, manufacturing, specialized
arctic operations, real estate, property management, environmental services,
tourism and hospitality.

FINANCIAL EMPIRE

The empire has an Inuvialuit Heritage Fund and a trust accounts network.

Inuvialuit Petroleum Corp. participates in exploration, development and
distribution, including Inuvik Gas Project, an arctic utility partnership with
Alberta's Enbridge Inc. and AltaGas Services that drills for and produces
home-heating fuel on the delta.

Gwich'in Development Corp. has Mackenzie Aboriginal Corp. and Mackenzie Valley
Construction Ltd. in majority-owned pipeline and civil construction alliances
with prominent Alberta firms Flint Energy Services and Ledcor Industries. Aadrii
Ltd. operates heating services. Gwich'in Ensign Oilfield Services Inc. is a
partnership with Alberta's Ensign Energy Services in drilling and well
servicing. Camp MGK Ltd. provides work camps and catering. Larga Ltd. turns a
profit on Edmonton accommodation for northern health care patients. Inuvik
Capital Suites provides traveller accommodation up to Edmonton standards.

"We've had 30 years to get ready," Carmichael said of the time since former
Thomas Berger's 1970s Mackenzie Valley Pipeline Inquiry stopped the project's
first incarnation to give northern residents time to prepare for industry.

The aboriginal corporations are the core of an industry-in-waiting that includes
large private business groups owned by northern natives.

Mackenzie Delta Integrated Oilfield Services, for instance, is a network of
partnerships between E. Gruben's Transport Ltd., a trucking firm owned by a
prominent Tuktoyaktuk family, and 14 pillars of the Alberta and international
gas industries. Business lines run from cranes and rig equipment to marine
exploration services.

ENTREPRENEURIAL CULTURE

Arctic entrepreneurial culture has roots in hard northern realities, said Frank
Hansen.

"It was a boom-'n'-bust life," recalled the 61-year-old chairman of Inuvialuit
Investment Corp. and founder of the Kavik Group of five private firms in
engineering, industrial environmental consulting, emergency medical services,
business administration and gas field technology.

"There were wildlife cycles. The price of fur went up and down. It depended on a
world market. Weather was a big factor too. In a bad spring you couldn't travel,
the wildlife was affected, and your take went way down."

Hansen recalled that although he liked going out by dog team and canoe, he heard
another call.

"I knew people who had good jobs ... and a lot better and easier life."

As a University of Alberta graduate, his jobs included Inuvik resident engineer
for the 1970s first version of the northern pipeline, Canadian Arctic Gas.

After 23 years as Imperial Oil agent in charge of an Inuvik Esso bulk fuel
plant, Hansen launched Kavik Group when the northern natural gas plans
re-emerged in the late 1990s.

While awaiting approval of the megaproject, his firms run lean. But once
construction starts on the northern production system and pipeline, Kavik is set
up to reach for big jobs fast.

All the arms of Hansen's business group are partnerships with industry leaders
such as Jacques Whitford in environmental engineering and Baker Hughes in gas
field technology.

"The fact the (northern pipeline) hearings have started is pretty positive. It's
going to go now -- that's my feeling," said Hansen.

The gas project's land access and benefits agreements with native societies were
crafted both to help them land work and to foster competitive local markets for
supplies and labour.

Details are confidential because all concerned regard the deals as private. But
all follow standard principles, project spokesman Pius Rolheiser said.

"All other things being equal, our intention will be to prefer to choose local
and regional contractors," he said.

There are no guarantees that arctic firms will get even a minimum share of the
work. But the project agreed to avoid making its contracts too large for
northern firms to tackle, he said.

The amount of activity the project will fuel is disputed in the hearings.

The project sponsors officially confirm only that they have enough natural gas
in three 1970s Mackenzie Delta discoveries to justify the proposed $4.8-billion
valley pipeline and $2.2 billion in initial production facilities.

But industry optimists, in companies outside the project ownership group that
plan to break into northern development, predict the 1,200-km pipeline will lead
to 36 trillion cubic feet of gas.

That would be a energy equivalent to six billion barrels of oil, rivalling the
known gas reserves of Alberta and Alaska.

Canada's arctic gas prize could be as large as 56 trillion cubic feet and
support a pipeline with nearly twice the delivery capacity of the current
proposal, according to an expert study entered into evidence before the NEB.

Environmental critics suggest northern industrialists are right to believe the
Mackenzie project will create lasting needs for their services and products.

Up to 60,600 kilometres of seismic exploration lines, 684 new wells and 3,800
kilometres of gas-field pipelines will be required over a
38,000-square-kilometre area to keep the Mackenzie Valley line full for its
first 20 years in operation, estimates a study done for the Canadian Arctic
Resources Committee.

gjaremko@thejournal.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: David Watt, Special to The Journal, File; The old Arctic mixes
with the new as a dogsled team glides past an Akita Drilling rig on the
Mackenzie Delta; Graphic/Diagram: Journal Stock / The proposed Mackenzie Gas
Project pipeline could lead to the discovery of 56 trillion cubic feet of
natural gas, enriching arctic communities in the process.;
Colour Photo: Journal Stock; Cournoyea.;
Colour Photo: Journal Stock; Frank Hansen, chairman of the Inuvialuit Investment
Corp.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            November 9, 2007 Friday

HEALTH HAPPENINGS

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 1364 words



     ·    Home Chore Registry Program: East County -- A program for seniors who
          need to hire someone to help with day-to-day tasks. For information
          about this program in East County call 925-439-1202.


United Healthcare Children's Foundation -- California parents with children in
need of medical services or equipment not fully covered by health insurance can
apply for a grant up to $5,000. For information:  http://www.uhccf.org .

Miracles on Wheels power wheelchairs -- No-cost electric power wheelchairs to
non-ambulatory senior citizens, 65 years-and older, and the permanently disabled
of any age. For information and qualifications: 1-800-749-8778,
http://www.jaspanmedical.com .

Wishes on Wheels power wheelchairs -- No cost power wheelchairs for
nonambulatory senior citizens ages 65 and older, and persons of any age with
permanent disabilities. For information and qualification: 1-800-823-5220,
http://www.threewishes2.com .


     ·    John Muir Mobile Health Clinic -- Operates the first four Saturdays of
          the month at 633 Village Drive, Brentwood. Provides free preventative
          and urgent medical care for those who are uninsured or unable to pay
          for care. For a schedule of dates and times, call 925-313-6250.


FLU SHOTS

Sutter Visiting Nurses Association (VNA) & Hospice offer the following flu shot
clinics: Noon-2 p.m. Nov. 19, Sutter Delta Medical Center, 3901 Lone Tree Way;
10 a.m.-noon Oct. 27, Grocery Outlet, 1818 A St.; 9 a.m.-noon Oct. 28, St.
Ignatius Church, 3351 Contra Costa Blvd. Seniors 65 years and older with
Medicare Part B may qualify for a free shot. Pneumonia shots will also be
available for $35 each. For information, call 800-500-2400 or visit
http://www.suttervna.org/services/services_flushot.html .

BLOOD DRIVES

American Red Cross Blood Drives -- 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com to
schedule appointment.

Nov. 23: Noon-5 p.m. Bloodmobile in the parking lot of Regal Cinemas, Deer
Valley, 4200 Lone Tree Way, Antioch.

SUTTER DELTA


     ·    Sutter Delta Medical Center offers the following health events, 3901
          Lone Tree Way, Antioch:


Women's Health Center Tours: 1:30 or 7:30 p.m. first and third Mondays monthly.
925-779-7230.

"Calling It Quits": Smoking Cessation, Do you want to kick the habit of smoking?
Classes are scheduled as needed. For information, call 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Lactation Services, The Women's Health Center has lactation consultants with
services available for outpatient appointments. 925-779-7200, Ext. 4206,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Ready, Set, Deliver: 6-8:30 p.m. Nov. 14, 28 and Dec. 5. Prepares the mother and
support person for labor and delivery and the postpartum period. Community
Education Room. $75 per couple. Registration: 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Diabetic Education Series: 1-2:30 p.m. Nov. 26, Dec. 3, 10, and 17. Understand
diabetes and how to control it through counseling, education and the support of
others. Edna Fallman Center. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

ABCs of Congestive Heart Failure: 10 a.m.-noon Dec. 5 and 12. A two-day class to
learn some tricks of the trade for coping with this manageable condition. Edna
Fallman Center. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Quarterly Diabetes Workshop: Protecting Against Heart Disease: 6-7:30 p.m. Dec.
6 and 12:30-2 p.m. Dec. 7. Come and meet others who share the same frustrations
and victories as you. A cardiologist will be available to answer your questions.
Community Education Room. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Advance Health Care Directive: 10-11:30 a.m. Dec. 10. Allows you to appoint
someone to speak on your behalf in the event of an emergency or if you are too
ill to make your wishes known. Edna Fallman Center. Free. Registration:
925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Little Helper: 6:30-7:30 p.m. Nov. 14 and Dec. 12. Helps children ages 3 to 8
prepare for a new baby in the family. Women's Health Center. $10 per family.
Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Get Tough On Angina: 1-3 p.m. Dec. 14. Get a better understanding of angina: the
cause, diagnosis and treatment of this disease. Edna Fallman Center. Free.
Registration: 925-779-3570,  http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Cardiac Risk Factors: 6-8 p.m. Dec. 19. Many have factors that put them at risk
of high blood pressure, heart attack and strokes. Find out how to change those
risk factors. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

CPR for Family and Friends: 5-8 p.m. Dec. 19. Teaches recognition and emergency
resuscitation techniques for laypersons who want to learn rescue skills for a
loved one. This is not a certification class. Edna Fallman Center. $10 per
person. Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

JOHN MUIR SENIOR SERVICES


     ·    John Muir Medical Center offers the following senior services at
          various locations:


Memory Screening, Morning and afternoon appointments available Nov. 13 and 15;
Dec. 18-19. Take advantage of a seven minute screening that will provide you
with information to discuss with your physician. John Muir Out Patient Center,
2400 Balfour Road, Brentwood. Free. Reservations: 925-947-3300.

Understanding Your Part D Prescription Drug Option, 2-3:30 p.m. Nov. 14.
Representatives from two plans will talk about enrollment or changes in Part D
Prescription Drug Option plan. John Muir Outpatient Center, 2400 Balfour Road,
Brentwood. Free. Reservations: 925-947-3300.

Managing Insomnia, 9:30-11 a.m. Nov. 16. Learn simple techniques to help you
successfully conquer sleep difficulties. John Muir Women's Health Center, 1656
N. California Blvd., Walnut Creek. Free. Registration: 925-674-2586.

JOHN MUIR, BRENTWOOD


     ·    John Muir Outpatient Center, Brentwood offers the following health
          events and services, 2400 Balfour Road, Brentwood:


Osteoporosis Screening, Low-dose screening, hip and spine bone densitometry
exams are available. Physician referral is required. For information, call
925-308-8123.

Babies in Brentwood, Support For New Parents: 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Mondays.
Interact with other new parents and babies age newborn to 6 months. Get
information, support and have fun. No registration required. 925-941-7900.

New Parent Group, 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Lactation: First and third Mondays
facilitated by a board-certified lactation consultant. Other Mondays will be
focused topics and open discussion on various parenting issues. Registration:
925-941-7900, option 3, http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

WOMEN'S HEALTH CENTER


     ·    John Muir Women's Health Center offers the following health events,
          1656 N. California Blvd., Walnut Creek.


The Wig Source, John Muir Medical Center Auxiliary provides free wigs to women
and children suffering hair loss due to medical treatment, such as chemotherapy
for cancer. This service is provided regardless of where treatment is being
received. Wig fitting appointments are available at the John Muir Women's Health
Center. 925-947-5328,

Breast in the Best, 10 a.m.-noon Wednesdays. This weekly drop-in class is for
breast-feeding mothers to come for basic education about general feeding,
supplementing, pumping and storing. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Osteoporosis Exercise, 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. For anyone who has been
diagnosed with osteoporosis. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Post Partum Depression/Anxiety Group: Get help with excessive worries about
yourself or your baby. Call 510-273-9548 for date, times and registration.

First Mondays for Women, Connect with other women on the first Monday of each
month and make new friends. Guest speakers, professional and personal support.
$10 per evening. Times and registration: 925-941-7900.

Yoga for Women, Noon-1 p.m. Tuesdays or 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. $70 for one
month. Registration: 925-942-7900, wwwjohnmuirhealth.com.

THE WELLNESS COMMUNITY


     ·    Offers the following health events, 3276 McNutt Avenue, Walnut Creek


Return to wellness, 4-6 p.m. Through Nov. 21. A program that helps women recover
from emotional and physical effects of breast cancer treatment. Group support is
combined with exercise and nutrition. Free. Registration: 925-933-0107.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             August 3, 2007 Friday

Albany waterfront planning process

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Contra Costa; Western Contra Costa; My Town

LENGTH: 1260 words


Please join our community Saturday in establishing the Albany waterfront
planning process. Expand the vision of our city leaders with your ideas.

The waterfront is a tremendous asset to all in Albany and our region. We can
meet a great need for more park and open space and other amenities to improve
our quality of life.

The planning process should include public education on issues of waterfront
history, geography, land uses, private property rights and other applicable
land-use laws, costs to acquire, develop and operate the land into parks. It
should include an evaluation of sources of funding (federal, state, local taxes
and grants), potential sources of costs and revenues to Albany, a realistic
evaluation of real estate development projects and the status of Golden Gate
Fields, and a responsible, professional assessment of the city's financial
condition.

The process should be inclusive of a wide range of local and regional needs, and
should assess their relative importance to the residents of Albany. The process
must be transparent, with all meetings public, no closed meetings, and all
meetings and contacts reported in writing to the public.

The Albany waterfront plan is ours if we attend the meetings starting Saturday,
from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the Albany Community Center on Marin Avenue. What are
your thoughts? See you there.

Allan Maris

Albany

Measure G necessary

I disagree with a majority of the West Contra Costa school board on many
important issues. However, the Measure G parcel tax is critical to continue with
smaller K-3 classes, library and counseling services, basic custodial
maintenance, and enhanced core subjects.

The school district made statewide news a few years ago when it was the first to
eliminate sports and libraries.

Let's not make those headlines again. Vote to continue the parcel tax. Vote
"yes" on Measure G.

Karen Shebek

Kensington

BART noise

OK, I am now convinced that it is not just I. I have talked to all of my
neighbors and to other residents of our city, and the consensus is definitive:
BART has gotten louder passing through Albany.

A lot louder. Earache louder. Drown out the television, the telephone and one's
own thought processes louder.

I have lived one block from the BART tracks, on the second floor, for about 20
years, and I know what BART sounds like. I know what it sounds like in the
winter, and I know what it sounds like in the summer, when we tend to have more
windows open: It has never been this loud.

When a Richmond-bound train goes by my place, it sounds more like a jet plane
taking off. I don't know if the rails need grinding or whether it is
speed-related, but something has to be done.

A neighbor did call the BART offices to inquire, and they responded that they
have not done anything differently as far as train operations are concerned. We
are incredulous.

This is a quality-of-life issue, and ours goes down proportionately to the
decibels generated every time a BART train passes. Can anything be done about
this?

David Arroyo

Albany

Cut water subsidies

The Peripheral Canal part of Gov. Schwarzenegger's plan is the wrong answer.

It would divert water to the south that is needed to refresh the ailing Delta
and to foster smelt survival.

Eighty percent of our water is used for agriculture at subsidized low rates,
providing little incentive to reduce water usage.

Water-thirsty crops such as rice, cotton and alfalfa should never be grown in
the Central Valley but should be replaced by profitable crops requiring less
water.

It will be politically very difficult to cancel Central Valley Project water
contracts and replace them with sensible contracts. Large corporate landowners
will vigorously oppose it. But it will be worth the fight!

Hugh L. Kelley

Kensington

Time for health care reform

I would like to see universal health care of all Americans.

I have a sick father who is part of the veterans' health care system, in which
he receives poor health care.

I have an aunt with a rare condition, and she can't get all the services she
needs because Medicare doesn't cover it. She can't afford to pay out of pocket.

It is time for reform!

Heather Hernandez

El Cerrito

Outrageous offer

School board member Charles Ramsey's recent outburst concerns me. I agree with
other letter writers that his behavior was disrespectful and inappropriate.

What also concerns me is his assumption that teachers will strike this fall,
giving the impression he has left the bargaining table and is unwilling to work
toward resolution.

In June, 92.6 percent of the West Contra Costa school district teachers voted in
favor of a strike, me included.

I voted this way because the state, recognizing that the cost of food, gasoline,
etc., is going up, gave the school district a 7.94 percent budget increase in
unrestricted revenue. Yet, our district is only offering 3 percent to its
teachers -- those who work directly with students. This is outrageous.

Teachers are the heart of education. We work very hard to meet our students'
needs. Many teachers are retiring, and we must attract new teachers to take
their place.

It is critical that the school district superintendent, school board members and
teachers work together to avoid a strike.

Sarah Creeley

Hercules

Responsibility

Wait a minute! Blame the mother. The mother should have been in the Great
America wave pool with her child.

Mother and child in the pool -- mother and child out of the pool.

What was the mother doing while her child was drowning? Did she transfer her
responsibility to an 8-year-old?

L. Mary Gaskin

Albany

Reasons for impeachment hearings

House Speaker Pelosi has said investigations into some of George W. Bush's
actions could generate reasons to reconsider impeachment proceedings against
him, but she did not think the Democrats would be likely to pursue such a
course.

She and the House Democrats should reconsider their position. Impeachment is
certainly a time- and energy-consuming activity that necessarily distracts some
attention from other important governmental activities. Furthermore, the
Democrats would like to have a vulnerable administration to criticize in the
2008 elections.

These, and in particular the latter, are not valid reasons for avoiding
impeachment hearings. Indeed, two guests on Bill Moyer's Journal recently argued
that our representatives actually have an obligation to begin hearings.

John Nichols and Bruce Fein, both close observers of presidential powers, but of
very different political persuasions, took the position that it is important for
hearings relative to impeachment of both the president and vice president Cheney
to be begun soon.

Although there is no doubt President Bush has made disastrous mistakes, misled
the people and probably has broken laws, all commonly discussed at present, the
point stressed by Fein and Nichols was that the most serious acts have to do
with arrogance of power and distortion of the balance within government.

Bush and Cheney have abused the power of their offices to an extent that is
unique in our history, and the precedents for their dictatorial procedures will
be passed on to the next administration, no matter who it is.

The consequences of such imbalances would be serious, negative, and with us for
a long time. Our system is based on a proper balance among the branches of
government; this is critical to the stability of our government. Hence,
impeachment proceedings should be regarded not as a process to be avoided if
possible, but as a necessary and critical mechanism to make needed corrections
to the course of the ship of state.

Robert MacDonald

El Cerrito

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 11, 2013 Monday
                                 Every Edition

SECTION: Pg. A16

LENGTH: 1051 words


Capital Business has partnered with the nonprofit Sunlight Foundation to bring
you a snapshot of the new clients signed by lobbying firms, based on federal
registration data.


Lobbyist           Client             Issues
Sidley, Austin et  Marathon Asset     Government sponsored enterprises
al.                Management         reform.
Society for        Society for        Sustainable growth rate malpractice
Cardiac            Cardiac            reform.
Angiography and    Angiography and
Interventions      Interventions
Sonnenschein, Nath Alaska Bering Sea  Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation
& Rosenthal        Crabbers           and Management Act reauthorization;
                                      seafood certification; Pirate Fishing
                                      Elimination Act; and the
                                      International Fisheries Stewardship
                                      and Enforcement Act.
Sonnenschein, Nath Time Warner Cable  Retransmission consent, privacy and
& Rosenthal                           broadband deployment.
Sonnenschein, Nath Delta Dental Plans Implementation of the Affordable Care
& Rosenthal        Association        Act.
Sprint             Sprint             Communications services.
Squire, Sanders &  J.C. Penney        Trans-Pacific Partnership trade
Dempsey                               agreement.
Steptoe & Johnson  The Internet       Patent reform and copyright.
                   Association
Steptoe & Johnson  Memorial Institute Agency funding.
                   for the Prevention
                   of Terrorism
Strategic          Fibrtec            Defense Department research and
Marketing                             development funding.
Innovations
Strategic          Fibrtec            Defense Department research and
Marketing                             development funding.
Innovations
Stuntz, Davis &    Sprint             Spectrum auction.
Staffier
Tauzin Consultants PillGuard          Building awareness of and support for
                   Medication         the PillGuard Medication Delivery
                   Delivery Systems   System.
Tauzin Strategic   Tauzin Consultants Billing codes and wound therapy.
Networks           for Cure Care
Terrell Public     Isaac Daniel Group Biometric Exit Improvement Act of
Affairs            Management         2013; Border Security Results Act;
                   International      Agricultural Guest Worker Act; and
                                      the Comprehensive Immigration Reform
                                      Act.
Texas A&M          Texas A&M          Appropriations.
University         University
TG&C Group         Superior Vision    Inclusion of non-insurance direct pay
                                      programs in Federal Employee Dental
                                      and Vision Insurance Program.
TG&C Group         Careington         Inclusion of non-insurance direct pay
                   International      programs in Federal Employee Dental
                   Corp.              and Vision Insurance Program.
Third Party        Third Party        Third-party payment processors'
Payment Processors Payment Processors ability to do business with lawfully
Association        Association        operating merchants.
Thompson Advisory  Constock Loudon    Transportation and development.
Group              Station
Thompson Coburn    Ranken Jordan      Funding for pediatric care.
                   Pediatric Center
Tiber Creek        Cheyenne River     Native American housing funding and
Associates of      Housing Authority  programs.
Capitol Hill
Tonio Burgos &     Sims Hugo Neu      Responsible Electronic Recycling Act.
Associates of New  Corp.
Jersey
Tonio, Burgos &    Broadway 4D        EB-5 grants.
Associates         Theater New York
Townsend Public    City of Turlock,   Safety and public transportation.
Affairs            Calif.
Townsend Public    City of Laguna     Strategic funding, project funding
Affairs            Beach, Calif.      and grant applications.
Trammell & Co.     Verizon            Telecommunications policy.
                   Communications
TwinLogic          McGovern and       Patent law.
Strategies         Associates
Van Heuvelen       Hubbard            Communication, broadcasting and
Strategies         Broadcasting       television.
Van Heuvelen       Kenneth R.         Internal Revenue Service's
Strategies         Boiarsky           whistleblower and disclosure policy.
Van Ness Feldman   American Coalition Coal-fired power plants.
                   for Clean Coal
                   Electricity
Van Scoyoc         Spectrum Group     Cyber and security engineering
Associates                            policy.
Van Scoyoc         GeoDigital         Climate change and environment.
Associates         International
                   Corp.
Vectis Strategies  Elsinore Valley    Septic tank conversion and water
                   Municipal Water    recycling.
                   District
Venable            Haile Gold Mine    Permitting for gold mine in South
                                      Carolina.
Venable            LaFarge North      Proposed expanded boundaries of the
                   America            Thunder Bay National Marine
                                      Sanctuary.
Venn Strategies    Burns & McDonnell  Federal investment in the energy
                   Engineering Co.    sector; federal investment in large
                                      infrastructure programs; and S
                                      corporation employee stock ownership
                                      plans.
Virtual Operations Conafay Group for  Comparative oncology.
                   Colorado State
                   University
Washington         Council of Parent  Education and civil rights.
Partners           Attorneys and
                   Advocates
Washington         National Center    Education.
Partners           for Learning
                   Disabilities
Washington         University         Health care.
Strategic          Hospital
Consulting
Washington Tax     AMT Coalition      Corporate alternative minimum tax.
Group
Washington         Vickers & Nolan    Applications of technologies
Technology         Enterprises        currently employed by military for
Strategies                            law enforcement and intelligence
                                      uses.
Washington         American Prison    Federal support and validation of
Technology         Data Systems       technology suite designed for
Strategies                            prisons.
Washington2        Altria Client      Consumer products and taxes.
Advocates          Services
Washington2        Boeing Co.         Aerospace.
Advocates
Western Hemisphere MM Law             Enhanced protections for victims of
Strategies                            international terrorism.
Wexler & Walker    ViaCord            Family Cord Blood Banking Act.
Public Policy
Associates
Wexler & Walker    Software           Postal reform and exigent rate
Public Policy      Information        increase.
Associates         Industry
                   Association
Wexler & Walker    Clearing House     Payments; cybersecurity; patent
Public Policy      Association        reform; and bankruptcy reform.
Associates
Whitmer & Worrall  PPG Industries     Chemical safety, corporate tax reform
                                      and appropriations funding.
Whitmer & Worrall  National           Surface transportation bill.
                   Transportation
                   Coalition
Wiley Rein         Rebar Trade Action Dumped and subsidized imports.
                   Coalition
Wiley Rein         PacifiCorp         Settlement of Klamath Hydroelectric
                                      licensing disputes.
WilmerHale         National           Antitrust and performance rights.
                   Association of
                   Broadcasters
WilmerHale         Philips Healthcare Reclassification petition for
                                      automated external defibrillator
                                      systems.
WilmerHale         Verizon            Telecommunications.
                   Communications
WilmerHale         Coalition for      Patents.
                   Patent Fairness
Winning Strategies ZoomEssence        Food science and energy content of
Washington                            food.
Winning Strategies Intelliject        Pharmaceutical drug development.
Washington
Winston & Strawn   Liberty Maritime   Environment; Clean Air Act; piracy;
                                      maritime environmental compliance;
                                      maritime security; cargo preference
                                      laws; sustainment of Food for Peace
                                      Program; food aid programs; and Ex-Im
                                      Bank reauthorization.
Yorktown Group     Access to Courts   Legal reform.
                   Initiative
Yorktown Group     Access to Courth   Legal reform.
                   Initiative
Ziontz, Chestnut   Ziontz, Chestnut   N/A
et al.             et al.
Ziontz, Chestnut   Fallon             N/A
et al.             Paiute-Shoshone
                   Tribe

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             January 7, 2005 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FUNERAL NOTICES

SECTION: CLASSIFIED; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 1541 words


MARIE LOUISE CAMPBELL

Marie Louise Campbell, 89, of Meadow Lakes passed away on Tuesday (1/4/2005) in
Meadow Lakes Health Care Center in East Windsor Township, NJ. Born in Toledo,
OH, Mrs. Campbell was a resident of Lake Park, FL for many years before moving
to Meadow Lakes three years ago. Mrs. Campbell was a member of the Friends of
the Lake Park Public Library, Lake Park Public Library Volunteers, and the Palm
Beach Diocesan Council of Catholic Women. She was Past President of the Noreen
McKeen Retirement Residence Auxiliary Volunteers in West Palm Beach, FL.

She is survived by her husband, Carl L. Campbell of Meadow Lakes, Hightstown,
NJ; her children, Steven and Susan Campbell of Woodstock, GA, Carl and Cynthia
Campbell of West Windsor, NJ, Christine and John McCuen of Bloomfield Hills, MI,
and Mary Louise and Charles Hartman of Princeton, NJ; her brothers, James Weis
of North Palm Beach, FL and Rev. Earl Weis, SJ of Chicago, IL; her sister, Ann
Lackey of Export, PA; 11 grandchildren; and nine great-grandchildren.

Mass of the Resurrection will be held on Saturday (1/15/2005) at 10 AM at the
St. David the King RC Church, 1 New Village Road, West Windsor, NJ. Entombment
will follow in Holy Cross Burial Park, South Brunswick, NJ. Evening Prayer
Service will be held on Friday (1/14/2005) from 7 PM until 9 PM at the A.S. Cole
Funeral Home, 22 North Main Street, Cranbury, NJ and on Saturday (1/15/2005)
from 9 AM until 10 AM at the church. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be
made in her memory to Catholic Relief Services, 209 West Fayette Street,
Baltimore, MD 21201-3443, Lake Park Public Library, 529 Park Avenue, Lake Park,
FL 33403, or St. Francis of Assisi Catholic School, 100 West 20th Street, West
Palm Beach, FL 33404.

To express condolences and make donations Visit PalmBeachPost.com/obituaries

CAPTAIN ERNEST E. "GENE" GRANT, JR.

Captain Ernest E. Grant, Jr., of Palm City, age 77, took his final flight west
on January 3, 2005. To fly west, my friend, is a flight we all must take for a
final check. Born in Atlanta, GA in 1927, he was the son of Carolyn and Ernest
Ernie Grant, Sr., founders of Grant's Furniture, which opened in downtown West
Palm Beach, FL in 1947. He graduated from Palm Beach High School in West Palm
Beach, FL in 1944 and was editor of Royal Palm, the school's yearbook.

He enlisted in the Navy in 1946 and became a Naval Aviator in 1948. His love of
flying led him to serve his country as a fighter pilot, having flown the famed
F4U Corsair off the deck of the legendary aircraft carrier, USS Coral Sea. He
served as a transport pilot in the United States Navy Reserve and retired with
the rank of Captain, earning the nickname, Bulldog.

He was an alumnus of Georgia Tech and Emory University. He was a graduate of the
University of Miami with a B.B.A. degree, cum laude. He became a pilot with
Delta Air Lines in 1951. He retired in Atlanta in 1987 with the distinction of
being an International Delta Captain with over 36,000 flying hours during his 36
year career. He enjoyed fishing with his family.

Survivors include his wife, Dorothy Dekle Grant; his four sons, Chip of Hobe
Sound, FL, Mike and his wife Grace of St. Petersburg, FL, Perry and his wife
Tina of Tequesta, FL, Jeff and his wife Dana of Melrose, FL; seven
grandchildren, Anja, Brittany, Tiffany, Ashley, Emily, Rachel and Heather; great
grandchild, Riley; and his sister, Janet Grant Guertin of Ft. Myers, FL.

A Memorial Service celebrating his flight through life will be held at 3PM on
Sunday, January 9, 2005 at All Saints Episcopal Church, 2303 NE Seaview Drive,
Jensen Beach, FL. In lieu of flowers, the family gratefully wishes for
contributions in memory of Gene Grant be sent to The Hospice of Martin and St.
Lucie and/or The American Cancer Society.

To express condolences and make donations Visit PalmBeachPost.com/obituaries

THOMAS JOSEPH POWERS, JR.

37 years old, of Boca Raton, FL, beloved son of Thomas Joseph Powers and Barbara
Elizabeth Powers, died Tuesday, January 4th. Tom grew up in Manahawkin, NJ and
graduated from Southern Regional H.S. in 1985. He moved to the Palm Beach area
in 1989 and worked as a web master for Boca Research. In 2001, he embarked on a
new career a Jewels in Time, Boca Raton, as their web master for Ebay sales. Tom
was an avid electric bass player and enjoyed attending rock concerts.

He is survived by his brother James Joseph Powers; his two sisters, Eileen
Barbara Crayne and Elizabeth Ann Walkinshaw; two nephews, Luke and Matthew
Walkinshaw; and three nieces, Barbara and Victoria Powers-Crayne, and Leah Rose
Walkinshaw.

A Funeral Mass will be held at St. Rita's Roman Catholic Church, Wellington on
Friday, January 7, 2005 at 10:00 AM. In lieu of flowers please make donations in
memory of Tom to the Elton John AIDS Foundation, P.O. Box 17139, Beverly Hills,
CA 90209-3139, or www.ejaf.org. Tom will be sorely missed by all those who know
and love him.

To express condolences and make donations Visit PalmBeachPost.com/obituaries

CHRISTINA "CHRIS" MISHAK

of Palm Beach Gardens, FL, formerly of Irvine, CA passed away on Sunday, January
2, 2005.

Chris was the adored wife of the late Robert Bob Mishak for 33 years. Chris is
survived by her daughter, Julie and her husband, John of Belle Mead, New Jersey,
and her son, Jeff and his wife, Beth of Jupiter, her 5 loving Grandchildren, as
well as many other family and friends that she so dearly loved. Chris always
made everyone she came into contact with feel very special. She will be sorely
missed by those who knew and loved her.

In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to the American Red Cross of Palm
Beach County, 9121 N. Military Trail, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410. Edgley
Cremation Services, West Palm Beach, FL.

To express condolences and make donations Visit PalmBeachPost.com/obituaries

SHARON P. YOUNG

Of Riviera Beach, Florida departed this life on Wednesday, January 5, 2005. She
was preceded in death by her father and mother Napoleon and Virginia Young and
her sister Virginia Pinky Jackson.

She leaves to cherish her memories, two loving sons, Corey and Courtney Young;
granddaughter, Jacoria Young; sisters, Sylvia Young, Brenda Young and Deborah
(Calvin Sr.) Stubbs all of Riviera Beach, FL; and a host of uncles, aunts,
nieces, nephews, cousins and many sorrowing friends.

Celebration of Life will be held Saturday, January 8, 2005 10 A.M. at New
Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church, Riviera Beach, FL. Friends may call TODAY
from 5-7 P.M. SIDERS FUNERAL HOME, 1600 N. Dixie Highway, W.P.B., FL.

To express condolences and make donations Visit PalmBeachPost.com/obituaries

LESTER BOVARNICK 90,

of West Palm Beach, FL died Thursday, January 6, 2005. Predeceased by his wife
Barbara. Survived by his sons Leonard and Michael.

Contributions may be made to Hospice, 5300 East Ave., West Palm Beach, FL.
Private service.

To express condolences or send donations Visit PalmBeachPost.com/obituaries

ANGELA M. LEWIS

Age 34, resident of Riviera Beach, Florida passed away December 22, 2004.

She leaves to cherish her memory, husband Harry Lewis; mother, L.B. Moore; five
daughters, Mercedes, Lola, Alexis, Alecia & La'Chann; one son, Harry Lewis, Jr.;
one sister, Eleanor & Hitler Exume; four brothers, Toney & Kesha Moore, Lorenzo
Pugh, Thomas Donald, Antonio Ford; and a host of aunts, uncles, cousins and
friends. Pre-deceased by her father, Grant Moore and daughter, Lorie Lewis.

A memorial gathering will be held at 1 p.m. January 8, 2005 at True Faith Church
of God in Christ, 1700 W. 18th St., Riviera Beach, Florida, Bishop Jack Williams
officiating. For info. call 561-396-4699.

To express condolences and make donations Visit PalmBeachPost.com/obituaries

ROSE CATHERINE PASIECZNIK

Age 47 - a native of Hartford, CT and resident of Boca Raton, FL died Friday,
December 31, 2004 in Mobile, AL. She was a member of Faith and Light. Miss
Pasiecznik served as a volunteer at several local libraries. She was a member of
Ascension Church and worked at the Rehabilitation Center for the Handicapped,
Boca Raton, FL.

A memorial mass will be celebrated at Ascension Church, 7250 North Federal Hwy,
Boca Raton, FL 561-997-5486.

To express condolences and make donations Visit PalmBeachPost.com/obituaries

HARRIET GEYER

93, went to be with Lord on January 6, 2005 in Kissimmee, FL. She was born in
Southampton, N.Y. on January 21, 1911 to Harry P. and Florence Bailey and was
one of four siblings; Russell (deceased), Dorothy McMeekan and Caroline Betty
Behrendt/Van Essendelft (deceased). She was preceded in death by her husband,
Carl Geyer, who were residents of West Palm Beach, FL for over 50 years. They
enjoyed traveling and made numerous transatlantic ocean cruises to Germany
visiting Carl's family with stops in surrounding countries, as well as many road
trips in the USA. Harriet was a longtime member of Northwood Baptist Church.

She is survived by her niece, Lynn Weeks (one of two peas in a pod), Kissimmee,
FL, Donna Van Essendelft, Princess Anne, MD, Peter Behrendt, Pocatello, ID,
James Behrendt, Blue Point, NY, Dee McMeekan-Apstein, Boston, MA and Barbara
McBride, IL. She is also survived by many great and great-great nieces and
nephews.

To express condolences and make donations Visit PalmBeachPost.com/obituaries

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: OBITUARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            January 27, 2006 Friday

Oakley teens get a hand up;
San Francisco nonprofit group is investing $150,000 over three years to promote
healthy living for youths

BYLINE: Paula King, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 409 words


The city and a San Francisco-based nonprofit will partner to bring new programs
for Oakley youth.

"This is an opportunity for youth development," Parks and Recreation Director
Nancy Kaiser said. "They want to be engaged."

The Vesper Society will contribute $150,000 over three years to promoting civic
pride and healthy living of Oakley's youth, particularly high school teens.
Together, Vesper and the city plan to develop a Youth Empowerment Program.

Under this collaboration, they hope to evaluate existing youth services provided
by the city, including the Oakley Youth Advisory Council, and then start a
program aimed at youth development. Other goals include drafting a youth master
plan and establishing a program based on the expectations of the community's
youth.

"We do work related to building youth assets," said Vesper president Mary Olson
Baich.

The grant will pay for launching the project, staffing, services and supplies.
The money will be held in a youth development account.

Since 1985, Vesper has been focused on adolescent health by allocating more than
$75 million to health care projects, including Sutter Delta Hospital's Urgent
Care Clinic and Hayward's Adolescent Health Consortium. They also started the
Search Institute's Forty Developmental Assets for youth, which has been utilized
by several communities.

"It is a really healthy community," Olson Baich said of Oakley.

According to Kaiser, the city has long been committed to teen services and
programs and that the parks and recreation department provides various
activities for middle school students. A few months ago, a group of teens from
CCISCO (Contra Costa Interfaith Supporting Community Organization) came forward
requesting more teen programs.

As treasurer of the Oakley Youth Advisory Council, Loloa To'o said the proposal
sounds like a great idea. The Freedom High School sophomore said the youth
council is also looking to focus on serving the needs of high school teens.

"Mainly, the focus has been on elementary and middle school students and I think
it is great that they are focusing on high school students," he said.

At Monday's meeting, the Oakley City Council approved a memorandum of
understanding with Vesper for funding and implementation of programs that will
strengthen teen involvement.

"I look forward to our partnership and many good projects from it," Councilwoman
Carol Rios said.

Paula King covers Oakley. Reach her at 925-779-7189 or pking@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 21, 2007 Friday

50 Making a Difference profile: Martha A. Burger, Chesapeake Energy Corp.

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 699  words


Deciding to change career paths in her late 20s has proven to be one of the best
decisions Martha Burger has made. The switch allowed the young medical
technologist to grow into one of the highest executive positions of any other
woman in the independent energy industry.

Burger's father always told her that it was OK to take risks and go after what
you wanted as long as you were prepared to take full responsibility for your
actions.

Committed to her decision to leave the medical technology field to pursue a
career in accounting, Burger continued to work full-time at a hospital while
attending night school to obtain her second degree.

After completing her accounting degree, she went to work as a staff accountant
for Arthur Andersen & Co. She then served in various accounting positions at
Phoenix Resources Companies Inc. before joining Hadson Corp. in 1989 as
assistant treasurer and then vice president and controller. While continuing to
work full-time, Burger completed her master's of business administration from
Oklahoma City University in 1992. In 1994, she joined the staff at Chesapeake
Energy Corp. and served in various positions of increasing authority before
being named to treasurer and senior vice president of human resources in 2000.
Earlier this year she was named senior vice president of human and corporate
resources for the Oklahoma City company.

During the course of her career, she has successfully overseen the completion of
more than $6 billion in bank credit facilities and managed cash portfolios of
$250 million. She also has developed an award-winning corporate wellness program
and has managed the employee issues that arose from billions of dollars in
acquisitions. The three-time honoree for The Journal Record's 50 Making a
Difference is a frequent speaker on corporate wellness initiatives and programs.

However, she considers her most significant professional achievement the
mentoring and sponsoring of women in the business world.

"Having a senior management position at a company with such a corporate presence
as Chesapeake Energy has enabled me to help other women in management positions.
Seeing women I've worked with become successful attorneys and business managers
makes the required investment of time and energy all the more worthwhile," she
said.

Burger is a member of Oklahoma City University Societies, EWF International,
Oklahoma Society of Certified Public Accountants, American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants and the Society of Human Resource Management. The
graduate of Leadership Oklahoma Class XVII endowed a scholarship for women
master's of business administration at OCU in 2002.

In addition, she serves on the executive board for OCU's Meinders School of
Business, the board of trustees for the University of Central Oklahoma and the
board of the Oklahoma City Boathouse Foundation. She also is a member of the
Turning Point State Health Plan Committee and the Transformation Working Group
for the Oklahoma Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services and
serves as a co-chair of the 2008 United Way Drive steering committee.

Her civic involvements include serving on the boards of the Oklahoma City
Philharmonic, Mental Health Association of Central Oklahoma, Regional Food Bank
and the Oklahoma City Boathouse Foundation. She's also involved with The
Oklahoma Academy, Allied Arts, United Way, Juliette Low Leadership Society and
Delta Gamma Alumnae Organization. In addition, she oversees and directs
Chesapeake's affiliations with the Oklahoma Blood Institute, United Way and the
Payne Education Center.

Burger's honors include being named Distinguished Alumna representing OCU's
Meinders School of Business in 2006, Distinguished Philanthropist in 2007 and
Delta Gamma's Panhellenic Woman of the Year earlier this year as well. In 2006,
she received the Byliners Award in the field of business from the Association
for Women in Communications.

About Martha:

Birthplace: Stamford, Conn.

Spouse: Donald R. Rowlett

First job: Contract painter

Dream job: Insurance fraud investigator

Hobbies: Reading, crafts

Favorite type of food: Mexican

Favorite type of music: Bossa nova

Favorite vacation spot: Amalfi Coast of Italy



LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Daily News Egypt

                              July 4, 2016 Monday

World Bank and AFDB reports put CRCICA in line with international standards

BYLINE: Mohamed Farag

LENGTH: 564 words


An official at the Cairo Regional Centre for International Commercial
Arbitration (CRCICA) said that two confidential reports from the World Bank and
the African Development Bank (AFDB) showed that the CRCICA is independent from
all parties and fits within the international standards for foreign arbitration.

He told Daily News Egypt that the World Bank was about to finance electricity
and energy projects in Egypt in 2012, sending a committee consisting of a number
of experts to follow up on the performance of CRCICA for six months.

International financial institutions refused to finance new and renewable energy
projects through a feed-in tariff system, protesting that international
arbitration be conducted in Egypt in the case of any dispute. They demanded that
the place of arbitration be moved outside of Egypt.

According to the official, when financial institutions agree to lend money to
any other country, such as France, Germany, or Switzerland, the parties of
dispute resort to arbitration within the country of origin, raising questions as
to why they refused the arbitration in Egypt.

The World Bank concluded a report on issued arbitration awards as well as the
arbitrators. The report, the official said, came out positive and asserted that
all the international measures adopted at CRCICA hold, stressing that there is
no problem with conducting any arbitration inside Egypt.

In a similar context, the African Development Bank also observed CRCICA and sent
a committee including a Swiss office and three other international centres. The
report asserted that CRCICA is fully independent, the awards are being executed,
arbitrators are impartial, and the centre meets all international criteria.

The official pointed out that CRCICA does apply international arbitration
measures, proven by the confidential reports issued by financing bodies. In
addition, the World Bank has guiding rules to approve financing any project of
which they are exactly the same of CRCICA.

There are 1,090 arbitration cases filed before the CRCICA throughout the first
quarter of this year. These cases included disputes related to services,
construction, media, entertainment, hotel management, tourism, and
telecommunications.

The official pointed out that disputes related to services agreements were among
the most notable of the disputes during the first quarter of 2016. There are six
of these cases; three of which are related to petroleum services provided in
agreement with the regime. The state grants concessions in oil fields located in
Egypt's Eastern Desert, the Mediterranean Sea, the Nile Delta, and Sinai.

The fourth case includes an international case related to the contract signed to
provide medical device sterilisation services to health care facilities and
industries in Egypt.

The fifth case is related to the preparation of comprehensive advisory studies
for rain water, floods, sewage water, and flood protection.

The sixth case includes collection of industrial, residential, commercial, and
service wastes as a means of cleaning up the streets and public utilities in
Cairo.

The CRCICA is an international, independent non-profit organisation established
in 1979 under the Asian-African Legal Consultative Organization. The
organisation's establishment came after the 1978 decision to establish regional
centres for international commercial arbitration in Asia and Africa.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 11


         Copyright 2016 Daily News Egypt - Egyptian Media Services Ltd.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            October 26, 2008 Sunday

Silver City calendar

BYLINE: Sun News Report

SECTION: AROUND THE COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 806 words


Today

A groundbreaking ceremony for the new Fort Bayard Medical Center will be held at
10 a.m. today at Bataan Park. Several speakers, legislators, local officials and
state secretaries will be present.

A presentation by state Sens. Howie Morales and John Arthur Smith concerning the
New Mexico Education Retirement Fund and Retiree Health Care will be held at 6
p.m. today at the Global Resource Center, Western New Mexico University's
campus. The Silver Consolidated Schools and Epsilon Chapter of Delta Kappa Gamma
are inviting all education retirees and current employees to attend the
presentation.

Tuesday

The Cemetery Board of the Town of Silver City will hold a meeting at 1:30 p.m.
Tuesday at the Public Works Administration Building, 610 East 8th St. For
information, visit the Web site www.townofsilvercity.org.

Town Council meeting will be held at 7 p.m. Tuesday at the Grant County
Administration Center, 1400 Highway 180 East. For information, call (575)
538-3731 or e-mail info@townofsilvercity.org

The Compassionate Friends of Southwestern New Mexico meeting will be held from
6:30 to 8 p.m. Tuesday at The Episcopal Church, corner of 7th and Texas streets.
Guest speaker will be Sister Margarita Armendariz from the Dioceses of El Paso.
Learn more about The Compassionate Friends, visit its Web site,
www.compassionatefriends.org.

Dias de los Muertos Diorama Workshop will be held from 6 to 9 p.m. Tuesday at
Leyba & Ingalls Arts, 315 Bullard St. The cost is $80 includes all materials,
including an approx. 6"x4"x9" wooden box. Try to come to class with an idea for
a scene in mind. We will create your scenario using clay, paper, wire, paint,
fabric, styrofoam, etc. Second class we'll paint the details, finish the
furnishings and assemble the box. For information or to register, call (575)
388-5725.

The Silver Stompers Line Dancers are sponsoring an enchilada dinner from 10 a.m.
to 2 p.m. Tuesday at the Knights of Columbus Hall, 1301 N. Swan St. The cost is
$6 per plate. For information, call (575) 538-3216, (575) 534-9202 or (575)
313-7094.

Wednesday

Bayard Farmers Market will be held from 3 to 6 p.m. Wednesday at Highway 356,
Central Ave. For information, call (575) 537-3967, (575) 534-1704 or (575)
537-5014.

Gila Regional Medical Center Board of Trustees regular meeting will be held at 8
a.m. Wednesday at the GRMC board room, 1313 E. 32nd St. Open to the public. For
information, call (575) 538-4090.

Welcome to the Nightmare, Silver City's Haunted House, will be open from 6 to 10
p.m. Wednesday through Friday at The Wherehouse, at the end of Bullard Street.
Parking across the street at Bad Ass Bakery. $5 per person and $3 for kids under
10. For information, call (575) 534-9005.

The Red Barn, 708 Silver Heights Blvd., will hold a Halloween extravaganza
Wednesday through Friday in the banquet room for young children, ages three to
10 and their parents to come play games, take Halloween photos, get candy and
have a good time. There will also be a pumpkin carving contest. Customers can
bring in their pumpkins all week to be on display and judging will take place on
Halloween, with prizes offered (gift certificates to the restaurant). For more
information, call (575) 538-5666.

Thursday

The Noise Ordinance Advisory Committee for the Town of Silver City meeting will
be held at 6 p.m. Thursday in the upstairs conference room of the City Hall
Annex/Bank of America building, 1201 N. Hudson St. The public is invited to
attend. For information, visit the Web site, www.townofsilvercity.org.

The Veteran's Memorial Citizens Advisory Committee for the Town of Silver City
will hold a meeting at 6 p.m. Thursday in the conference room of the Silver City
Public Library at 515 W. College Ave. The public is invited to attend. For
information, visit the Web site, www.townofsilvercity.org.

"Poison Wind," a documentary film about uranium mining, will be held at 7 p.m.
Thursday at the Silco Theater, Bullard St. For information, call (575) 538-8078
or visit the Web site, www.gilaresources.info.

Friday

Monster Metal night will be held at 7 p.m. Friday at the Drifter Lounge, 711
Silver Heights Blvd. The newly remodeled lounge will be featuring four heavy
metal bands. Come out and celebrate Halloween with a great night of music and
dancing.

Halloween Party will be held at 7 p.m. Friday at Twisted Vine, 108 E. Broadway
St. For information, call (575) 388-2828.

"Halloween Havoc" will be held at 9 p.m. Friday at the Brown Derby, 410 N.
Bayard St., in Santa Clara. With Superblitz in the dance hall and Fermin y Rene
in the bar. Admission is $5. For information, call (575) 537-2782.

"'Yesterday's Bash' Halloween 2008" will be held from 9 p.m. to 1:30 a.m. Friday
at The Flame, 2800 N. Pinos Altos Road , with DJ Chase. Costume contests with
$400 in prize money. Admission is $5. For information, call (575) 388-0992.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2008 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 23, 2011 Sunday

Public hospitals carry burden of charity care despite big tax breaks for
nonprofits

BYLINE: By Sandy Kleffman Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1974 words


The East Bay's nonprofit hospitals receive millions of dollars in tax breaks
each year to care for the poor and uninsured, yet they provide only a fraction
of local charity care, a Bay Area News Group analysis reveals.

The responsibility of caring for the indigent falls largely on the region's
public hospitals, which struggle under the weight.

County-owned Contra Costa Regional Medical Center in Martinez, propped up by a
nearly $40 million annual public subsidy, spent 23 percent of its operating
expenses on charity care in 2010. The nonprofit John Muir Medical Center in
Walnut Creek, in comparison, spent 1.7 percent.

Similarly, in Alameda County, the county-owned Highland Hospital in Oakland
spent more than 15 percent of its operating expenses on charity care, while the
nonprofit Alta Bates Summit Medical Center spent 2.4 percent.

Debate has intensified nationally about whether nonprofit hospitals do enough to
justify their lucrative, tax-exempt status.

"We are giving literally millions of dollars of tax breaks to major hospital
chains, and what are we getting in return?" said Anthony Wright, executive
director of Health Access California, a consumer advocacy group.

In August, Alameda County Supervisor Wilma Chan and Senate Majority Leader Ellen
Corbett, D-San Leandro, won legislative approval for a state audit that will
examine the issue at a sampling of California institutions.

"We're doing this because there are some nonprofit hospitals in our area that we
feel have probably not adequately fulfilled their charity care obligations,"
said Chan, who declined to name the institutions.

Whether the hospitals are flouting the terms of their nonprofit status is hard
to say, because federal and state laws contain only hazy guidelines about what
the hospitals must do to qualify for tax breaks.

To shed light on the debate, the Bay Area News Group analyzed charity care at
East Bay hospitals in two ways. It looked at what percentage of operating
expenses each hospital devotes to charity care. It also computed countywide
charity care totals and looked at how the total is divided among the hospitals.

Charity care refers to free or discounted hospital services delivered to
low-income, uninsured patients.

In Contra Costa, the county hospital alone accounted for more than 75 percent of
the countywide charity care total in 2010.

The county's six nonprofit hospitals together provided slightly less than 23
percent.

Doctors Medical Center in San Pablo, a district hospital, delivered 1.3 percent
of the total, and the East Bay's only for-profit hospital, San Ramon Regional
Medical Center, provided 0.2 percent.

In Alameda County, Highland accounted for more than 53 percent of the countywide
charity care total in 2010.

All told, Alameda County's nine nonprofit hospitals provided slightly less than
43 percent.

The two district hospitals delivered 3.9 percent.

The nonprofit hospitals note that they spend millions of dollars each year on
other services such as mobile health vans, free screenings, no-cost surgeries
for low-income people, support for clinics and community programs, educational
classes and medical research.

"Charity care is extremely important to us, but it's just one component of our
overall community benefit," said Dr. Steve O'Brien, vice president of medical
affairs at Alta Bates Summit Medical Center in Oakland and Berkeley.

Hospitals in wealthier areas also argue that fewer uninsured patients seek to
use their services.

Because John Muir's facilities are in Walnut Creek and Concord, it tends not to
get as many people who lack coverage as hospitals in lower-income areas, said
Lynn Baskett, executive director of the John Muir Community Health Alliance.

In the neighborhoods around Pleasanton's ValleyCare Health System, the median
family income is more than $120,000, notes Ken Jensen, chief financial officer.

"We can't force people to come here for charity care," Jensen said.

But patients can travel, countered Contra Costa Supervisor John Gioia.

"All of these hospitals are in counties that have large numbers of patients who
need hospital services and can't pay for them," Gioia said. "So the argument
that you're located in a high-income area doesn't hold water."

Gioia leads the board overseeing Doctors Medical Center, which is striving to
avert its second bankruptcy in five years.

"We could lose an important institution in West County if there isn't a more
equitable sharing of charity care services," Gioia said.

The Bay Area News Group computed statewide charity care averages and examined
institutions in Alameda and Contra Costa counties using hospital financial
reports filed with the state.

An analysis of charity care as a percentage of each hospital's operating
expenses reveals:


     ·    Five of the East Bay's nonprofit hospitals have charity care levels
          well below the statewide nonprofit average of 2.99 percent of
          operating expenses.



     ·    Charity care rose dramatically at the two county hospitals from 2005
          to 2010. At Contra Costa Regional, it jumped from $57 million to $81
          million. At Highland, it rose from $27 million to $59 million.



     ·    St. Rose Hospital in Hayward, despite recent financial struggles, had
          the highest level of charity care among nonprofits at 5.9 percent of
          its operating expenses, or nearly double the state average.



     ·    Charity care has declined sharply at the nonprofit Sutter Delta
          Medical Center in Antioch, dropping from $5.5 million in 2005 to $4.2
          million in 2009 to $2.1 million in 2010. The 2010 amount is 1.3
          percent of the institution's operating expenses.


Sutter Delta spokeswoman Angela Juarez-Lombardi said the hospital has lowered
its charity care costs by signing up more than 700 uninsured patients for
Medi-Cal coverage during a 13-month period. The hospital also operates an urgent
care clinic for the uninsured next to its emergency department that sees more
than 5,000 patients annually.

The stakes in the debate are high. Nationwide, nonprofit hospitals enjoy tax
exemptions estimated at $12 billion to $20 billion annually.

Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, is among those who have called for more scrutiny
of nonprofits, urging the IRS to investigate whether the institutions do enough
to justify their tax breaks.

Grassley once suggested requiring nonprofit hospitals to devote at least 5
percent of expenditures to care for the poor, but he backed off that idea this
year, saying that setting minimums could discourage some institutions from doing
more.

The East Bay hospitals with charity care levels well below the statewide
nonprofit average of 2.99 percent of operating expenses were:


     ·    John Muir in Walnut Creek at 1.7 percent.



     ·    John Muir in Concord at 1.5 percent.



     ·    Sutter Delta at 1.3 percent.



     ·    Alta Bates Summit in Berkeley at 0.9 percent.



     ·    ValleyCare in Pleasanton at 0.6 percent.


Children's Hospital Oakland had a charity care level of 1.2 percent, but its
numbers are not necessarily comparable because more children than adults are
insured and so do not need charity care.

Nonprofit hospitals were required on their 2009 IRS forms for the first time to
estimate the value of their broader community benefits, in addition to charity
care. But what can go into such tallies has been vigorously debated.

Consumer advocates question the validity of including costs such as medical
research, educational programs and services the hospitals may offer to attract
patients.

"Some of these things are very nice and good and helpful, but a lot of things
also end up being marketing for the hospital, whether it be showing up at fairs
or handing out a car seat to a pregnant woman" to encourage her to deliver at
the hospital, Wright said.

The hospitals respond that it is unfair to judge them on charity care alone.
John Muir estimated its community benefits at more than $37 million in 2009,
including free breast and cervical cancer screenings for nearly 500 low-income
women, a mobile health clinic and a $1.6 million annual donation to a community
health fund.

Gioia praises John Muir and Kaiser Permanente for helping keep Doctors Medical
Center open. After Doctors declared bankruptcy in 2006, Kaiser donated $12
million to the hospital over three years and John Muir contributed $3 million.

This year, as Doctors again teetered on the verge of bankruptcy, Kaiser gave
$4.2 million more.

The Bay Area News Group could not compile comparable charity care numbers for
Kaiser hospitals because the nonprofit health system does not file annual
financial reports like other hospitals.

Kaiser estimated it invested more than $1 billion in programs and services that
benefited communities statewide in 2009, including more than $18 million in
contributions to such Northern California institutions as Asian Health Center,
La Clinica de la Raza, Lifelong Medical Care and school-based health centers in
Oakland.

Alta Bates Summit estimated its community benefits at more than $87 million in
2009, including contributing to the Berkeley Primary Care Access Clinic,
providing free discharge prescriptions, supporting asthma management, AIDS,
diabetes and cancer centers and contributing to health ministries.

ValleyCare put the value of its community benefits at $10 million, including
supporting a mobile health unit, health centers at Chabot and Las Positas
colleges, disease support groups, a lactation program, educational seminars and
a nursing school.

Such programs are beneficial, consumer advocate Wright agreed, but he noted that
only charity care eliminates some or all of the medical bills for low-income
people who need emergency hospitalization.

Charity care reporting rules are also clearer, enabling more valid comparisons.

The nonprofit hospital with the highest level of charity care in the East Bay,
St. Rose in Hayward, is going through severe financial challenges. In July, St.
Rose asked Alameda County supervisors to help it obtain an emergency grant to
ensure it could meet its payroll.

Last month, it announced plans to lay off nearly 10 percent of its workforce.

Despite such difficulties, St. Rose delivered $7.7 million worth of charity care
in 2010, or 5.9 percent of its operating expenses. "If you're not paying taxes,
then you need to provide a measurable benefit to the community to justify that
status," CEO Michael Mahoney said.

Charity care at Doctors Medical Center, a financially struggling public
hospital, plunged from $9.4 million in 2009 to $1.4 million in 2010. Although
nearly one-fourth of Doctors' emergency room patients are uninsured, the
hospital has been successful at signing up large numbers of people for Medi-Cal
coverage so they do not need charity care, said Chief Financial Officer Jim
Boatman.

Other patients are in and out of Doctors' emergency room so quickly the hospital
has been unable to get them to fill out the applications to qualify for charity
care, "so those are just written off as bad debt, but we'll never collect on
them," Boatman said. Doctors had $11.6 million in bad debt in 2010.

In recent months, the county general fund subsidy of nearly $40 million for
Contra Costa Regional Medical Center has been hotly debated.

Several law enforcement leaders have sharply criticized the spending, arguing
that it forces deep cuts in other county programs.

But the same economy that compels county budget cuts is pushing more patients to
the hospital, its chief said.

"We have seen an unprecedented increase in demand," CEO Anna Roth said. "The
economy has played a significant role in upping the pressure on the public
hospitals."

Chan said lawmakers should consider revising the definition of community
benefits and should scrutinize whether hospitals do enough to earn their tax
exemptions.

"We're in a new situation with health care reform coming," she said. "We have
hospitals in distress. We have more uninsured because people have lost jobs. So
this may be a good time to re-examine the whole system."

Contact Sandy Kleffman at 925-943-8249.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Patient Alvaro Ramirez, of Oakland, center, is seen by Douglas Frey,
registered nurse, right, and Maxim Ritzenberg, medical student, left, in the
emergency medicine department of Highland Hospital on Tuesday, Aug. 30, 2011, in
Oakland, Calif. Ramirez, who does not have health insurance, was in the hospital
on a workers' compensation issue. Highland hospital provides a large amount of
charity care to those who are uninsured. (Jane Tyska/Staff)
Emergency Medical Technician Michael Mullarkey, of Royal Ambulance, left, waits
for a patient to be admitted to the emergency medicine department at Highland
Hospital on Tuesday, Aug. 30, 2011. in Oakland, Calif. Highland provides a large
amount of charity care to those who are uninsured. (Jane Tyska/Staff)
Patient Alvaro Ramirez, of Oakland, left, is seen by Douglas Frey, registered
nurse, in the emergency medicine department of Highland Hospital on Tuesday,
Aug. 30, 2011, in Oakland, Calif. Ramirez, who does not have health insurance,
was in the hospital on a workers' compensation issue. Highland provides a large
amount of charity care to those who are uninsured. (Jane Tyska/Staff)
Dr. Harrison Alter, right, and medical resident Kris Chile, left, work in the
emergency medicine department of Highland Hospital on Tuesday, Aug. 30, 2011 in
Oakland, Calif. Highland provides a large amount of charity care to those who
are uninsured. (Jane Tyska/Staff)
Patients wait in the triage area of the emergency medicine department at
Highland Hospital on Tuesday, Aug. 30, 2011, in Oakland, Calif. Highland
Hospital provides a large amount of charity care to those who are uninsured.
(Jane Tyska/Staff)
Click on image to enlarge.
Click on image to enlarge.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            October 23, 2011 Sunday

Public hospitals carry burden of charity care despite big tax breaks for
nonprofits

BYLINE: By Sandy Kleffman Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1974 words


The East Bay's nonprofit hospitals receive millions of dollars in tax breaks
each year to care for the poor and uninsured, yet they provide only a fraction
of local charity care, a Bay Area News Group analysis reveals.

The responsibility of caring for the indigent falls largely on the region's
public hospitals, which struggle under the weight.

County-owned Contra Costa Regional Medical Center in Martinez, propped up by a
nearly $40 million annual public subsidy, spent 23 percent of its operating
expenses on charity care in 2010. The nonprofit John Muir Medical Center in
Walnut Creek, in comparison, spent 1.7 percent.

Similarly, in Alameda County, the county-owned Highland Hospital in Oakland
spent more than 15 percent of its operating expenses on charity care, while the
nonprofit Alta Bates Summit Medical Center spent 2.4 percent.

Debate has intensified nationally about whether nonprofit hospitals do enough to
justify their lucrative, tax-exempt status.

"We are giving literally millions of dollars of tax breaks to major hospital
chains, and what are we getting in return?" said Anthony Wright, executive
director of Health Access California, a consumer advocacy group.

In August, Alameda County Supervisor Wilma Chan and Senate Majority Leader Ellen
Corbett, D-San Leandro, won legislative approval for a state audit that will
examine the issue at a sampling of California institutions.

"We're doing this because there are some nonprofit hospitals in our area that we
feel have probably not adequately fulfilled their charity care obligations,"
said Chan, who declined to name the institutions.

Whether the hospitals are flouting the terms of their nonprofit status is hard
to say, because federal and state laws contain only hazy guidelines about what
the hospitals must do to qualify for tax breaks.

To shed light on the debate, the Bay Area News Group analyzed charity care at
East Bay hospitals in two ways. It looked at what percentage of operating
expenses each hospital devotes to charity care. It also computed countywide
charity care totals and looked at how the total is divided among the hospitals.

Charity care refers to free or discounted hospital services delivered to
low-income, uninsured patients.

In Contra Costa, the county hospital alone accounted for more than 75 percent of
the countywide charity care total in 2010.

The county's six nonprofit hospitals together provided slightly less than 23
percent.

Doctors Medical Center in San Pablo, a district hospital, delivered 1.3 percent
of the total, and the East Bay's only for-profit hospital, San Ramon Regional
Medical Center, provided 0.2 percent.

In Alameda County, Highland accounted for more than 53 percent of the countywide
charity care total in 2010.

All told, Alameda County's nine nonprofit hospitals provided slightly less than
43 percent.

The two district hospitals delivered 3.9 percent.

The nonprofit hospitals note that they spend millions of dollars each year on
other services such as mobile health vans, free screenings, no-cost surgeries
for low-income people, support for clinics and community programs, educational
classes and medical research.

"Charity care is extremely important to us, but it's just one component of our
overall community benefit," said Dr. Steve O'Brien, vice president of medical
affairs at Alta Bates Summit Medical Center in Oakland and Berkeley.

Hospitals in wealthier areas also argue that fewer uninsured patients seek to
use their services.

Because John Muir's facilities are in Walnut Creek and Concord, it tends not to
get as many people who lack coverage as hospitals in lower-income areas, said
Lynn Baskett, executive director of the John Muir Community Health Alliance.

In the neighborhoods around Pleasanton's ValleyCare Health System, the median
family income is more than $120,000, notes Ken Jensen, chief financial officer.

"We can't force people to come here for charity care," Jensen said.

But patients can travel, countered Contra Costa Supervisor John Gioia.

"All of these hospitals are in counties that have large numbers of patients who
need hospital services and can't pay for them," Gioia said. "So the argument
that you're located in a high-income area doesn't hold water."

Gioia leads the board overseeing Doctors Medical Center, which is striving to
avert its second bankruptcy in five years.

"We could lose an important institution in West County if there isn't a more
equitable sharing of charity care services," Gioia said.

The Bay Area News Group computed statewide charity care averages and examined
institutions in Alameda and Contra Costa counties using hospital financial
reports filed with the state.

An analysis of charity care as a percentage of each hospital's operating
expenses reveals:


     ·    Five of the East Bay's nonprofit hospitals have charity care levels
          well below the statewide nonprofit average of 2.99 percent of
          operating expenses.



     ·    Charity care rose dramatically at the two county hospitals from 2005
          to 2010. At Contra Costa Regional, it jumped from $57 million to $81
          million. At Highland, it rose from $27 million to $59 million.



     ·    St. Rose Hospital in Hayward, despite recent financial struggles, had
          the highest level of charity care among nonprofits at 5.9 percent of
          its operating expenses, or nearly double the state average.



     ·    Charity care has declined sharply at the nonprofit Sutter Delta
          Medical Center in Antioch, dropping from $5.5 million in 2005 to $4.2
          million in 2009 to $2.1 million in 2010. The 2010 amount is 1.3
          percent of the institution's operating expenses.


Sutter Delta spokeswoman Angela Juarez-Lombardi said the hospital has lowered
its charity care costs by signing up more than 700 uninsured patients for
Medi-Cal coverage during a 13-month period. The hospital also operates an urgent
care clinic for the uninsured next to its emergency department that sees more
than 5,000 patients annually.

The stakes in the debate are high. Nationwide, nonprofit hospitals enjoy tax
exemptions estimated at $12 billion to $20 billion annually.

Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, is among those who have called for more scrutiny
of nonprofits, urging the IRS to investigate whether the institutions do enough
to justify their tax breaks.

Grassley once suggested requiring nonprofit hospitals to devote at least 5
percent of expenditures to care for the poor, but he backed off that idea this
year, saying that setting minimums could discourage some institutions from doing
more.

The East Bay hospitals with charity care levels well below the statewide
nonprofit average of 2.99 percent of operating expenses were:


     ·    John Muir in Walnut Creek at 1.7 percent.



     ·    John Muir in Concord at 1.5 percent.



     ·    Sutter Delta at 1.3 percent.



     ·    Alta Bates Summit in Berkeley at 0.9 percent.



     ·    ValleyCare in Pleasanton at 0.6 percent.


Children's Hospital Oakland had a charity care level of 1.2 percent, but its
numbers are not necessarily comparable because more children than adults are
insured and so do not need charity care.

Nonprofit hospitals were required on their 2009 IRS forms for the first time to
estimate the value of their broader community benefits, in addition to charity
care. But what can go into such tallies has been vigorously debated.

Consumer advocates question the validity of including costs such as medical
research, educational programs and services the hospitals may offer to attract
patients.

"Some of these things are very nice and good and helpful, but a lot of things
also end up being marketing for the hospital, whether it be showing up at fairs
or handing out a car seat to a pregnant woman" to encourage her to deliver at
the hospital, Wright said.

The hospitals respond that it is unfair to judge them on charity care alone.
John Muir estimated its community benefits at more than $37 million in 2009,
including free breast and cervical cancer screenings for nearly 500 low-income
women, a mobile health clinic and a $1.6 million annual donation to a community
health fund.

Gioia praises John Muir and Kaiser Permanente for helping keep Doctors Medical
Center open. After Doctors declared bankruptcy in 2006, Kaiser donated $12
million to the hospital over three years and John Muir contributed $3 million.

This year, as Doctors again teetered on the verge of bankruptcy, Kaiser gave
$4.2 million more.

The Bay Area News Group could not compile comparable charity care numbers for
Kaiser hospitals because the nonprofit health system does not file annual
financial reports like other hospitals.

Kaiser estimated it invested more than $1 billion in programs and services that
benefited communities statewide in 2009, including more than $18 million in
contributions to such Northern California institutions as Asian Health Center,
La Clinica de la Raza, Lifelong Medical Care and school-based health centers in
Oakland.

Alta Bates Summit estimated its community benefits at more than $87 million in
2009, including contributing to the Berkeley Primary Care Access Clinic,
providing free discharge prescriptions, supporting asthma management, AIDS,
diabetes and cancer centers and contributing to health ministries.

ValleyCare put the value of its community benefits at $10 million, including
supporting a mobile health unit, health centers at Chabot and Las Positas
colleges, disease support groups, a lactation program, educational seminars and
a nursing school.

Such programs are beneficial, consumer advocate Wright agreed, but he noted that
only charity care eliminates some or all of the medical bills for low-income
people who need emergency hospitalization.

Charity care reporting rules are also clearer, enabling more valid comparisons.

The nonprofit hospital with the highest level of charity care in the East Bay,
St. Rose in Hayward, is going through severe financial challenges. In July, St.
Rose asked Alameda County supervisors to help it obtain an emergency grant to
ensure it could meet its payroll.

Last month, it announced plans to lay off nearly 10 percent of its workforce.

Despite such difficulties, St. Rose delivered $7.7 million worth of charity care
in 2010, or 5.9 percent of its operating expenses. "If you're not paying taxes,
then you need to provide a measurable benefit to the community to justify that
status," CEO Michael Mahoney said.

Charity care at Doctors Medical Center, a financially struggling public
hospital, plunged from $9.4 million in 2009 to $1.4 million in 2010. Although
nearly one-fourth of Doctors' emergency room patients are uninsured, the
hospital has been successful at signing up large numbers of people for Medi-Cal
coverage so they do not need charity care, said Chief Financial Officer Jim
Boatman.

Other patients are in and out of Doctors' emergency room so quickly the hospital
has been unable to get them to fill out the applications to qualify for charity
care, "so those are just written off as bad debt, but we'll never collect on
them," Boatman said. Doctors had $11.6 million in bad debt in 2010.

In recent months, the county general fund subsidy of nearly $40 million for
Contra Costa Regional Medical Center has been hotly debated.

Several law enforcement leaders have sharply criticized the spending, arguing
that it forces deep cuts in other county programs.

But the same economy that compels county budget cuts is pushing more patients to
the hospital, its chief said.

"We have seen an unprecedented increase in demand," CEO Anna Roth said. "The
economy has played a significant role in upping the pressure on the public
hospitals."

Chan said lawmakers should consider revising the definition of community
benefits and should scrutinize whether hospitals do enough to earn their tax
exemptions.

"We're in a new situation with health care reform coming," she said. "We have
hospitals in distress. We have more uninsured because people have lost jobs. So
this may be a good time to re-examine the whole system."

Contact Sandy Kleffman at 925-943-8249.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                            March 22, 2007 Thursday

Foundation Annual Reports

SECTION: GIVING; Pg. 16 Vol. 19 No. 11

LENGTH: 2081 words


CALIFORNIA WELLNESS FOUNDATION
6320 Canoga Avenue
Suite 1700
Woodland Hills, Calif. 91367
(818) 702-1900
http://www.tcwf.org

Period covered: Year ending December 31, 2005.

Purpose and areas of support: The foundation was created in 1992 following the
conversion of Health Net of California, a large health-maintenance organization,
from nonprofit to for-profit status. In subsequent years, the merger of Health
Net's parent company and QualMed substantially increased the assets of the
foundation, which is independent of any company.

In 2005 the foundation reviewed 1,490 letters of interest and allocated 393
grants totaling nearly $47-million in its eight priority grant-making areas:
diversity in the health professions, environmental health, healthy aging, mental
health, teenage-pregnancy prevention, violence prevention, women's health, and
work and health.

Each year the foundation also sets aside a pool of dollars so it can respond
quickly to needs outside those priority programs. Such grants emphasize
supporting "safety net" health-care providers, helping low-income people
navigate the health-care system, conducting policy analysis and advocacy, and
meeting the health-care needs of disadvantaged ethnic groups, homeless people in
urban areas, and people living along the California-Mexico border.

The foundation has also identified four interdisciplinary themes that help guide
its grant making: leadership development, organizational sustainability, public
policy, and "traditionally underserved populations," including youths and
residents of rural areas.

More than 60 percent of grants were given for core operating support, continuing
the foundation's practice of allowing grantees to carry out programs while also
covering day-to-day administrative and other expenses.

For example, a three-year, $210,000 grant went to the Chico Feminist Women's
Health Center for its work to provide reproductive-health care to women in rural
Northern California.

Other awards included $200,000 over three years to the Clean Water Fund, in San
Francisco, to advocate public policies that result in safer drinking water, and
$110,000 over three years to the National Indian Justice Center, in Santa Rosa,
for a violence-prevention and youth-development project geared toward American
Indian youths in Lake, Mendocino, and Sonoma Counties.

The foundation also operates three award programs: the California Peace Prize,
which each year honors three "unsung heroes" working to curb violence in
California neighborhoods; the Champions of Health Professions Diversity Award;
and sabbaticals for executives at nonprofit health organizations.

The annual report's narrative section describes the foundation's communications
efforts, including its Web site and other online tools, publications,
advertising, and partnerships with civic groups and news-media outlets. For
example, the foundation awarded $1-million to Ogilvy Public Relations Worldwide,
in Sacramento, for a public-education campaign touting the benefits of greater
diversity among health-care professionals.

Application procedure: The foundation makes grants to organizations in
California that are classified as tax-exempt under Section 501(c)(3) of the
Internal Revenue Code and are not private foundations as classified under
Section 509(a). It also makes grants to government agencies and public charities
as defined in IRC Section 170(b)(A)(vi). Potential applicants should first
submit a one- to two-page letter of interest to the director of grants
management. Detailed information is available on the foundation's Web site.

Key officials: Gary L. Yates, president and chief executive officer; Magdalena
Beltrán-del Olmo, vice president of communications; Margaret W. Minnich, vice
president of finance and administration; Cristina M. Regalado, vice president of
programs; Joan C. Hurley, director of grants management; Fatima L. Angeles,
director of evaluation and organizational learning; Ruth Holton-Hodson, director
of public policy; Saba S. Brelvi, Nicole J. Jones, Jeffrey Seungkyu Kim, Earl
Lui, and Sandra J. Martínez, program directors; Peggy Saika, chair of the Board
of Directors.

W.K. KELLOGG FOUNDATION
1 Michigan Avenue East
Battle Creek, Mich. 49017
(269) 968-1611
http://www.wkkf.org

Period covered: Year ending August 31, 2006.

Purpose and areas of support: The foundation was created in 1930 by Will Keith
(W.K.) Kellogg, a former broom salesman who invented cornflakes and established
the breakfast-cereal company that bears his name in 1907. All told, Mr. Kellogg,
who died in 1951 at the age of 91, donated $66-million in Kellogg Company stock
and other investments to the foundation, which continues to receive annual
payments from a trust also set up by Mr. Kellogg.

During its 2006 fiscal year, the foundation paid out $286,829,926 to 1,136 of
its 2,584 active projects. It also allocated new commitments totaling
$346,632,494 to 874 projects, up from $187,589,673 the previous year.

The fund's active grant making revolves around four areas: youth and education,
which received $42,120,521, or 15 percent of grant dollars; philanthropy and
volunteerism, $32,697,120, or 11 percent; health, $30,247,010, or 11 percent;
and food systems and rural development, $20,648,753, or 7 percent.

The foundation expended the remaining 56 percent of grant dollars for special
opportunities, cross-cutting projects, "recurring grants," and programs in
Southern Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean, and the Battle Creek, Mich.,
area.

Eighty-two percent of grant dollars went to projects in the United States; 10
percent to projects in Botswana, Lesotho, Malawi, Mozambique, South Africa,
Swaziland, and Zimbabwe; and 8 percent to Latin America and the Caribbean.
Within each geographic area, the foundation refines its grant making to best
meet regional needs.

The youth-and-education program supports projects designed to "mobilize,
strengthen, and align" families, educational institutions, and other entities
that affect learning from prekindergarten through college. Awards included
$100,000 to the Lydia Home Association, in Chicago, to test safe, temporary
placement options for children and families that could serve as alternatives to
the traditional foster-care system.

The program on philanthropy and volunteerism seeks to strengthen innovative
nonprofit practices and encourages people to donate their time, money, or
experience. Grants place special emphasis on involving women, young people, and
ethnic minorities in charitable activities.

The foundation works to improve the health of vulnerable people through projects
that engage individuals, expand access to high-quality health-care services,
advocate laudable public and consumer policies, and champion positive changes
within health-care institutions and systems.

Food-systems and rural-development grants seek to guarantee that agricultural
and food-production methods and businesses are "economically viable,
environmentally sound, and socially responsible," and to expand economic and
social opportunities for people in rural areas.

Awards included $400,000 to the World Wildlife Fund, in Washington, to promote
sustainable cattle ranching in South Florida while also helping restore the
region's Everglades ecosystem.

The foundation's work in Latin America and the Caribbean emphasizes projects to
help break the cycle of poverty in selected areas of southern Mexico and Central
America (including Haiti and the Dominican Republic), northeastern Brazil, and
the Andean regions of Bolivia, Ecuador, and Peru.

Grants to benefit people in Southern Africa -- where the foundation began
working in the mid-1980s -- included $390,000 to the Swedish Cooperative Centre,
in Harare, Zimbabwe, to establish and equip "study circles" for adults living in
rural villages.

Through its "special opportunities" program, the foundation allocated 27 grants
to help people affected by Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, including $1.5-million
to the Enterprise Corporation of the Delta, in Jackson, Miss., to assist with
financial, housing, and transportation needs.

Application procedure: The foundation only considers requests that fall within
its established or developing program areas. The foundation encourages grant
applicants to submit pre-proposals electronically, using the online application
form available at its Web site. More-detailed information and grant-making
guidelines for each program are also available there.

Key officials: Sterling K. Speirn, president and chief executive officer;
Gregory A. Lyman, senior vice president and corporate secretary; James E.
McHale, senior vice president for programs; C. Patrick Babcock, Richard M.
Foster, Robert F. Long, and Gail D. McClure, vice presidents for programs; Paul
J. Lawler, vice president and chief investment officer; Mary Carole Cotter,
general counsel and assistant corporate secretary; La June Montgomery-Talley,
vice president for finance and treasurer; Cynthia H. Milligan, chair of the
Board of Trustees.

HARRY AND JEANETTE WEINBERG FOUNDATION
7 Park Center Court
Owings Mills, Md. 21117
(410) 654-8500
http://www.hjweinbergfoundation.org

Period covered: Year ending February 28, 2006.

Purpose and areas of support: The foundation was created in 1959 by Harry
Weinberg (1908-90), who had emigrated to Baltimore with his family as a young
child from what was then the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Although Mr. Weinberg had
no formal education past the sixth grade, he went on to parlay investments in
mass transit, securities, and real estate in Hawaii and elsewhere into a sizable
fortune. The foundation received the bulk of Mr. Weinberg's billion-dollar
estate upon his death in 1990. His wife, Jeanette, an avid painter, died the
year before.

The foundation's grant policies reflect the couple's stipulations, and focus on
making operating and capital grants to benefit low-income, elderly, and other
vulnerable people. Geographically, the foundation stresses support for programs
and organizations that serve disadvantaged residents of Hawaii, Maryland,
northeastern Pennsylvania, New York, Israel, and the former Soviet Union.

During the fiscal year, the foundation adopted allocation guidelines for its
grant making. Under the rubric of "meeting basic needs," programs to assist the
elderly will receive 33 percent of grant dollars, disabled people 10 percent,
and programs on health and hunger 7 percent. And under the rubric of "building
self-sufficiency," work-force development will receive 15 percent; education, 10
percent; children, youths, and families, 3 percent; and homelessness and
addiction, 3 percent. The remaining funds will be divided between Hawaii grants
(10 percent) and general community support (9 percent).

Grants to assist the elderly included $750,000 to Families USA, in Washington,
to help low-income senior citizens understand the Medicare Part D program so
they can obtain prescription medications, and $1,250,000 to Jewish Community
Housing for the Elderly, in Brighton, Mass., to build affordable housing for
elderly people in the Boston area.

Allocations in other program areas included $6-million to the American Jewish
Joint Distribution Committee, in New York, for the group's new employment
program in Israel, and $450,000 to the Fuel Fund of Central Maryland, in
Baltimore, to help poor people pay for heating and other home-energy needs.

The foundation operates a second office in Honolulu that administers its grant
making in Hawaii, where the Weinbergs spent the last 25 years of their lives.
Grants included $100,000 to the Rainbow School, in Kahuku, to provide financial
assistance for preschoolers from indigent families.

Through its Weinberg Fellows Program, the foundation provides
leadership-development opportunities for executive directors of nonprofit groups
in Hawaii and the metropolitan Baltimore area.

Application procedure: The foundation accepts letters of inquiry from
organizations that are tax-exempt public charities under Section 501(c)(3) of
the Internal Revenue Code and that principally serve low-income people.
Additional, detailed information regarding eligibility criteria and guidelines
for letters of inquiry is available on the fund's Web site.

Key officials: Shale D. Stiller, president; Alvin Awaya and Donn Weinberg, vice
presidents; Barry I. Schloss, secretary and treasurer; Rachel Garbow Monroe,
chief operating officer; Stan Goldman, Amy Michelle Gross, and Michael
Kesselman, program directors; Ted Gross, program director, Weinberg Fellows
Program.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 7, 2015 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Treasury Auctions Set for This Week

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 633 words


The Treasury's schedule of financing this week includes Monday's regular weekly
auction of new three- and six-month bills and an auction of four-week bills on
Tuesday.

At the close of the New York cash market on Friday, the rate on the outstanding
three-month bill was 0.22 percent. The rate on the six-month issue was 0.48
percent, and the rate on the four-week issue was 0.18 percent.

The following tax-exempt fixed-income issues are scheduled for pricing this
week:

MONDAY

King County, Wash., $175.7 million of general obligation bonds. Competitive.

TUESDAY

Chandler, Ariz., $70 million of revenue bonds. Competitive.

Hempstead, N.Y., $67.1 million of general obligation bonds. Competitive.

Las Vegas, $164.4 million of general obligation bonds. Competitive.

New York State Urban Development Corporation, $1.14 billion of revenue bonds.
Competitive.

Newport News, Va., $53.4 million of general obligation bonds. Competitive.

Puyallup School District, Wash., $70.5 million of general obligation bonds.
Competitive.

WEDNESDAY

Clemson University, S.C., $191 million of higher education revenue bonds.
Competitive.

ONE DAY DURING THE WEEK

Brighton School District, Colo., $160 million of general obligation bonds. RBC
Capital Markets.

Clayton, N.M., $57.3 million of jail project improvement and refinancing revenue
bonds. RBC Capital Markets.

Columbus, Ohio, $155 million of sewerage system revenue refinancing bonds. Bank
of America.

Cuyahoga County, Ohio, $60.5 million of excise tax revenue bonds. KeyBanc
Capital Markets.

Fulton County, Ga., Development Authority, $51.5 million of arts center project
revenue bonds. Wells Fargo Securities.

Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia, $200 million of bonds. Wells Fargo
Securities.

Hartnell Community College District, Calif., $88.9 million of general obligation
refinancing bonds. Morgan Stanley.

Illinois State Toll Highway Authority, $340 million of revenue bonds. RBC
Capital Markets.

Indiana Municipal Power Agency, $385 million of power supply system revenue
bonds. Citigroup Global Markets.

Kaweah Delta Health Care District, Calif., $97 million of debt securities. Wells
Fargo Securities.

Missouri Environmental Improvement and Energy Resources Authority, $106.1
million of refinancing revenue bonds. Jefferies.

Metropolitan Nashville Airport Authority, $197 million of debt securities.
Raymond James.

New Haven, $53.8 million of general obligation refinancing bonds. Piper Jaffray.

New Jersey Health Care Facilities Financing Authority, $266.7 million of revenue
and refunding bonds. Morgan Stanley.

New York City Housing Development Corporation, $180.7 million of multifamily
housing revenue bonds. J. P. Morgan Securities.

New York City Housing Development Corporation, $197.3 million of multifamily
housing revenue bonds. Wells Fargo Securities.

New York State Housing Finance Agency, $145 million of affordable housing
revenue bonds. Citigroup Global Markets.

Northwest Local School District, Ohio, $66.8 million of school improvement
general obligation bonds. RBC Capital Markets.

Park Creek, Colo., Metropolitan District, $252.7 million of revenue refinancing
bonds. RBC Capital Markets.

Phoenix Industrial Development Authority, $84.7 million of revenue bonds. RBC
Capital Markets.

Shreveport, La., $120 million of water and sewer system revenue and refinancing
bonds. Siebert Brandford Shank.

Water Replenishment District of Southern California, $160 million of debt
securities. Wells Fargo Securities.

Southwestern Illinois Development Authority, $50.8 million of revenue bonds. RBC
Capital Markets.

Union County, N.C., $50 million of general obligation bonds. PNC Capital
Markets.

Virgin Islands Public Finance Authority, $91.2 million of grant anticipation
revenue bonds. Jefferies.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/07/business/treasury-auctions-set-for-the-week-of
-dec-07.html

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             July 13, 2006 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Daily Briefing

BYLINE: From Staff and News Services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 2460 words


AUTOMOTIVE: Unions object to bonuses at Delphi

Delphi Corp. unions on Wednesday asked a bankruptcy judge to reject a $60
million-a-year executive bonus program at a time when the auto parts supplier is
moving forward on attrition programs offered to more than 30,000 union
employees. In its objection, filed Wednesday, the International Union of
Electronic Workers-Communications Workers of America said extension of the
annual incentive program for senior executives "will anger, humiliate and
alienate 34,000 Delphi represented workers and interfere with their unions
having any reasonable chance to negotiate modifications in their collective
bargaining agreements." The IUE-CWA, Delphi's second-largest union, was joined
by four others.

CORPORATIONS: AGL names chief for foundation

AGL Resources has named a new president of its foundation. The Atlanta energy
company said Wednesday that Melanie Platt, currently human resources chief, will
also become president of AGL Resources Foundation. Platt is an 11-year veteran
of the company. In her role as president of the company's foundation, she will
direct philanthropy, community affairs and volunteer services. In the foundation
role, Platt replaces Harriette Watkins, who recently announced her retirement.

DEALS: Judge to review telecom mergers

U.S. District Judge Emmet Sullivan on Wednesday vowed to conduct a full and
independent review of Justice Department antitrust consent decrees allowing the
mergers of AT&T with SBC Communications and Verizon Communications with MCI. The
judge is conducting a routine review of agreements Justice officials reach with
merging companies that typically require the sale of some assets to address
anti-competitive concerns. The agreements are negotiated between the government
and companies and avoid litigation over mergers. Straightforward federal court
approval of the agreements has been routine, but Sullivan is considering whether
a 2004 change in the review laws gives him leeway to more closely scrutinize the
agreements. Sullivan said he may require additional evidentiary hearings and
call in independent expert witnesses and government officials who initially
scrutinized the deal.

Security company CipherTrust sold

Alpharetta-based CipherTrust, a privately held messaging security firm, this
week agreed to be acquired for $273.6 million. The buyer is a network security
firm, Secure Computing, based in San Jose, Calif. The purchase price includes
$185 million in cash, 10 million shares of Secure Computing stock and a $10
million seller note tied to certain performance obligations. CipherTrust
shareholders will own about 14 percent of Secure Computing after the deal is
completed Sept. 8.

Entergy to buy Mich. nuclear plant

New Orleans --- Utility holding company Entergy Corp. said Wednesday it will buy
a 798-megawatt nuclear plant in Michigan from Consumers Energy for $380 million.
Entergy currently owns 10 nuclear generating plants and manages another.
Consumers Energy, the principal subsidiary of Jackson, Mich.-based CMS Energy
Corp., will buy all of the Palisades Nuclear Plant's power output for 15 years,
Entergy said. Entergy said the price includes $242 million for the physical
plant near South Haven, Mich., $83 million in nuclear fuel based on the current
market price and $55 million in related assets. As part of the deal, Entergy
also said it will assume responsibility for the eventual decommissioning of the
plant, with Consumers Energy retaining $200 million of the $555 million set
aside for the plant's shutdown.

ECONOMY: Tycoons go off to Idaho retreat

Sun Valley, Idaho --- For most of the year, Idaho is known more for potatoes
than its financial firepower. But for a few days each summer, the state gives
Wall Street a run for its money as the nation's capital of capitalism, thanks to
a crop of billionaires who jet in from all over the country to attend a media
and technology summit held at an exclusive mountain resort. This year's powwow,
which began Wednesday with a series of closed-door meetings, is expected to
attract 18 billionaires with a combined net worth of $140 billion --- exceeding
the individual gross domestic products of more than 170 countries, including
Morocco, Singapore and New Zealand. Virtually all of the other 200 or so guests
invited by investment banker Herb Allen are multimillionaires.

FINANCE: Heritage Bank parent's profit rises

CCF Holding Co., parent to Jonesboro-based Heritage Bank, said second-quarter
profit jumped 63 percent. The company, which has operations in Clayton, Fayette
and Henry counties, said it made a profit of $1.3 million, or 55 cents per
share, in the quarter ended June 30, compared with $820,000, or 44 cents per
share, in the year-ago quarter. The company has assets of $408.5 million.

FOOD / BEVERAGES: Campbell Soup sells British, Irish brands

London --- Premier Foods PLC is buying the British and Irish businesses of
U.S.-based Campbell Soup Co. for about $845 million, strengthening its stable of
branded goods. Premier already owns brand names such as Ambrosia, Branston and
Quorn, and the Campbell deal will add Homepride sauces, OXO dry stocks and
Batchelors dry soup and meals. The businesses Premier is adding have annual
sales of approximately $480 million. "The Campbell's U.K. business fits Premier
like a glove," Premier Chief Executive Robert Schofield said. "This acquisition
will bring an excellent portfolio of powerful and iconic brands which we intend
to drive forward with increased resource and innovation."

McDonald's yanks spicy chicken item

Some like it hot --- but apparently not at McDonald's. The fast-food chain
confirmed Wednesday it is taking its spicy chicken sandwich off the menu less
than six months after its heavily marketed debut, reflecting disappointing
sales. McDonald's Corp. called the Hot 'n' Spicy McChicken its spiciest item
ever when it introduced it to its 13,700 U.S. restaurants in January and said it
reflected changing consumer tastes. Its launch followed the success of a spicy
chicken sandwich at rival Wendy's. But company spokesman Bill Whitman said
Wednesday that the results from a half-year in the restaurants "does not meet
those hurdles that we have for products to stay on our core menu." He said the
sandwich, which is still available in some markets, would be brought back
periodically as a promotional item, citing its following among some. Another
chicken product will replace spicy chicken: snack wraps --- chicken, cheese and
other ingredients wrapped in a tortilla.

HEALTH CARE: Top VA official to join HCA chain

The top veterans affairs official in charge of health care is leaving for a job
in the private sector, the department said Wednesday. Jonathan Perlin, the VA's
undersecretary for health, will step down on Aug. 11. Perlin, who has been with
the VA since 1999 and has held the top health post since 2004, will become a
senior vice president and chief medical officer at Nashville-based HCA Inc. "Jon
Perlin's dedicated service to our nation's veterans is evidenced by the fact
that VA's health care is now widely recognized as a model for safety,
efficiency, effectiveness and compassion," said VA Secretary Jim Nicholson. An
HCA spokesman said Wednesday that Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, whose
family founded HCA, didn't recommend Perlin.

MANUFACTURING: Boeing projects plenty of demand

Seattle --- Boeing Co. is projecting airlines will need $2.6 trillion worth of
new commercial jets over the next 20 years, enough to double the worldwide fleet
of passenger and cargo planes to nearly 36,000 by 2025. In its latest market
forecast, the Chicago-based jet maker said Wednesday that most new planes will
be single-aisle and twin-aisle models seating 100 to 400 passengers. While the
Asia-Pacific region will drive much of that demand, North America will remain
the world's largest market for new planes as airlines update their aging fleets.
Because fuel costs have risen sharply, Boeing now predicts airlines will retire
and replace about 1,400 more planes with more fuel-efficient models than it had
previously predicted, Randy Baseler, vice president of marketing for Boeing's
commercial airplanes division, said in a conference call with reporters.

MARKETS: Behrman Capital sells stake in firm

Private-equity firm Behrman Capital LP said Wednesday it has sold portfolio
company Tandem Healthcare to JER Partners and Formation Capital Corp. for $620
million. Behrman Capital, based in New York and San Francisco, first invested in
Tandem Healthcare in 1998 when the company owned just six long-term care
facilities in Florida and Pennsylvania. It now owns or manages 77 facilities
across 12 states and has diversified into ancillary services such as mobile
diagnostic imaging and pharmacy and hospice services. "Annual revenue has grown
from $25 million to some $600 million and as a result of the sale Behrman
Capital will receive a $282 million return on its total $77.5 million equity
investment," Managing Partner Grant Behrman said in an interview.

MEDIA: Gannett's profit decreases 8.3%

Gannett Co., the largest newspaper publisher in the country, reported an 8.3
percent decline in second-quarter earnings Wednesday on stock compensation
expenses, softness at papers it owns in Britain and higher costs for newsprint
and interest payments. Gannett, which publishes 90 daily newspapers in the
United States including USA Today, earned $310.5 million in the 13 weeks ending
June 25, down from $338.6 million in the comparable period a year ago. The
company earned $1.31 per share, in line with the estimates of analysts polled by
Thomson Financial and below the $1.37 reported a year ago. The most recent
results include 3 cents per share in stock-based compensation expenses, which
the company began recording this year in line with new accounting rules. Also,
excluding discontinued operations, the year-ago earnings came in at $1.34.

REGULATION: Senate pursues deal on offshore drilling

Senate leaders produced a compromise on offshore oil and gas drilling Wednesday
that they hoped would satisfy lawmakers in Florida and other coastal areas. The
deal would limit new offshore development --- outside the central and western
Gulf of Mexico --- to an area of the eastern Gulf known as Lease Area 181 and
protect waters within 125 miles of the Florida coast. To gain support from
states that already allow offshore oil and gas development --- Texas, Louisiana,
Mississippi and Alabama --- it would substantially increase the royalty revenue
that would be funneled to those states. This "will protect our shoreline," said
Sen. Mel Martinez (R-Fla.), who negotiated the compromise with GOP leaders and
insisted that protection be extended to at least 125 miles off Florida's shore.
But Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.) said he's not yet convinced and still held open
the possibility he would filibuster the legislation.

RETAIL: Citgo to drop 1,800 independent outlets

Caracas, Venezuela --- Citgo Petroleum Corp. has decided to stop distributing
gasoline to 1,800 independently owned U.S. stations, shedding a lackluster
segment of its business. While it may create some logistical headaches in the
short term, the move should not have any impact on the nation's overall fuel
supply. Citgo, which is wholly owned by Venezuela's state oil company, currently
has to purchase 130,000 barrels a day from third parties in order to meet its
service contracts at 13,100 Citgo-branded stations.

TECHNOLOGY: Acquisition of Serologicals OK'd

Shareholders of Norcross-based Serologicals on Wednesday approved the
acquisition of the company by Millipore for $1.4 billion in cash and assumed
debt. Serologicals, which employs about 1,000 people worldwide, provides
products and technologies for the research, development and manufacture of
biologically based life sciences products. Millipore, based in Billerica, Mass.,
is a maker of laboratory equipment and filters for researchers. The two
companies announced merger plans in April.

TRANSPORTATION: Expert defends Comair labor stance

White Plains, N.Y. --- An airline labor expert said Delta subsidiary Comair pays
flight attendants higher wages and retirement benefits but has less flexibility
to utilize them, in a hearing to decide whether a bankruptcy judge will allow
the company to throw out a contract with the attendants. The hearing is
scheduled to continue Friday. The request by Comair to void the labor agreement
is its second. Judge Adlai Hardin of the Southern District of New York rejected
the first one in April, citing lack of negotiating flexibility on the company's
part. A deal with Comair flight attendants is the last labor pact Delta,
restructuring in Chapter 11, needs to finish cost-cutting deals with all major
labor groups. Jerrold Glass, president of consulting firm F&H Solutions Group,
said the regional subsidiary is worse off than 12 other regional airlines he
studied to compare productivity of Comair flight attendants to their
counterparts. Glass added that even after reductions outlined in Comair's latest
concessions proposal, the wages would be higher than average for regional
carriers.

Fire on UPS plane subject of hearing

Did laptop batteries aboard a UPS cargo plane catch fire, causing it to ignite
into flames? The National Transportation Safety Board began looking into the
question at a hearing Wednesday. All three crew members on the plane were
treated for minor injuries after it made an emergency landing shortly after
midnight Feb. 8 at the Philadelphia airport. The crew declared an emergency on
approach into Philadelphia. Fire and rescue crews met the four-engine jet, a
DC-8 that originated in Atlanta, when it touched down shortly after midnight.
Firefighters said the blaze was under control about four hours later, although
the charred plane smoldered for hours. Several other incidents have occurred in
recent years in which lithium batteries --- used in laptops and cellphones ---
have caught fire aboard airplanes.

International flights on sale at Delta

Delta Air Lines says it is cutting fares to some international destinations for
fall and winter travel. The lowest round-trip sale fares from Atlanta include
London for $398; Rome for $618; and Kingston, Jamaica, for $298, among others.
Additional fees and taxes apply, Delta said. Travel dates vary by region and
generally exclude the Christmas-New Year's holiday period, Delta said.
Reservations must be made by July 28, and the lowest prices are available at
Delta's Web site or through travel agents, with extra fees for other booking
methods. Fall sales are common as airlines try to stimulate bookings after the
busy summer season. Delta also has staked part of its Chapter 11 restructuring
effort on a shift toward more international flying.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                             April 26, 2004, Monday

KeyBank to buy Sterling Bank's Michigan branches

SECTION: Pg. 34

LENGTH: 1021 words


KeyBank N.A. in Ann Arbor has signed a purchase agreement to acquire the
Michigan offices and deposits of Southfield-based Sterling Bank & Trust FSB for
an undisclosed amount. The deal is pending federal and state banking regulator
approval, but KeyBank said it expects it to close in the third quarter. When
complete, the acquisition will add 11 offices to KeyBank's 21 in Southeast
Michigan and approximately $380 million to the KeyCorp subsidiary's total
Michigan deposits of $680 million.

St. John conversion to create medical village

St. John Health in Warren announced plans to transform its NorthEast Hospital
campus in Detroit into a health care campus. Conner Creek Village, as the campus
on Van Dyke Avenue and East Outer Drive is to be renamed, will concentrate on
primary care and chronic-disease management, while providing job training,
career development, preventive health care and housing to residents of metro
Detroit. St. John President and CEO Elliot Joseph said the estimated $30 million
initial capital investment for the 20-acre campus would be a partnership
investment. St. John is negotiating with outside groups to contribute capital.

Briefly

* The University of Michigan Depression Center announced a $10 million gift from
Edwin and Rachel Meader, the Kalamazoo couple who also gave $8 million to UM's
Kelsey Museum of Archeology for a new exhibit wing.

* Southfield-based DSSI L.L.C. was awarded a three-year, $60 million agreement
with Rochester Hills-based Dura Automotive Systems Inc. Under terms of the deal,
announced April 14, DSSI's e-procurement and buying systems will be installed to
centralize and consolidate Dura's indirect spending across the company and with
other companies.

* General Motors Corp. fired two of the three companies that run its OnStar call
centers, including long-time partner EDS Inc., and replaced them with
Cincinnati-based Convergys Inc., Automotive News reported. No reason was given
for the change, which is effective in late June. The decision potentially
affects about 600 employees in Troy and 1,000 at a center in Charlotte, N.C.,
operated by Sitel Inc. Although it lost the call-center contract, EDS will
continue to provide data-application services to OnStar, he said.

* Northwest Airlines Corp. reported an increase in revenue for the first quarter
of this year, but still posted a loss because of cost issues, such as fuel
prices being at their highest level in 20 years. The company (Nasdaq: NWAC)
reported a loss of $230 million or $2.67 a share on revenue of $2.6 billion for
the quarter ending March 31. The results were slightly better than those for the
year-ago period, which saw Northwest reporting a loss of $396 million or $4.62
on revenue of $2.4 billion.

* Oakland University has received a $7 million gift from the Matilda R. Wilson
Fund, a charitable trust Matilda Dodge Wilson established in 1944, to help
repair and restore her former home, Meadow Brook Hall.

* Anne Parsons, former general manager of the New York City Ballet, will become
the new executive director of the Detroit Symphony Orchestra in July.

* Novi-based Childtime Learning Centers Inc. has awarded a $4 million contract
to AT&T, which will install a new network for Childtime's 340 locations. AT&T
replaces MCI.

* Unemployment rates in Southeast Michigan's two primary labor markets increased
from February to March, according to the Michigan Department of Labor and
Economic Growth. The Detroit metropolitan statistical area, which encompasses
Wayne, Oakland, Macomb, Monroe, Lapeer and St. Clair counties, rose from a rate
of 7.2 percent in February to 7.6 percent in March. The March rate is also
higher than the year-ago level of 7.4 percent. The Ann Arbor area's jobless rate
rose from 4.1 percent in February to 4.4 percent in March. That's even with the
year-ago rate of 4.4 percent.

Other news

* Clinton Township-based Emergency Management Health System was sentenced to pay
$57,609.40 to Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan in connection with overcharging
the company for work done at Bon Secours Hospital in Grosse Pointe, the Detroit
Free Press reported.

* Don Barden filed for four thoroughbred racetrack licenses, including one for
the largely vacant northeastern part of Eastern Market, the Detroit Free Press
reported. Barden's applications, which he said would go forward only if state
legislators approve slot machines at state tracks, bring to eight the number of
track applications pending for two licenses in metro Detroit.

* The city of Rochester Hills will vote again on whether to allow a brownfield
development plan for a large project near M-59 and Adams Road. The city
rescinded approval of a brownfield plan for the Madison Park project at its
meeting last week and set a public hearing on the matter for May 19. Madison
Park is a 2 million-square-foot office and retail project planned by Real Estate
Interests Group Inc.

* A federal judge in Chicago dismissed a lawsuit filed by Kmart Holding Corp.
that claimed hundreds of towns, cities and counties nationwide overcharged the
discount retailer an estimated $8.6 million in property taxes, the Associate
Press reported.

* The Royal Oak City Commission voted to accept a temporary $100,000 bond while
a fire-prevention system is being installed at the Royal Oak Music Theatre,
which hopes to reopen in a few months, the Detroit Free Press reported.

Obituaries

* Charles Brown, a lawyer who once served as a legislative aide to Rep. John
Dingell, D-Mich., died of cancer April 10. He was 82.

* John Henry, former advertising executive with Manus, Johns and Adams and Young
& Rubicam, died of complications of Alzheimer's disease April 14. He was 88.

* Margaret Cronyn, former editor of the Michigan Catholic, died of congestive
heart failure April 17. She was 85.

* William O'Brien, founder of Civic Searchlight, died of cancer April 20. He was
84.

* Robert Damman, former president of the Damman Hardware chain and founder of
Damman Palms Realty in Grosse Pointe, died of complications from Parkinson's
disease April 22. He was 84.


LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Parsons

                   Copyright 2004 Crain Communications, Inc.


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                              June 2, 2008 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Kudos

BYLINE: Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Keeping Track; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 578  words


Students from West Vancouver's Pauline Johnson Elementary School were among
seven BC schools that benefitted from RBC Foundation's $35,000 contribution to
Canadian National Marsville Link-Up Day. Hosted by H.R. MacMillan Space Centre
Canadian National Marsville is a cross-country and cross-curricular program
where students plan a mission to Mars.

Each year the Real Estate Board of Greater Vancouver creates a promotional
calendar in partnership with Teldon Marketing and donates a portion of the sale
proceeds to Covenant House. This year $7,443 was raised for the homeless youth
shelter.

During Nursing Week Providence Health Care celebrated the achievements of the
nursing profession and the nurses who work there, and 23 of them received awards
from the Canadian Nurses Association, College of Registered Nurses of B.C.,
College of Registered Psychiatric Nurses of BC and the Ministry of Health and
Health Authorities.

The BC Society of Landscape Architects honoured some of BC's best citizens at
their annual awards dinner they are James Evans, Victoria Park Neighbourhood
Group, Jericho Stewardship Group, T. Moscone & Bros. Landscaping Ltd., Cynthia
Girling, Jay Lazzarin, Teri Cantin, and Nancy McLean.

Coast Capital Savings received both the 2008 Community Economic Development
Award and the prestigious National Credit Union Innovation Award from Credit
Union Central of Canada.

At the annual Firefighters Ball the Burnaby Firefighters Charitable Society
donated $10,000 towards the Magnetic Resonance Imaging campaign at Burnaby
Hospital.

The Grade 7 class at Queen Alexandra school received $2000 from Pacific Gateway
Branch of Foresters to help fund their play, Welcome to My Life. The play
addressed issues of bullying, eating disorders, family violence, poverty, and
was written by the students and performed by students, teachers and family
members.

Diaset Products Ltd. of Delta won the gold medal at this years Promotional
Products Professionals of Canada Image award ceremony. The company manufactures
diamond drill bits for mineral exploration.

Kwantlen University College business student Inderpal Gill approached members of
his local Sikh community to raise $10,000 for the Sri Guru Granth Sahib
Scholarship fund for students who dedicate their time to volunteer for
charitable organizations.

The Canucks for Kids Fund has provided $30,000 to the YWCA Emma's program. The
program provides on-site child care services for at-risk, low-income teenage
mothers who are finishing their high school education at Sir Charles Tupper
Secondary School.

Kin's Farm Market and it's staff have donated $23,871 towards World Vision's
relief efforts for quake victims in China.

Simba Technologies Inc., has raised $4,200 through it's World Partnership Walk
2008 to combat global poverty. The annual event is a non-profit volunteer lead
initiative of the Aga Khan Foundation Canada.

RBC Foundation has provided funds to New Westminster community programs run by
Family Services of Greater Vancouver. The $5,000 contribution will benefit the
agency's counselling program, as well as 'Sharing Insights on Emotional
Well-Being', a support service for local seniors.

Local boutique Gumdrops is the winner of the 11th annual Achievement in new
Retail Concepts award. Cadillac Fairview Corporation Limited presented owner
Shanda Jerrett with the $50,000 prize.

Gateway Casinos has donated $5,000 to the Because Life Can't Wait Magnetic
Resonance Imaging Campaign at Burnaby Hospital.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Kin's Farm Market donates to earthquake victims through World Vision. ;
Colour Photo: Providence Health Care's registered nurses receive awards of
excellence from the College of Registered Nurses of B.C. (from left to right)
Leah Shapera, Sandra Bazley, Louise Malysh and Carol Galte. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 1997 Saint Louis University School of Law
                       Saint Louis University Law Journal

                                  Summer, 1997

                             41 St. Louis L.J. 891

LENGTH: 12125 words

SYMPOSIUM: PROVIDER DESELECTION AND DECAPITATION IN A CHANGING HEALTHCARE
ENVIRONMENT

NAME: Mark A. Kadzielski*

BIO: * Mark Kadzielski, Esq., is the Partner-in-Charge of the West Coast Health
Law Practice at Epstein Becker & Green in Los Angeles. He received his J.D. from
the University of Pennsylvania in 1976 and is a nationally noted speaker and
author on health law. This is an expanded version of a presentation made by the
author at the Saint Louis University 1996 Health Law Symposium. The author
wishes to acknowledge the consideration of Elona I. Kogan, Esq. an associate at
Epstein Becker & Green, in the preparation of this article.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  However, a few recent judicial opinions have indicated that providers may
be entitled to fair procedure upon termination. ...  In the health care arena,
fair procedure is a concept that requires an organization to provide its members
with certain procedural rights such as notice and an opportunity to be heard
prior to restricting or terminating its members' rights. ...  Although the right
to fair procedure in California has been long established in the context of
hospitals and professional societies, the application of fair procedure
principles to other health care entities is novel. ...  Accordingly, it noted
that "as the largest dental health plan in California," Delta Dental "controls
an important economic interest," and that therefore the fee modifications
implicated the right to fair procedure. ...  Any contractual provision to the
contrary is null and void in California. ...  If enacted, this legislation, like
most anti-gag rule legislation, would prohibit the inclusion of contractual
limitations on the information a health care provider could disclose to patients
regarding care such as treatment options. ...  For example, anti-gag rule
legislation may only prohibit health care delivery systems from limiting
physician-patient discussion of experimental treatment. ...

TEXT:
 [*891]


   I.

Selection


   A.

Introduction

 The underpinnings of a health care delivery system's selection and deselection
processes often emerge from a health care delivery system's credentialing
mechanisms. Over the years, the selection of providers has, for the most part,
been defined by federal and state law and accreditation agencies. While the
methods associated with selecting providers through credentialing processes have
been defined, problems of selection arise when health care delivery systems fail
to mold credentialing mechanisms to the specific needs of the health care
delivery system, fail to document the credentialing mechanisms chosen, and fail
to uniformly apply such documented system-specific credentialing mechanisms.


   B.

Selection Through Credentialing

 The selection of providers is generally based upon documentation and
verification of a provider's current credentials, including a license to
practice within the state, a drug enforcement agency certificate for providers
who have prescription-writing privileges, malpractice insurance, references,
board certification, and other credentials that may be required by the health
care delivery system at which the provider is undergoing the selection process.
Such credentialing entails the gathering and processing of information, which
are necessary prerequisites to the provision of the privilege to practice
medicine. The guidelines dictating the manner and method through which the
gathering and processing of such information is accomplished, as well as the
frequency with which credentialing must be performed, can usually be found
[*892]  in accreditation standards.


   1.

Accreditation Agencies

 The Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations ("JCAHO")
defines credentialing as:



   The processing [sic] of assessing and validating the qualifications of a
licensed independent practitioner to provide patient care services in a
hospital... The credentialing process is the basis for making appointments to
the medical staff, and it also provides information for the process of granting
clinical privileges to all licensed independent practitioners in the hospital.
n1

 The JCAHO standards also require that the mechanisms for appointment or
reappointment of providers to the medical staff, and the initial granting and
renewal or revision of clinical privileges, be "fully documented in the medical
staff bylaws, rules and regulations, and policies...."  n2

    Outside of the hospital context, similar standards exist for managed care
organizations ("MCOs") and ambulatory surgery centers ("ASCs") through
accrediting bodies such as the National Committee for Quality Assurance ("NCQA")
and the Accreditation Association for Ambulatory Health Care ("AAAHC"), as well
as a number of others. The NCQA defines credentialing as "the process by which
the managed care organization authorizes, contracts with, or employs clinicians
who are licensed to practice independently, to provide services to its members."
n3 Also, like the JCAHO, the NCQA requires that "the managed care organization
[have] written policies and procedures for the credentialing process that
include the original credentialing, recredentialing, recertification, and/or
reappointment of physicians and other licensed independent practitioners who
fall under its scope of authority and action."  n4

    Accreditation standards, less so than federal and state law, are subject to
frequent changes. For example, the 1997 NCQA Draft Standards For Accreditation
indicate that CR 1.0 will be amended to provide, in pertinent part:



   the managed care organization documents the mechanism for the credentialing
and recredentialing of MDs, DOs, DDSs, DPMs, and DCs with whom it contracts or
employs who treat members outside the inpatient setting and who fall under its
scope of authority and action.

 Notwithstanding the rather frequent changes with which all accreditation [*893]
standards are plagued, health care delivery systems must be aware of, and
strictly comply with, such standards to avoid endangering their accreditation
status. Loss of accreditation status will have significant negative
repercussions for the system and its employees, physicians and patients.
Vigilant compliance with and adherence to rapidly changing accreditation
standards can minimize liability associated with determinations regarding the
selection of providers.


   2.

Federal & State Law

 For the most part, selection is accomplished through credentialing. Federal and
state law contain provisions governing credentialing. For example, the Medicare
Conditions of Participation For Hospitals provide that "the medical staff must
examine credentials of candidates for medical staff membership ...."  n5 The
Medicare Conditions of Participation For Hospitals also require the collection
of credentialing information for purposes of reappointment to the medical staff.
n6 The Medicare Conditions of Participation for Long Term Care Facilities
provide that "professional program staff must be licensed, certified, or
registered, as applicable, to provide professional services...."  n7 The
Conditions of Participation for Home Health Agencies provide that "personnel
practices...are supported by appropriate, written personnel policies. Personnel
records include qualifications and licensure that are kept current."  n8 The
Medicare Conditions of Participation For Comprehensive Outpatient Rehabilitation
Facilities provide that "personnel that provide service must be licensed,
certified, or registered in accordance with applicable State and local laws."
n9

    Health care delivery systems must comport not only with federal law, but
also with state requirements governing the credentialing of providers. Although
laws governing peer review vary from state to state, most states require health
care delivery systems to credential their physicians before granting them
clinical privileges. Any state law can be more stringent than its federal
counterpart.

    Examples of legal provisions common to different states are that providers
be credentialed and recredentialed periodically and that the criteria governing
credentialing be documented. In California, regulations governing hospitals
provide that "all members of the [hospital] medical staff [are] required to
demonstrate their ability to perform surgical and/or other procedures
competently and to the satisfaction of an appropriate committee...at the time of
original application for appointment to the staff and at least every two years
[*894]  thereafter."  n10 In addition to the benefit of complying with
applicable laws, documentation of credentialing criteria can simplify the
selection process.

    Documentation of credentialing criteria should not, however, happen
haphazardly or after the fact. Credentialing criteria must be reviewed by
committees and/or bodies that are responsible for establishing credentialing
criteria such as a credentialing committee, an executive committee and the
governing body. All too often, the development of criteria is left to the last
minute. The importance of having oversight and input, as well as approval, from
leadership such as the executive committee and the governing body, is vital to
minimize legal liability associated with the selection and deselection of
physicians.


   3.

Negligent Credentialing

 Traditionally, hospitals have been entrusted with the responsibility of
properly and thoroughly credentialing physicians. Courts began to hold hospitals
liable for negligent credentialing in 1965. In the seminal case of Darling vs.
Charleston Community Memorial Hospital,  n11 the Supreme Court of Illinois held
that the hospital had an independent duty to ensure that quality care was
rendered and found the hospital liable for negligently screening the competency
of its medical staff. Currently, twenty-two states have adopted some form of the
hospital corporate liability theory and provide some legal relief for the tort
of negligent credentialing or supervision of medical staff members.  n12  [*895]

    With the advent of managed care and the emergence of new types of health
care delivery systems, the theory of corporate liability has been steadily
expanded to apply to MCOs. McClellan v. Health Maintenance Organization of
Pennsylvania,  n13 and Harrell v. Total Health Care  n14 are two cases that have
developed the theory of corporate negligence in the context of managed care.
Cases such as these make proper credentialing increasingly important.

   a.

Harrell v. Total Health Care

 Harrell is a landmark case in the application of the corporate liability theory
to MCOs. The plaintiff in this case was a member of the defendant HMO Total
Health Care, who was referred to one of the HMO's urologists by her HMO primary
care physician. The urologist injured the plaintiff while performing urological
surgery. Subsequently, the plaintiff brought suit, contending that the HMO
should be liable for its specialist's negligence based on a theory of negligent
selection.  n15

    Prior to permitting the urologist to be a plan provider, the HMO
credentialed him in accordance with its credentialing plan.  n16 Total Health
Care's credentialing plan for primary care physicians differed from the
credentialing plan for specialists. The credentialing of primary care physicians
was performed by a committee of six physicians who not only reviewed provider
applications, but also inquired into any unusual feature of the physician's
application. Additional credentialing was further performed for each HMO primary
care physician when the primary care physician admitted his or her first HMO
patient to the hospital.  n17 In contrast, the credentialing of specialists was
performed by a three-member "Provider Professional Relations Committee," which
simply determined whether the specialist was licensed to practice medicine,
whether he or she had admitting privileges to hospitals, and whether the
physician could dispense narcotics. No other credentialing procedures were
required or performed in the credentialing of specialists.  n18

    Although the Harrell court determined that a Missouri statute insulating
"health services corporations" from medical negligence liability extended to the
defendant HMO,  n19 the Missouri Court of Appeals clearly conveyed that the
[*896]  defendant would otherwise have been found to be liable for negligently
credentialing its physicians.  n20 The court unequivocally communicated that
HMOs have a duty to their members to ensure that HMO physicians are competent
and capable of providing care that meets community standards.  n21 Under the
appellate court's reasoning, therefore, MCOs could be held liable for the
negligent credentialing of physicians, just as hospitals could be.

   b.

McClellan v. Health Maintenance Organization of Pennsylvania

 McClellan also involved a claim of negligent selection against an HMO.
Plaintiff was the husband of a deceased member of the defendant HMO. After
noticing that a mole on her back changed in size and color, the decedent had
sought medical treatment from her HMO primary care physician. The HMO physician
failed to order a biopsy or a histological examination of the mole tissue.  n22
Thereafter, Mrs. McClellan died and her husband brought an action against the
HMO alleging negligent selection. The McClellan court declined "to extend the
theory of corporate negligence...to find that [] HMOs have a nondelegable duty
to select and retain only competent primary care physicians."  n23 Instead, the
court wrote that plaintiffs can state a cause of action against an HMO for the
negligent selection and retention of a physician based on Section 323 of the
Second Restatement of Torts, which provides that "one who undertakes...to render
services to another... is subject to liability to the other for physical harm
resulting from his failure to exercise reasonable care ...."  n24

    Describing the factual allegations that must be contained in a complaint
sufficient to state a cause of action against an IPA model HMO under Section
323, the court wrote that the factual allegations must reflect "that the HMO
failed to exercise reasonable care in selecting, retaining and/or evaluating the
plaintiff's primary care physician...."  n25 Thus, McClellan indicates that it
is essential for MCOs to carefully credential physicians.

   C.

Conclusion

 Based on Darling, Elam,  n26 Harrell and McClellan, it is clear that MCOs, like
hospitals, may have a legal obligation to properly, thoroughly and uniformly
credential their primary care physicians and specialists. At a minimum,
credentialing should include the careful evaluation of a physician's [*897]
credentials including, at a minimum, current competence, licensure, malpractice
history, prescription-writing privileges, and a reference check. In light of
Harrell, it may also be wise for MCOs to maintain identical credentialing
procedures for primary care physicians and specialists. (Uniform application of
credentialing criteria without nepotism, cronyism or economic concerns also
ensures fairness in the selection process.) The failure to credential physicians
with due care is likely to result in liability under a theory of negligent
selection, Section 323 of the Restatement of Torts, a violation of public
policy, or other theories that may be pursued by creative plaintiffs.
Accordingly, regardless of the theory, courts appear willing to charge MCOs with
the responsibility for proper, thorough and uniform credentialing.

   II.

The Deselection Dilemma

 Although the term "deselection" is commonly used by many associated with health
care, it has yet to be defined in a dictionary, judicial opinion, or legislative
material. The failure to define "deselection" may be due to the complexity of
the issues surrounding deselection, or due to mere oversight. Nevertheless,
deselection will be defined for the purposes of this paper as either the (1)
revocation or termination of a provider's membership in a medical or
professional organization in which a provider has an economic interest, or (2)
termination of a contractual relationship with a provider, payor, hospital or
other healthcare entity. The term also will be used to describe the foreclosure
of opportunities to participate in such arrangements by the denial of initial
access.


   A.

Introduction

 Provider deselection can occur at any time. Depending on the health care
delivery system's credentialing mechanism, deselection can occur as early as the
application stage if the provider fails to meet the prerequisite criteria
necessary to obtain an application for membership. Deselection can also occur as
late as the final approval of the application by the governing body of the
health care delivery system. Examples of deselection include contractual
terminations for cause, as well as the more commonly invoked
terminations-without-cause, the use of economic credentialing, and gag rules.

    Health care entities are increasingly exercising the power to terminate
providers without cause. However, a few recent judicial opinions have indicated
that providers may be entitled to fair procedure upon termination.


   B.

Deselection Through Fair Procedure

 In the health care arena, fair procedure is a concept that requires an
organization to provide its members with certain procedural rights such as
notice and an opportunity to be heard prior to restricting or terminating its
[*898]  members' rights. Rules governing fair procedure may be based on common
law, legislation, or both.

    A great number of states have judicially or legislatively provided
physicians with a right to fair procedure. Common law principles of fair
procedure provide that whenever a private organization is legally required to
refrain from arbitrary action, the organization's action must be both
substantively rational and procedurally fair.  n27 A decision to expel or
exclude an individual is arbitrary if the reason underlying the rejection is
irrational or if the organization has proceeded in an unfair manner.

    California is one state in which the highest court has held that a
physician's privileges cannot be denied for arbitrary reasons.  n28 In
California, the judiciary's development of the common-law right to fair
procedure can be traced back more than a century.  n29 Both substantive and
procedural aspects of an organization's decision are generally reviewed by the
California judiciary in determining whether the organization has observed fair
procedure.  n30 If an organization's decision is contrary to established public
policy,  n31 or is "patently arbitrary and unreasonable,"  n32 a court will
prohibit its enforcement. Outside of California, in states such as Arizona,
membership decisions must also be rendered pursuant to fair procedures and must
comport with substantive and procedural requirements.  n33  [*899]

    In addition to common law fair procedure, the California legislature has
enacted statutes mandating and governing fair procedure. Among other rights,
California statutory law provides physicians with the right to receive notice
and a hearing, to receive all the information available to the trier of fact,
and to call, examine, and cross-examine witnesses when an adverse action against
a physician, dentist, podiatrist, or clinical psychologist is reportable to the
appropriate licensing board.  n34 This statutory scheme expands, but does not
preempt, the common law requirements of fair procedure.

   C.

Delta Dental Plan v. Banasky

 Although the right to fair procedure in California has been long established in
the context of hospitals and professional societies,  n35 the application of
fair procedure principles to other health care entities is novel. In 1994, the
California Court of Appeal rendered an opinion on the application of fair
procedure to the termination of dentists from membership in provider networks.
n36

    Delta Dental, a non-profit corporation, is the largest dental plan in
California, contracting with dentists for the provision of dental services to
approximately eight million enrollees. The plaintiff dentists Charles Banasky
and David G. Van Horn (collectively, the "dentists") and defendant Delta Dental
entered into a contractual relationship whereby the dentists agreed to abide by
Delta Dental's rules and regulations, including an internal administrative
review procedure governing disputes, and to charge Delta Dental their usual,
customary and reasonable fees for dental procedures. When Delta Dental learned
that the dentists were also providing services to a competitor's enrollees at
lower fees, Delta Dental decided to reduce the dentists' fees.

    The dentists challenged Delta Dental's decision and litigation ensued. In
round one, the Superior Court entered summary judgment in favor of the plan,
[*900]  enjoining the dentists from submitting the fee reduction and any matter
related to it to arbitration.  n37 In the second round, the Court of Appeal held
that under the terms of the contract, the issue of usual, customary and
reasonable fees was not subject to arbitration because express language
contained in Delta Dental's rules and regulations excluded fee disputes from
arbitration.  n38

    However, in a key turn of reasoning, the Court of Appeal also held that the
dentists had a common law right to fair procedure, which includes the right to
judicial review of Delta Dental's internal decisions such as prospective fee
disputes and arbitrary terminations.  n39 The court held that fair procedure
rights are equally applicable to fee disputes as providers' terminations.
Further, the court reiterated two earlier courts' holdings that while the
elements of "fair procedure [are] not fixed or judicially prescribed, [] the
basic ingredients include notice and a hearing, even if the rules of the
association make no provision therefor."  n40

    Primarily, the court reached its decision based on the "important economic
interests" test described in Applebaum v. Board of Barton Memorial Hospital.
n41 In Applebaum, the court wrote that "California Courts have long recognized a
common law right to fair procedure protecting individuals from arbitrary
exclusion or expulsion from private organizations which control important
economic interests."  n42 In Applebaum, the court indirectly defined important
economic interests as those interests affecting forty percent of a physician's
income.  n43

    The Delta Dental court clearly believed that the dentists' interests were in
fact substantial. Accordingly, it noted that "as the largest dental health plan
in California," Delta Dental "controls an important economic interest," and that
therefore the fee modifications implicated the right to fair procedure. In this
respect, the magnitude of Delta Dental's reach - eight million enrollees - was
of great significance to the court.


   D.

Ambrosino v. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company

 In Ambrosino v. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company,  n44 Dr. Ambrosino, the
plaintiff podiatrist, was placed on probation for six years by the Board of
[*901]  Podiatric Medicine ("BPM") for a Demerol dependency he had developed
three years earlier and for his conduct during that dependency.  n45 Although
the terms of his probation required strict monitoring and random urine tests,
the probation did not restrict Dr. Ambrosino's right or ability to practice or
to see patients.  n46

    Defendant Metropolitan Life ("MetLife") and Dr. Ambrosino had a contractual
relationship that acknowledged him as an independent contractor, provided for
termination with or without cause upon thirty days' notice, and required
automatic termination if he were "placed on probation, or reprimanded, or fined"
by an agency with disciplinary authority over him.  n47

    Prior to the time that the BPM imposed Dr. Ambrosino's probation, MetLife
learned of the BPM's charges against Dr. Ambrosino and decided to terminate his
contract. However, instead of terminating Dr. Ambrosino's contract "for cause"
under the contractual provision requiring automatic termination in the event of
a disciplinary probation like the BPM action, MetLife terminated his contract
without cause after thirty days' notice. After the termination, Dr. Ambrosino
requested but was refused a pre-termination hearing.  n48

    Although MetLife could have terminated Dr. Ambrosino for cause subject to
their contractual agreement, MetLife opted not to do so. In California, state
law required that the termination of a physician based on a "medical
disciplinary cause or reason" be reported to the licensing board, implicating
statutory fair hearing rights.  n49 Thus, if MetLife terminated Dr. Ambrosino
based on the termination-with-cause provision, it could not have lawfully denied
him a pre-termination hearing.

    Following the Delta Dental court's holding on the issue of fair procedure,
the Ambrosino court concluded that due to the degree of control Metlife had over
Dr. Abrosino's important economic interests, Dr. Ambrosino "had a common law
right to fair procedures, including the right not to be expelled from membership
for reasons which are arbitrary, capricious and/or contrary to public policy."
n50 Prior to his termination, approximately fifteen percent of Dr. Ambrosino's
patients were insured by MetLife. Thus, it was "undisputed that MetLife
controlled substantial economic interests."  n51

    In reaching this conclusion, the Ambrosino court looked to Ascherman v.
[*902]  San Francisco Medical Society for guidance.  n52 In contrast to
Applebaum v. Board of Directors of Barton Memorial Hospital, where the
restriction of plaintiff physician's privileges would have affected forty
percent of the physician's income,  n53 in Ascherman, a loss of only ten percent
of annual income for four years was deemed sufficient to trigger the
requirements of fair procedure.  n54 Ambrosino also followed the Delta Dental
"substantial economic interests" line of reasoning. Although Delta Dental did
not provide guidance regarding what constitutes "substantial economic
interests," the Ambrosino court extrapolated that if fifteen percent of the
plaintiff's patients were insured by the defendant, the plaintiff's economic
interests were substantially implicated.  n55

    However, the Ambrosino court never took into account the size of Metlife as
compared to other health plans in California. Unlike Delta Dental, Metlife may
not have necessarily been the largest medical plan in California. Likewise, the
opinion did not make clear how many lives Metlife covered in the California
market. (Similarly, Delta Dental failed to indicate how many of the eight
million lives it covered were, in fact, assigned to the plaintiff dentists or
could have received treatment from them.)

    If a court follows the reasoning of Ambrosino, when fifteen percent of a
physician's patient base is enrolled in one health plan, termination of such a
physician by the health plan, in the absence of fair procedure, affects the
"substantial economic interests" of the physician. Furthermore, following the
rulings in Ascherman and Ambrosino, in California when ten percent of a
physician's annual income is affected by the actions of a health care delivery
system, the physician's substantial economic interests are implicated.

    How far these cases go towards establishing a presumption is not clear. The
court in Ambrosino ambiguously stated that "the common law right to fair
procedure has recently been held to extend to health care providers' membership
in provider networks such as that operated by Defendant, because such managed
care providers control substantial economic interests."  n56 Since the health
care market is increasingly dominated by MCO's, this statement can be construed
broadly to signal that courts will assume that all contracts between providers
and MCOs affect the substantial economic interests of the providers.
Accordingly, all such providers would have to be afforded the right to fair
procedure. Alternatively, the statement may be dismissed as mere dicta, or may
be construed as simply requiring courts to carefully review each termination
challenge to determine whether the MCO in fact affects a physician's substantial
economic interests.  [*903]

    It is also unclear what constitutes a substantial economic interest.
Existing case law indicates that when an MCO controls between ten and forty
percent of a physician's annual income, that MCO controls a substantial economic
interest of the physician. If, however, the Ambrosino court's observation quoted
above is deemed controlling, a court may not need to quantify the percentage of
a physician's business that is affected by a termination without fair procedure.
It is also feasible that the absence of quantifiers in Delta Dental and
Ambrosino may be factors that subsequent courts may use to narrow the range of
circumstances invoking the state's common law due process rights for providers
who are challenging termination decisions.


   E.

Harper v. Healthsource

 Recently, in the New Hampshire Supreme Court, the American Medical Association
and its provider members celebrated what they viewed as a victory in the
termination of provider contracts by MCOs. In Harper v. Healthsource New
Hampshire, Inc.,  n57 Paul J. Harper, a physician and surgeon, sued Healthsource
New Hampshire, Inc. ("Healthsource") after Healthsource terminated their
contractual relationship. The contract between Healthsource and Dr. Harper
contained with-cause and without-cause termination provisions. The
termination-without-cause provision provided that "this Agreement may be
terminated by either party without cause upon six months prior written notice."
n58 The termination-with-cause provision provided that "this Agreement may be
terminated immediately by [Healthsource] at any time with cause upon written
notice of cause to [Harper] ...."  n59

    At the time of the lawsuit, Dr. Harper had a ten-year relationship with
Healthsource, and approximately thirty to forty percent of his patients were
Healthsource related.  n60 Nevertheless, Healthsource terminated Dr. Harper's
contract in 1989, claiming that Dr. Harper failed to satisfy its
"recredentialing criteria."  n61

    Dr. Harper challenged Healthsource's decision to terminate his contract by
appealing to the HMO's clinical quality assurance committee and the executive
management committee. Dr. Harper did not participate in the clinical quality
assurance committee hearing because Healthsource refused to provide him with the
documentation that Healthsource claimed contained information upon which its
termination decision was based. Dr. Harper did, however, participate in the
executive management committee appeal. At this appeal, Healthsource did not
present evidence, and continued to refuse Dr. Harper access to the evidence
supporting Healthsource's termination. The [*904]  executive management
committee upheld the clinical quality assurance committee's decision to
terminate Dr. Harper's contract without-cause.  n62

    After exhausting Healthsource's hearing and appeals procedures, Dr. Harper
challenged Healthsource's actions in court.  n63 The New Hampshire Superior
Court granted Healthsource's motion to dismiss all claims, but Dr. Harper
appealed the dismissal.  n64 On appeal, Dr. Harper asserted that the contractual
termination-without-cause provision was void as against public policy. Based on
previous analysis of public policy issues pertaining to hospitals,  n65 the
court revisited and extended the application of the public policy argument from
hospitals to the relationship between HMOs and their preferred provider
physicians. Reasoning that "the public has a substantial interest in the
relationship between health maintenance organizations and their
preferred-provider physicians....", the court supported intervention in the
parties' contractual relations and invalidated Healthsource's without-cause
termination of Dr. Harper.  n66

    It is noteworthy that although there was evidence that approximately thirty
to forty percent of Dr. Harper's patients were Healthsource related,  n67 the
Harper court, unlike the Delta Dental and Ambrosino courts, did not pursue the
substantial economic interest line of reasoning. Moreover, the Harper court did
not even mention either Delta Dental or Ambrosino. This, however, may be due to
jurisdictional differences, or to the contention that Delta Dental is limited to
its facts - a fee dispute - rather than being a decision of broader application
pertaining to the prohibition of the deselection of providers in the absence of
fair procedure.

    The Harper decision cultivated new legal ground by permitting challenges to
without-cause terminations in New Hampshire based on allegations of "conduct
against public policy." Some providers and their supporters contend that Harper
demonstrates that termination-without-cause provisions are disfavored by the
courts.  n68 However, it is not certain that this is the case.  [*905]  Although
it is unclear from the decision, the court may have been influenced by factual
allegations of record tampering to which Dr. Harper testified.  n69 Such
conduct, if it occurred, is undoubtedly action that is taken in bad faith. If
bad faith actions on the part of the MCO were the impetus for the termination of
a provider, such is clearly against the public interest. Thus, if the Harper
decision is limited to its facts, it will be difficult to challenge an MCO's
termination in New Hampshire without evidence of egregious conduct such as
record tampering.

   F.

Conclusion

 Health care entities should carefully evaluate their reasons for terminating
providers. The longer the threshold determinations made in Applebaum, Ascherman,
Delta Dental and Ambrosino regarding "substantial economic interests" remain as
precedent, the more the risks involved in the termination of providers will
increase. The deselection of providers for arbitrary reasons or haphazard
reliance on without-cause-termination clauses may also result in costly
litigation.

    Such litigation may soon be exploding in California. In the fall of 1996,
the California Medical Association mailed letters to nineteen of the states'
largest managed care health plans calling for a halt to without-cause
terminations. The letters cited the case law in this article to prove the point
that physicians on provider panels had "vested and significant economic
interests" in their contractual relationships with MCOs, which prohibited
termination except for cause and which granted to providers the right to a
pretermination hearing. The use of such threats can be viewed as a backdoor
approach to affecting de facto "any willing provider" legislation, which seeks
to universally grant all equally qualified practitioners the opportunity to
participate in such appointments.

    In situations compelling the termination of providers, health care entities
should first consider if there are any objective reasons mandating the
termination of a provider and follow the process for termination with cause if
appropriate. While some states will require fair hearing procedures in
connection with such termination, holding such hearings even when not required
will minimize the liability associated with wrongful deselection in many cases.
[*906]


   III.

Legislative Intervention


   A.

California Health & Safety Code Section 1373

 In addition to judicial intervention in the application of fair procedures to
the termination of physicians by MCOs, the California legislature has mandated
the provision of fair hearing rights to physicians who contract with managed
care plans. Although California, like other states, has codified the maintenance
of grievance systems and appeal procedures for disputes between MCOs and
enrollees,  n70 the California legislature has only recently enacted legislation
mandating the implementation of grievance systems and appeal procedures for
disputes between the MCOs and providers. This legislation provides that "all
contracts with providers shall contain provisions requiring a dispute resolution
mechanism under which providers may submit disputes to the plan, and requiring
the plan to inform its providers upon contracting with the plan, or upon change
to these provisions, of the procedures for processing and resolving disputes
...."  n71

    Another section of the California Health and Safety Code compels plans  n72
in certain circumstances to disclose the reasons for terminating a provider's
contract. Section 1373.65 provides that "[a] plan shall disclose the reasons for
the termination of a contract with a provider to the provider only when the
termination occurs during the contract year."

    While at face value this language may appear to represent a substantial
victory for providers, it may in fact be a hollow victory. Based on the plain
language of the statute, if the plan elects not to renew a provider's contract
upon its expiration, the plan does not have a statutory obligation to disclose
the reasons for the nonrenewal. Similarly, a plan may allow a contract without
an automatic renewal clause to expire without invoking the statutory disclosure
obligation. Although the differences are subtle, regardless of whether the
nonrenewal is by commission or omission, the end result significantly affects
providers. However, providers would not be without recourse. Under either
circumstance, although a plan would be in technical compliance with the statute,
such terminations-without-cause may be challenged under Delta Dental and its
progeny.

    Further, California legislation also requires managed care plans to disclose
the termination of the contractual arrangement with a provider to its enrollees.
Section 1373.65(a) provides that "thirty days prior to terminating a contract
with an entire medical group or individual practice association, the plan shall
provide written notice of the termination to enrollees...." Similarly, according
to section 1373.65(b), "when a plan terminates a contractual [*907]  arrangement
with an individual provider within a medical group or individual practice
association, the plan may request that [the medical group or individual practice
association]...notify the enrollees who are patients of that provider ...."

    Although the two provisions are similar, they are not identical. In
implementing the former provision, plans must be cognizant of their potential
tort liability. In addition to the potential Delta Dental-type liability for
arbitrary provider termination, the act of notifying patients of an improper
termination may impose liability on plans based on the theories of defamation
and tortious interference with economic relations. In contrast, the latter
provision allows the plan to shift the responsibility for notification to the
medical group or the individual practice association, thus diminishing the
liability associated with such notification.

    Plans are also faced with the dilemma of what actions constitute a
"termination." Although the term is consistently used throughout the statute,
the absence of a definition prevents the unequivocal assurance that a
"termination" does not include the non-renewal or the expiration of a contract.
In the absence of judicial or legislative guidance on this issue, plans would be
well advised to carefully consider the reasons for such non-renewals in the
context of both arbitrary termination and defamation claims. Further, plans
should consider incorporating the applicable notification provision in a
provider's contract along with a release of liability for tortious claims such
as defamation and interference with economic relations.


   B.

Indemnity Provisions

 Indemnity refers to one's obligation or duty to make good any loss or damage
another has incurred or may incur by acting at one's request or for one's
benefit. "Indemnification includes the 100% shifting of liability from one party
to the other."  n73 Indemnification has also been defined as an "obligation
resting on one party to make good a loss or damage another party has incurred,
or restitution, or reimbursement...and denotes payment of definite, measurable
loss...."  n74 Indemnification provisions are governed by state law. Although
such provisions may be looked upon favorably by courts in some states, they may
be strictly construed  n75 or be deemed to be against public policy  n76 by
courts in other states.  [*908]

    Although there are obstacles associated with the enforcement of
indemnification clauses, as with any other contractual provisions, the benefit
of indemnification provisions may outweigh the burdens of negotiating, drafting,
and including such clauses in a contract. Indemnity clauses can allocate risk in
such a way as to minimize liability. Moreover, if the parties are aware of the
viability of enforcement of the clauses, the parties are more likely to carry
out their responsibilities in accordance with the terms of the contract.

    On the other hand, obtaining indemnification from the indemnitor may be
difficult if not impossible. The expense of enforcing the indemnification may
equal or exceed the amount in controversy. Further, the indemnitor may
cross-complain against the indemnitee, thus escalating the financial and
emotional costs involved with enforcing contractual indemnification provisions.
Enforcement of an indemnification clause may also result in the loss of good
will, which can translate into financial losses.

    Like most corporate entities, MCOs have historically used contractual
provisions to shift burdens and allocate risk. Contractual provisions such as
indemnity clauses have often been used to secure against financial losses that
may occur. When indemnity clauses affect issues of public policy, however,
legislatures often become involved in determining the desirability of including
and enforcing indemnity clauses. In the latest risk-shifting phenomenon,
legislatures have begun to limit the right of health care providers to contract
for indemnification. For example, the California legislature has negated the
ability of HMOs and physicians to contract for indemnification.

    California law provides that "[a] plan, any entity contracting with a plan,
and providers are each responsible for their own acts or omissions, and are not
liable for the acts or omissions of, or the costs of defending others. Any
provision to the contrary in a contract with providers is void and
unenforceable."  n77 In other words, if a court finds a provider and an MCO
liable for malpractice, regardless of the reasons for the denial of treatment or
a provider's failure to provide medical treatment in a timely manner, each party
may be independently responsible for its judicially allocated portion of
liability. Any contractual provision to the contrary is null and void in
California. In a market economy where the supply of physicians is increasing and
capitated fees are decreasing, the added burden of prohibiting the contractual
allocation of risk may be too much for providers to bear. Nevertheless, health
care entities and providers should be familiar with legislative prohibitions on
the contractual allocation of risk as failure to do so [*909]  may have
significant consequences.

   C.

Gag Rules

 The recent phenomenon of gag rules has become all too well known in the health
care community. Gag rules generally prohibit providers from disclosing
information deemed by a health care delivery system to be confidential or highly
sensitive, or from expressing disagreement over a medical decision, policy, or
practice of an insurance carrier or an HMO. Opponents of gag rules claim that
gag rules interfere with the legal rights and ethical responsibilities of
physicians by preventing physicians from discussing information with patients
that may be relevant to patients' health. Proponents of gag rules have asserted
at least three defenses in support of gag rules: gag rules do not exist, the
purported use of gag rules by the health care industry is exaggerated, and gag
rules are necessary to control costs. Notwithstanding the contentions of both
groups, opponents and proponents of gag rules are aware that the use of gag
rules in physician-MCO contracts has been steadily increasing.  n78

    At least one professional organization has publicly opposed the use of gag
rules. The American Medical Association ("AMA") has stated that abiding by
certain gag rules could subject AMA physicians to sanctions. Although the AMA
statement does not constitute binding law, state medical practice acts or
licensing statutes that define unethical conduct to include a violation of
generally accepted ethical standards could implicate the AMA statement. In
reality, absent state law, it may be difficult if not impossible for the
majority of physicians to negotiate with MCOs about the inclusion or exclusion
of gag rules from their provider contracts. Physicians must, however, balance
the ethical, legal and financial implications of agreeing to and abiding by gag
rules.

    In addition to professional organizations, states such as Arizona, Colorado,
New Hampshire and Tennessee have enacted legislation governing gag rules. In
1995, Arizona amended its laws to require MCOs to disclose a variety of
information relating to the operation of health care plans, including a
description of any provider compensation incentives to withhold services or to
minimize referrals to specialists.  n79 In addition to filings with the Arizona
Department of Insurance, the Arizona law requires that this information be
delivered to all employer-purchasers prior to their executing a contract with an
MCO. Thereafter, employers are required to provide the disclosure to their
eligible employees before the beginning of any open enrollment period, or at
least ten days before "any employee enrollment deadline that is not associated
[*910]  with an open enrollment deadline."  n80 While many states impose various
disclosure obligations upon MCOs, the Arizona law is among the first to require
the disclosure of provider compensation incentive arrangements to employers and
their employees.

    On April 25, 1996, Colorado Governor Roy Romer signed House Bill 1216, which
extended certain protections to health care providers when they enter into
contracts with insurance carriers. Specifically, HB 1216 prohibits contractual
provisions that would allow MCOs to terminate a contract if providers advocate
medically appropriate health care for patients. Legislation prohibiting the
inclusion of gag rules has also been approved by the New Hampshire House and
Senate and is awaiting the Governor's signature.  n81 Similarly, on May 2, 1996,
Tennessee Governor Don Sundquist signed an anti-gag rule bill prohibiting MCOs
from requiring physicians to sign gag rules.  n82 An anti-gag rule bill has also
recently passed the California Assembly. If enacted, this legislation, like most
anti-gag rule legislation, would prohibit the inclusion of contractual
limitations on the information a health care provider could disclose to patients
regarding care such as treatment options.

    Elected officials have also responded to increased community awareness of
the proliferation of gag rules by seeking the enactment of federal legislation.
On May 30, 1996, Representatives Greg Ganske (Iowa) and Ed Markey
(Massachusetts) advocated passage of the Proposed Patient Right To Know Act, a
bill barring the use of gag rules in MCOs' contracts with providers.  n83

    The following are other examples of gag rules:



   . Physician shall not initiate general communications with Payors, Sponsors,
or Members (except with respect to the treatment of a particular medical
condition or the collection of payments permitted under this agreement) without
the prior written consent of AHM, which consent may be withheld in AHM's sole
discretion. Nor shall Physician, directly or indirectly, solicit or counsel any
Member to disenroll from or cancel membership in a Health Benefit Program during
the term of this Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) months following the
termination of this Agreement.  n84

 [*911]

. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Corporation may
terminate this Master Agreement immediately upon notice to Physician in the
case...Physician, on behalf of or in communications with its patients,
physicians or other providers, takes any action or makes any communication which
undermines or could undermine the confidence of Members, potential Members,
their employers, their unions, physicians, providers or the public in
Corporation or in the quality of care provided to Corporation's Members.  n85



. Loyalty to BCBSUW. Throughout the term of this Agreement and any renewed term,
Physician shall act in a manner that shows loyalty to BCBSUW by: (a) refraining
from criticizing BCBSUW, any of BCBSUW's Plans or procedures, or this Agreement
to or in the presence of any Member/Subscriber or person eligible to become a
Member/Subscriber, and (b) supporting the managed care philosophy and program of
BCBSUW with full cooperation in carrying out his or her obligations under this
Agreement.  n86



. During the term of this Agreement and each renewal term thereof, Provider
agrees to discuss any concerns relating to administrative matters or Provider's
compensation from Hill Physicians exclusively with Hill Physicians, and not with
enrollees. Provider shall look solely to Hill Physicians to resolve Provider's
complaints, if any, about compensation or administrative matters. Providers
shall not, directly or indirectly, counsel or advise any Enrollee to disenroll
from any Health Plan contracting with Hill Physicians. Provider shall
not...suggest to any Enrollee that any Health Plan or Hill Physicians is
providing substandard medical care to Enrollees.  n87



. Effective immediately, all Humana participating providers must telephone the
Preadmission Review Department at 1-800-XXX-XXXX before an admission occurs and
before conveying the possibility of admission to the plan member.  n88



. If you believe a member may require transplantation or other very
sophisticated and possibly experimental care, we request that BEFORE DISCUSSING
TREATMENT OPTIONS WITH MEMBER, you call us to discuss the member's eligibility
for that treatment and to discuss the appropriate institution. Failure to do so
may result in treatments that are not covered by benefits, and therefore unhappy
members.  n89



. This contract may be immediately terminated for provider's direct contact of
(plan) members in regards to matters pertaining to (the plan) without (plan's)
prior written approval or provider's making any repeated disparaging remarks at
(plan) or expressing opinions regarding (plan) or any of its affiliates that are
[*912]  negative in nature.  n90



. Michael J. Haugh, a Tulsa neurologist, was treating a female patient suffering
from headaches. After her CT scan showed a brain abnormality, Haugh suggested
that she undergo another test, called a magnetic resonance arteriogram. The
patient's HMO said it would not pay for the test, which it concluded was
investigational. Haugh wrote to his patient saying "I still consider that a
magnetic resonance arteriogram is medically necessary in your case ...." In
response, the HMO's medical director wrote a threatening letter to Haugh, which
said: "I consider your letter to the member to be significantly inflammatory."
The letter continued, "You should be aware that a persistent pattern of pitting
the HMO against its member may place your relationship with [the HMO] in
jeopardy."  n91

 During the May 30, 1996 hearing before a House Commerce Subcommittee on Health
& Environment, the AMA reiterated its position that gag rules undermine the
ability of doctors to provide care and impinge on physicians' ethical
obligations. Accordingly, the AMA supported the need for federal legislation
prohibiting gag rules.  n92

    Until such federal legislation is enacted, states' anti-gag rule legislation
is likely to vary depending on the strength of the managed care and medical
interests in each state. For example, state anti-gag rule legislation may only
be applicable to such entities as hospitals and MCOs, and not to insurers, PPOs
and IPAs. In such circumstances, anti-gag rule legislation would probably be
only a limited solution, especially for providers.

    In addition to the issue of to whom the anti-gag rule legislation applies,
proponents and opponents of gag rules should be familiar with the breadth of
anti-gag rule legislation. For example, anti-gag rule legislation may only
prohibit health care delivery systems from limiting physician-patient discussion
of experimental treatment. Significantly different is the much broader anti-gag
rule legislation that prohibits the imposition of limitations on
physician-patient discussion of treatment options that have not been approved by
the plan.  [*913]


   IV.

Conclusion: Minimizing Liability Of Selecting And Deselecting


   A.

Develop And Document Credentialing Criteria

 With the advent of managed care, the evolution of the health care market has
indicated that health care delivery systems must invest resources in the
development and maintenance of credentialing plans. A credentialing plan should
be based on a state's licensure laws and regulations, and a health care delivery
system's needs. Developing and documenting a credentialing plan that addresses
education, qualifications, current competence, malpractice history, a history of
membership in health care delivery systems such as hospitals and MCOs, and
insurance information should provide the basic framework for credentialing.

    Many jurisdictions and accrediting agencies require documentation of
credentialing procedures. Documenting credentialing procedures eliminates a
substantial degree of inconsistency in the credentialing of physicians within a
health care delivery system, thus minimizing liability. Further, documented
credentialing plans provide systematic guidance to administrators, surveyors,
physicians and other entities and individuals who are entrusted with
credentialing functions.


   B.

Comply With Credentialing Plans And Only Communicate Credentialing Decisions In
Writing

 After implementing credentialing procedures, compliance with such procedures
should be mandatory. The denial and granting of practice privileges should be
based on objective factors that are documented in an applicant's file.
Justification of credentialing decisions, as opposed to conclusory statements
such as practice privileges granted or practice privileges denied, will support
a health care delivery system's claim that a physicians's privileges were denied
based on objective factors.

    As a rule, health care delivery systems should not communicate credentialing
decisions orally. Statements made by a health care delivery system's employees
may be admissible in a hearing challenging the facility's credentialing
decision. All employees involved in the credentialing process should be aware
that any and all information regarding credentialing should only be communicated
in writing by individuals with the authority to do so.


   C.

Institute A Policy Of No Exceptions Or Exemptions

 Too often in today's extremely competitive health care market, decision-makers
fail to take necessary actions in accordance with health care delivery systems'
written protocols, or make exceptions for physicians who are well respected in
the community or have a critical mass of patients. Such a practice [*914]  is
hazardous not only to patients, but to the health care delivery system's
licensure, accreditation status, and financial condition. A lack of uniformity
in the application of rules and policies is likely to result in legal liability.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Education LawCivil LiabilityGeneral OverviewHealthcare LawBusiness
Administration & OrganizationLicensesRequirementsPublic Health & Welfare
LawHealthcareGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations,
Accreditation Manual for Hospitals 369 (1996) [hereinafter JCAHO Manual].




n2.  JCAHO Manual, supra note 1, MS.5.3.2.




n3.  National Committee for Quality Assurance, Standards for Accreditation 46
(1995) [hereinafter NCQA Standards].




n4.  NCQA Standards, supra note 3, CR 1.0.




n5.  42 C.F.R. 482.22(a)(2) (1996).




n6.  42 C.F.R. 482.22 (1997).




n7.  42 C.F.R. 483.430(b)(5) (1996).




n8.  42 C.F.R. 484.14(e) (1996).




n9.  42 C.F.R. 485.54(b) (1996).




n10.  Cal. Code of Regs. tit. 22, " 70701(a)(7) (1990).




n11.  211 N.E.2d 253 (Ill. 1965), cert. denied, Charleston Community Memorial
Hosp. v. Darling, 383 U.S. 946 (1966).




n12.  See, e.g., Arizona (Tuscon Medical Ctr., Inc. v. Misevch, 545 P.2d 958
(Ariz. 1976)); California (Elam v. College Park Hosp., 183 Cal.Rptr. 156 (Cal.
Ct. App. 1982)); Delaware (Register v. Wilmington Medical Ctr., Inc., 377 A.2d 8
(Del. 1977)); Florida (Insinga v. LaBella, 543 So.2d 209 (Fla. 1989)); Georgia (
Butler v. South Fulton Medical Ctr., Inc., 452 S.E.2d 768 (Ga. Ct. App. 1994));
Illinois (Rohe v. Shivde, 560 N.E.2d 1113 (Ill. App. Ct. 1990), appeal denied,
564 N.E.2d 848 (Ill. 1990)); Michigan (Ferguson v. Gonyaw, 236 N.W.2d 543 (Mich.
Ct. App. 1975)); Nebraska (Rule by Rule v. Lutheran Hosps. & Homes Soc'y Of Am.,
835 F.2d 1250 (8th Cir. 1987) (applying Nebraska law)); New Jersey (Corleto v.
Shore Memorial Hosp., 350 A.2d 534 (N.J. Supr. Ct. 1975)); New York (Lewis v.
Columbus Hosp., 151 N.Y.S.2d 391 (N.Y. App. Div. 1956)); North Carolina (Blanton
v. Moses H. Cone Memorial Hosp., Inc., 354 S.E.2d 455 (N.C. 1987)); North Dakota
(Benedict v. St. Luke's Hosps., 365 N.W.2d 499 (N.D. 1985)); Ohio (Albain v.
Flower Hosp., 553 N.E.2d 1038 (Ohio 1990), overruled on other grounds by Clark
v. Southview Hosp. & Family Health, 628 N.E.2d 46 (Ohio 1994)(overruled on issue
of whether hospital may be held liable for physician's negligence under agency
by estoppel theory)); Pennsylvania (McClellan v. Health Maintenance Organization
of PA, 686 A.2d 801 (Pa. 1996)); Rode Island (Rodrigues v. Miriam Hosp., 623
A.2d 456 (R.I. 1993)); Tennessee (Edmonds v. Chamberlain Memorial Hosp., 629
S.W.2d 28 (Tenn. Ct. App. 1981)); Texas (Lopez v. Central Plains Regional Hosp.,
859 S.W.2d 600 (Tex. Ct. App. 1993)); Vermont (Wheeler v. Central Vermont
Medical Ctr., Inc., 582 A.2d 165 (Vt. 1989)); Washington (Pedroza v. Bryant, 677
P.2d 166 (Wa. 1984) (en banc)); West Virginia (Roberts v. Stevens Clinic Hosp.
Inc., 345 S.E.2d 791 (W.Va. 1986)); Wisconsin (Johnson v. Misericordia Community
Hosp., 294 N.W.2d 501 (Wis. Ct. App. 1980)); and Wyoming (Greenwood v. Wierdsma,
741 P.2d 1079 (Wyo. 1987)).




n13.  604 A.2d 1053 (Pa. Super. Ct. 1992), appeal denied, 616 A.2d 985 (Pa.
1992).




n14.  Harrell v. Total Health Care, Inc., No. WD 39809, 1989 WL 153066 (Mo. Ct.
App. Apr. 25, 1989).




n15.  Id. at *1.




n16.  Id. at *3.




n17.  Id. at *2.




n18.  Id. at *3.




n19.  Harrell v. Total Health Care, 781 S.W.2d 58, 61 (Mo. 1989) (en banc).




n20.  Harrell, 1989 WL 153066 at *6.




n21.  Id. at *5.




n22.  McClellan, 604 A.2d at 1055.




n23.  Id. at 1059.




n24.  Id. (quoting Restatement (Second) of Torts 323 (1965)).




n25.  McClellan, 604 A.2d at 1059.




n26.  Elam v. College Park Hosp., 183 Cal.Rptr. 156 (Cal. Ct. App. 1982). See
supra note 12 and accompanying text.




n27.  See Falcone v. Middlesex County Medical Soc'y, 170 A.2d 791 (N.J. 1961)
(cornerstone decision granting judicial review of a professional association's
rejection of a membership application).




n28.  Miller v. Eisenhower Medical Ctr., 614 P.2d 258 (Cal. 1980) (in bank).




n29.  The common law principle authorizing judicial review of association
expulsions became a part of California law as early as 1888.  See Otto v.
Journeymen Tailors' Protective & Benevolent Union of San Francisco, 17 P. 217
(Cal. 1888). Since then, the common law principle of fair procedure has been
continued by California courts. See Ascherman v. San Francisco Medical Soc'y.,
114 Cal.Rptr. 681 (Cal. Ct. App. 1974) (physician dismissed from hospital
medical staff entitled to a hearing on the matter, notice of the hearing, a
written statement of charges, and the right to call witnesses at such hearing);
Pinsker v. Pacific Coast Assoc. of Orthodontists, 460 P.2d 495 (Cal. 1969)
(applicants to professional association entitled to judicial protection against
arbitrary exclusion) (Pinsker I).




n30.  Pinsker v. Pacific Coast Soc'y of Orthodonists, 526 P.2d 253, 260 (Cal.
1974) (Pinsker II).




n31.  See, e.g., Rosner v. Eden Township Hosp. Dist., 375 P.2d 431 (Cal. 1962);
Bernstein v. Alameda-Contra Costa Medical Assn., 293 P.2d 862 (Cal. 1956);
Higgins v. American Soc'y of Clinical Pathologists, 238 A.2d 665 (N.J. 1968).




n32.  Falcone, 170 A.2d at 800.




n33.  Blende v. Maricopa County Medical Soc'y, 393 P.2d 926 (Ariz. 1964)(in
bank). The Arizona Supreme Court held that if a medical society's denial of a
doctor's application for membership would impair the practice of the doctor's
profession, "then his membership application may not be denied arbitrarily, but
only on a showing of just cause established by the Society under proceedings
embodying the elements of due process." Id. at 930. See also Sussman v. Overlook
Hosp. Ass'n., 231 A.2d 389 (N.J. Super. Ct. App. Div. 1967), overruled on other
grounds by Garrow v. Elizabeth General Hosp. and Dispensary, 382 A.2d 393 (N.J.
1977) (overruled on issue of denial of right to counsel at hearing); Silver v.
Castle Memorial Hospital, 497 P.2d 564 (Haw. 1972), cert. denied, 409 U.S. 1048
(1972).




n34.  Cal. Bus & Prof. Code 809.1, 809.3(a) (West 1990 & Supp. 1996).




n35.  See, e.g., Wyatt vs. Tahoe Forest Hosp. Dist., 345 P.2d 93 (Cal. Ct. App.
1959); Willis vs. Santa Ana Community Hosp. Ass'n, 376 P.2d 5687 (Cal. 1962),
overruled on other grounds by Cianci v. Superior Ct. of Contra Costa County, 710
P.2d 375 (Cal. 1985) (overruled on issue of whether the medical profession is
included in the ambit of state antitrust law); Rossner, 375 P.2d at 435; Pinsker
II, 526 P.2d at 260; Ascherman vs. St. Francis Mem. Hosp., 119 Cal.Rptr. 507
(Cal. Ct. App. 1975); Anton vs. Board of Directors of San Antonio Community
Hosp., 567 P.2d 1162 (Cal. 1977); Miller vs. Eisenhower Medical Ctr., 614 P.2d
258 (Cal. 1980); Volpicelli vs. Jared Sydney Torrance Memorial Hosp., 167
Cal.Rptr. 610 (Cal. Ct. App. 1980); Applebaum vs. Board of Directors of Barton
Memorial Hosp., 163 Cal.Rptr. 831 (Cal. Ct. App. 1980); Unterthiner vs. Desert
Hosp. Dist. of Palm Springs, 656 P.2d 554 (Cal. 1983), cert. denied, 464 U.S.
1068 (1984); Bergeron vs. Desert Hosp. Corp., 270 Cal.Rptr. 397 (Cal. Ct. App.
1990).




n36.  Delta Dental Plan v. Banasky, 33 Cal.Rptr.2d 381 (Cal. Ct. App. 1994).




n37.  Id. at 384.




n38.  Id.




n39.  Id.  The issue of the appropriate forum for the resolution of
retrospective fee disputes was never reached by the Court because Delta Dental
was not seeking to "compel the dentists to disgorge compensation already
received ...." Id. at 384 n.4.




n40.  Delta Dental, 33 Cal.Rptr.2d at 386 (citing Pinsker II, 526 P.2d at 263;
Salkin v. California Dental Assn., 224 Cal. Rptr. 352, 354 (Cal. Ct. App.
1986)).




n41.  Delta Dental, 33 Cal.Rptr.2d at 385.




n42.  163 Cal.Rptr. at 836.




n43.  Id. at 837 ("Since plaintiff testified that about forty percent of his
income was derived from his obstetrical practice, his interest...was
substantial.").




n44.  899 F. Supp. 438, 440 (N.D.Cal. 1995).




n45.  Id. Such conduct included seeing patients while under the influence of
demerol and using demerol prescribed for patients. Id.




n46.  Id.




n47.  Id.




n48.  Id. 899 F. Supp. at 400.




n49.  Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code 805 (West 1990 & Supp. 1997).




n50.  Ambrosino, 899 F. Supp at 445.




n51.  Id.




n52.  Id.




n53.  Applebaum, 163 Cal.Rptr. 831, 837 (Cal. Ct. App. 1980).




n54.  Ascherman, 114 Cal.Rptr. 681, 688-89 (Cal. Ct. App. 1974).




n55.  Ambrosino, 899 F. Supp. at 445.




n56.  Id. (citing Delta Dental) (emphasis added).




n57.  674 A.2d 962 (N.H. 1996).




n58.  Id. at 964.




n59.  Id.




n60.  Id. at 963.




n61.  Id. at 963.




n62.  Harper, 674 A.2d. at 963-64.




n63.  Id. at 964.




n64.  Id.




n65.  Id. at 966 (citing Bricker v. Sceva Speare Hosp., 281 A.2d 589, 592 (N.H.
1971), cert. denied, 404 U.S. 995 (1971)).




n66.  Id. at 966.




n67.  Harper, 674 A.2d. at 963.




n68.  See, e.g., New Hampshire Decision Could Inspire Suits Over "Without Cause"
Exclusions, 5 Health L. Rep. (BNA) d52 (June 13, 1996). In Napoletano v. CIGNA
Healthcare of Connecticut, Inc., plaintiff physicians sued CIGNA over their
removal from a CIGNA Healthcare network without cause. 680 A.2d 127 (Conn.
1996). The Supreme Court of Connecticut overruled the trial court's holding that
ERISA preempted the physicians' claims, and further found in remanding the case
to the lower court that state law gave the plaintiffs a private right of action
against CIGNA to challenge these without cause terminations. Shortly after the
decision in Harper, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals held that it had no
jurisdiction where five physicians who were dropped from Aetna's preferred
provider organization ("PPO") in Texas sued for loss of their participation in
that plan. The federal court referred to the fact that as long as the PPO
complied with state insurance regulations, no separate authority enforced any of
the PPO rules. Texas Medical Ass'n v Aetna Life Ins. Co., 80 F.3d 153 (5th Cir.
1996).




n69.  Harper, 674 A.2d at 963.




n70.  Cal. Health & Safety Code " 1367 (West 1996).




n71.  Id. 1367(h).




n72.  Defined to include all types of managed care plans.




n73.  Employers Insurance of Wausau v. Musick, Peeler, & Garrett, 871 F. Supp.
381, 385 (S.D. Cal. 1994).




n74.  Webster v. State Bd. of Control, 242 Cal.Rptr. 685, 689 (Cal. Ct. App.
1987).




n75.  See, e.g., Jackson Nat. Life Ins. Co. v. Gofen & Glossberg, Inc., 902 F.
Supp. 150 (N.D. Ill. 1995); Moore v. Williams, 902 F. Supp. 957 (N.D. Iowa
1995).




n76.  See, e.g., Wolff v. General Casualty Co. of Am., 361 P.2d 330 (N.M. 1961)
(indemnification against damages resulting from willful violation of a statute
or commission of crimes void as against public policy); Bunia v. Knight Ridder,
544 N.W.2D 60 (Minn. 1996) (indemnification in commercial lease against
liability resulting from sole negligence of indemnitee void as against public
policy); Wallace v. Pan American Fire & Casualty Co., 426 So.2d 224 (La. Ct.
App. 1982) (indemnification against liability resulting from violation of
regulatory duty void as against public policy).




n77.  Cal. Health & Safety Code 1371.25 (West 1990 & Supp. 1996).




n78.  Assembly Approves Bill Banning "Gag' Clauses from HMO Contracts, 4 Health
Care Pol'y Rep. (BNA) d35 (May 22, 1996).




n79.  1995 Ariz. Legis. Serv. 297 (West).




n80.  Id.




n81.  Law Mandates Post-Natal Care Coverage; Managed Care Regulatory Bills
Approved, 4 Health Care Pol'y Rep. (BNA) d31 (May 22, 1996).




n82.  New Law Recognizes Guidelines for Hospital Maternity Stays, 4 Health Care
Pol'y Rep. (BNA) d30 (May 22, 1996).




n83.  Reps. Ganske and Markey introduced H.R. 586 on February 5, 1997. 143 Cong.
Rec. H345 (1997). As of May 15, 1997, 283 co-sponsors had signed on to the bill,
which had failed to garner sufficient support when introduced by Rep. Ganske in
1996. See generally "Anti-Gag Clause' Bill Reintroduced in Congress with
Bipartisan Support, Health Care Daily (BNA) Feb. 6, 1997. Analogous legislation
was introduced in the Senate on March 17, 1997 by Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona. 143
Cong. Rec. S2356 (1997).




n84.  Aetna, Chicago.




n85.  Blue Cross/Blue Shield of the National Capital Area.




n86.  Blue Cross/Blue Shield of Utica-Watertown, New York.




n87.  Hill Physicians, California.




n88.  May 8, 1996 bulletin from Humana to all participating providers.




n89.  December 4, 1996 letter to doctors in Prudential Health Care System of
South Florida (emphasis in original).




n90.  This clause was submitted by providers without identifying information
because the providers were concerned about the possibility of reprisals.




n91.  Abigail Trafford, For Some Doctors Today, Mum's the Word, Wash. Post, Mar.
12, 1996, at Z6 (emphasis added).




n92.  Contract Issues and Quality Standards for Managed Care: Hearing Before the
Subcomm. on Health and Environment of the House Comm. on Commerce, 104th Cong.,
2nd Sess., 66-71 (1996) (statement of Robert E. McAfee, immediate past president
of the A.M.A.).


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             May 20, 2006 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

Saturday Talk

BYLINE: STUART SCHWARZSCHILD, GREG JOHNSON, CHRIS SMITH, KEITH GORE WISEMAN,
JEFF BOATRIGHT, J.E. PHINAZEE, BETH CARR, ROBERT SOLOWAY, AMY HASTEY, ANDREW
GELLER, MARCIA KARON, CHARLES E. MILMINE, ANDY RICE

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 1398 words


Immigration

Some jobs won't do

It is often said that Mexicans do the jobs that Americans won't do. After they
are eligible for welfare, Social Security, food stamps, Medicare and Medicaid,
they won't work either.

STUART SCHWARZSCHILD, Atlanta

Solid reform stands as the only option

Immigration provides low-cost labor for many industries and companies. However,
for the regular voting American it is anything but free.

We as taxpayers pay for the free health care and other social programs offered
to illegal immigrants. A greater travesty is that an illegal immigrant can sneak
into the country, be protected by federal laws to deliver their child at any
American hospital and then become a citizen.

When 80 percent of the American people want strong and meaningful immigration
laws why are the politicians so slow to react? The reason is most of that 80
percent of Americans do not contribute to campaigns to the degree of big
business and special interest groups.

This week it seems that President Bush finally woke up and saw his opinion polls
continuing to decline, so he, in an about-face manner, took action on
immigration. Will it work, or is it a political tactic to maintain or regain
support from the voting public?

Contact your politicians and let them know if they don't make meaningful changes
in immigration you will vote for a change.

GREG JOHNSON, Moultrie

Votes can bring about change

It is evident that neither the Republican or Democratic parties have any
interest in representing the citizens of the United States. It has become so
evident that they have more interest in representing illegal immigrants,
corporations and special-interest groups. They have forgotten the basic
principle of the American government: The people grant the power to the
government.

It is our duty as citizens of this country to alter our government at the voting
box this November. We need to send a message to Washington: If you are an
incumbent, your career is over.

CHRIS SMITH, Rex

U.S. leaders show contempt for laws

President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney have shown nothing but contempt
for the laws of the United States and have broken more than enough of them to be
removed from office.

America is at a turning point: Either we act to protect our Constitution or we
lose what we've fought more than 200 hundred years to establish, protect and
cultivate. Why trade all that for a monarchy or dictatorship? Is your stock
dividend more valuable than America?

KEITH GORE WISEMAN, Atlanta

National security

Privacy hypocrisy taints Bush team

This is the most secretive administration, jealously guarding its actions,
hiding everything it does. Caught so many times lying, how can we not assume the
secrecy is to hide even more incompetency and malfeasance?

This is the most intrusive administration, willing to bring the federal
government into our hospital rooms, our bedrooms, our telephone, Internet,
financial and library transactions.

This is the Bush administration: privacy for Me but not for Thee.

JEFF BOATRIGHT, Decatur

Enemy armed with info through media

The Constitution defines treason as adhering to the enemy, or giving aid and
comfort to them. Why is disclosing information about our top secret
intelligence-gathering programs to CNN, Fox News, MSNBC, The New York Times and
other worldwide media outlets, which we know are watched and read by those who
would do us great harm, not recognized as giving aid and comfort to the enemy?

J.E. PHINAZEE, Buford

Gen. Hayden is wrong for CIA

Clearly, Gen. Michael Hayden is not the best choice to run the CIA. When even
Republican leaders admit that the National Security Agency's broad-spectrum (and
warrantless) domestic spying program is "clearly and categorically wrong,"
perhaps it's time to stop it, not promote it among other agencies.

It's said that those who forget history are doomed to repeat it. Well apparently
we Americans have forgotten the many abuses of power by the FBI and the CIA in
the '60s and '70s that led to the laws forbidding just such unwarranted and
non-specific (and harassing) covert operations upon American citizens.
(Remember, these protective laws don't apply to "dangerous" foreign nationals.)

Do not allow Hayden, a demonstrated opponent of the Constitution and our basic
rights to privacy, to become the head of the CIA.

BETH CARR, Atlanta

Silent protester

Action truly speaks louder than words

When I first heard how Randy Aronov turned his back on Donald Rumsfeld during
the defense secretary's recent speech at the Atlanta History Center, my first
thought was --- I should have done that. What an appropriate response to a
government that has turned its back on its citizens. Without even allowing
Rumsfeld the chance to lie again, Aronov made it absolutely clear what his
position was.

In some ways, Aronov's protest was also symbolic of the way the media have
treated the Bush administration, as though they weren't paying any attention.

ROBERT SOLOWAY, Decatur

Stand your ground

I enjoyed the op-ed by Randy Aronov ("Work to be heard, even without words,"
@issue, May 11), in which he explained why he stood in silent protest against
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. It's good to see people taking an active
stand against injustice, in which Rumsfeld is a very active participant.

AMY HASTEY, Atlanta

Don't even talk of self-promotion

How Lee Weber could call Randy Aronov's protest an act of "shameless
self-promotion" is difficult to understand ("Silent dissenter wanted all focus
on himself," @issue, May 16).

Aronov did not say his name during the protest, and the Jay Bookman column about
the event did not give Aronov's name. Aronov stood quietly throughout Donald
Rumsfeld's presentation and walked out after that, not even staying for the
question period.

Shameless self-promotion!

ANDREW GELLER, Atlanta

Beat the government at its own gas tax game

Clearly, many of your letter writers do not understand economics ("Gas prices,"
@issue, May 13). For each gallon of gas you buy at the pump, the government gets
more in taxes for doing nothing than the oil companies and the service stations
get combined. So unlike those readers [who assailed federal politicians'
proposal of a $100 gas tax rebate], I agree with decreasing the tax at the pump.

If we want to play the blame game, let's get those who are really responsible
for our lack of energy independence. If the environmentalists had spent their
money and efforts on research for alternative energy sources instead of paying
politicians to prevent the building of more refineries and utilizing our natural
resources, we would be energy independent today.

MARCIA KARON, Atlanta

Premature energy plan will hurt state

Georgians must look carefully at our future energy needs. Our state is already
studying the problem with a state energy plan due in December. We need to
diversify our sources of energy.

Unfortunately, Georgia Power has asked our elected officials at the Georgia
Public Service Commission to consider adding more nuclear reactors at Plant
Vogtle, near Waynesboro on the Savannah River, before the state energy plan is
complete and in spite of the fact that the PSC already has a long-term energy
planning process in place.

There is to be a public hearing for Georgia Power's request. Nuclear power
should not receive preferential treatment. I suggest the PSC at least wait for
the state energy plan to be finalized or for the PSC's long-term energy process
to begin. Rushing the decision will not improve Georgia's energy diversity.

CHARLES E. MILMINE, Savannah

Delta brass should care for employees

I read Russell Grantham's article "Executive pay reflects hard times at Delta"
(Page One, May 13) with great interest. I am sure my fellow employees' hearts go
out to Delta management, due to its 15 percent pay cut.

Of course, the CEO took a 25 percent cut. Meanwhile, I have taken a 46.5 percent
pay cut since December 2004. However, that number only includes hourly pay. It
does not include major cuts in other benefits, including the decimation of the
retirement plan Delta promised me when I was hired 16 years ago. It also does
not reflect the major quality-of-life issues and work-rule changes that keep me
away from my family and home.

Delta management needs the lesson I learned during my 21 years as a Marine Corps
officer: "The commanding officer eats last." Delta management has not learned
how to lead from the front.

ANDY RICE, Powder Springs

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: DENIS POROY / Associated PressThis section of an unfinished
second U.S.-Mexico border fence is near the San Ysidro Port of Entry in San
Diego.
Photo: WSB-TVWith his back to Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld during a
speech, Randy Aronov protests in silence recently at the Atlanta History Center.

Photo: Gen. Michael Hayden, nominee for CIA director, is sworn in before a
confirmation hearing.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Research Digest

                            April 11, 1996, Thursday

Marla Fox and Mark Glotfelty


Electric Industry: Standard & Poor's Corp.

Three electric systems have benefited from upgrades to their outlooks or
positions because of the strengthening of their long-term competitive business
postures, according to Standard & Poor's analysts Marla Fox and Mark Glotfelty.

Gainesville, Fla.'s Regional Utilities was upgraded from a negative to a stable
outlook, and Sacramento, Calif.'s Municipal Utility District went from stable to
positive. The upgrades were attributed to the utilities' better-than-average
business positions marked by resource diversification and restrained production
costs, according to the analysts.

While the negative outlook is unchanged for Florida's Lakeland Electric & Water,
its business position was upgraded from below average to average, which
indicates hope for a future stable outlook, Glotfelty and Fox said.

Higher Education

Moody's Investors Service

Naomi Richman Public colleges and universities look set to fare better than
private colleges in 1996 because of their pricing advantage and state subsidies
- even though cuts are likely in federal aid to states, according to Moody's
analyst Naomi Richman.

The positive forecast is rooted in the fact that there is a thriving
college-aged population and that colleges nationwide are taking cost- cutting
and revenue diversification measures, according to Richman.

Richman cited figures showing public colleges with higher credit ratings had
better enrollment numbers than lower-rated colleges because of their better
course offerings and programs.

Overall, colleges that strengthen their balance sheets by generating extra
revenue through fund-raising efforts while reducing dependence on state aid
could be in line for an upgrade, Richman said.

The true test will be for universities to maintain enrollment in the face of
steady tuition increases without depleting resources by handing out excessive
financial aid or scholarships, she said.

Cincinnati Airport

Moody's Investors Service

Maria Matesanz

Economic growth in northern Kentucky is attributed to the strategic location of
Cincinnati International Airport - a catalyst for future expansion in Boone,
Campbell, and Kenton counties, according to Moody's analyst Maria Matesanz.

A continued vibrant economic picture for Kentucky translates into positive
credit implications for local issuers, the analyst said.

Two major corporations - Fidelity Investments and Toyota Motor Manufacturing -
have relocated to nearby Covington and Kenton counties, respectively, and are
leading the way for other businesses to set up shop in Kentucky, Matesanz said.
The state is already home to several Fortune 500 companies and hub operations of
firms such as Delta Airlines, Comair, and DHL Worldwide Express, she noted.

The Economy

Standard & Poor's Corp.

Thomas W. Synnott 3d

Long-term interest rates look set to climb for the foreseeable future as a
result of failed attempts at balancing the 1996 budget and reducing the federal
deficit, according to Thomas W. Synnott 3d, chief economist for the U.S. Trust
Co. of New York.

The release of President Clinton's latest budget proposal squashed any immediate
hope of shrinking the deficit, Synnott wrote in Standard & Poor's CreditWeek,
because it did not call for cuts in federal health care spending and other
necessary cost-cutting measures.

A spiraling deficit leads to higher real long-term rates because domestic
investors have to pay higher interest rates in order to help subsidize the
nation's escalating debt, according to Synnott.

Orange County

A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc.

Brad W. Bode

An agreement by California investors to reduce their claims against Orange
County by $819 million is a step in the right direction toward extrication from
bankruptcy, according to Brad W. Bode, an analyst at A.G. Edwards.

The county - which hopes to recover from bankruptcy by June 30 - expects the
sale of certificates of participation this spring to generate the much-needed
revenue to help repay $800 million of principal payments to short-term note
holders, Bode said. These are largely institutional investors who bought into
the county's investment pool that lost approximately $1.6 billion, he added.

Still, the fact that the county has not defaulted on any of its long- term debt
obligations indicates it appears well positioned in its attempt to pay back
investors and make the best of a bad situation, Bode said.

Jefferson Parish

John Nuveen & Co.

Eric Seed

The grass-lined banks of Louisiana's $350 million bond-funded drainage system
recently suffered close to $8 million in damage because of unwanted rodents
called nutria living in Jefferson Parish, according to Eric Seed, an analyst
from John Nuveen & Co.

The vermin use their four incisors to constantly erode the banks of the city's
drainage system, which accounts for 46% of Jefferson Parish's general obligation
debt, Seed said.

What will be done to prevent future destruction remains to been seen,he added,
although one state agency has suggested marketing nutria as a dietary delicacy
in Louisiana.

Cobb County

Fitch Investors Service

Richard J. Raphael

A healthy economic structure characterized by heavy employment, strong capital
planning, controlled spending, and a 2.1% debt level have earned Cobb County,
Ga., a reputation as a low-debt municipality, according to Richard J. Raphael,
an analyst from Fitch.

About 85% of the county's capital plans are funded by current revenues, and in
recent years $50 million was allocated for capital projects from this source,
the analyst said. The major revenue source comes from high property tax rates,
he added.

Furthermore, the already healthy jobs picture in the county is expected to
brighten further with several planned expansions, Raphael said.

De Minimis

Smith Barney Inc.

Mark Matthews

Corporate investors should resume buying variable-rate demand securities now
that a retroactive recall of the de minimis exemption is less of a concern,
according to Mark Matthews, an analyst from Smith Barney.

A proposal introduced by the Senate Finance Committee to change the tax code in
early December has since been quelled - a decision that is expected to spark a
positive trend for short-term municipals in the next few weeks with corporate
buyers re-entering the market, Matthews said.

While the PSA index was lowered this week to 3.09% - a usually unattractive
level for corporate investors - corporate buyers may be encouraged to invest if
the traditional spike in rates during income tax season is less severe than
expected, he said.

Retail Buying

Prudential Securities Inc.

James P. McGinley

Retail investors will make a noticeable impact on the municipal market over the
next week as they take advantage of a recent back-up in rates, according to
James P. McGinley, a municipal strategist at Prudential Securities.

The attractiveness of current yield levels and the spread to Treasuries will
also motivate institutional investors to become active buyers, according to
McGinley, who predicts municipals will outperform Treasuries even though the
yield on the long bond will rise to nearly 7%.

Money Market Funds

Merrill Lynch & Co.

Evan Lamp and Natalie Podberezsky

The threat of tax reform and recent low interest rate levels has been a boon for
money market funds, according to Evan Lamp and Natalie Podberezsky, analysts
from Merrill Lynch.

Tax reform fears caused a 10% boost in money market funds from 1995 levels as
individuals made a shift to cash assets, Lamp and Podberezsky said.

However, since fears about tax reform have recently eased, investors hoping to
take advantage of a recent rise in interest rates have shown an increase in
demand for long-term bonds, the analysts said.

New York Cities

Roosevelt & Cross Inc.

Anne G. Ross

Rome, N.Y., is a shining example of how a city located in a state with overall
financial problems can avoid similar fiscal dilemmas, according to Anne G. Ross,
an analyst at Roosevelt & Cross.

Unlike the neighboring town of Utica, Rome's sizable property tax increases have
generated revenues that offset the recent cuts in state subsidies, Ross said. In
addition, the privatization of its city hospital has eased its expense burden,
she added.

Though their financial problems are manageable, sister cities Utica and Troy are
suffering from operating deficits caused in part by excessive expenditures,
shortfalls in sales tax revenues, and limited financial flexibility, according
to Ross. Part of the reason behind the state and municipalities' financial
strain is the failure of the federal government to pass a budget, coupled with
an increasing state budgetary gap, she said.

SECTION: INVESTORS & INVESTING; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1450 words

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 27, 2009 Thursday

Forum finds interest in program for new moms

BYLINE: Michaela Gibson Morris, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo,
Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 384 words


Aug. 27--TUPELO -- Independent of the national health care reform debate,
Mississippi communities have an opportunity to help young mothers and babies.

At a Tuesday forum, Pam Shaw, a senior policy consultant with the Children's
Defense Fund, shared information about the Nurse Family Partnership.

"The next step depends on the political will of the community," Shaw said after
the forum at the BancorpSouth Arena.

The evidence-based program focuses on at-risk, first-time moms during their
pregnancy and during the first two years of their child's life. The program uses
registered nurses to work with the moms on their health and their children's
health.

The program began in upstate New York in 1977 and has been replicated in
communities across the country, including Memphis.

There is a pilot program in Picayune, Shaw said.

University Medical Center's pediatrics department has a similar program in the
Jackson area and the Delta. The Family Resource Center offers the Parents as
Teachers program, where pregnant and new moms get visits from trained social
workers.

Mississippi has one of the worst infant mortality rates in the country, and
people attending the forum agreed there is a significant gap in medical coverage
for new moms. An important component of the Nurse Family Partnership is working
with new mothers to prevent repeat pregnancies that are too close, Shaw said.

Medicaid will cover pregnant women, but they only get a six-week postpartum
visit after the baby is born.

"We don't take care of the lady until she's pregnant with the next baby," said
retired Tupelo pediatrician Dr. Bill Hilbun.

Statewide forums on the Nurse Family Partnership are being held through a grant
from the W.K. Kellogg Foundation. CATCH Kids, which provides school and
community based clinics in Lee, Chickasaw and Pontotoc counties, hosted the
Tupelo forum.

To see more of the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.djournal.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090827-TP-Forum-finds-interest-in-program-for-new-moms-0827

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2009 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Mergers & Acquisitions, The Dealmaker's Journal

                                January 1, 2015

SunTrust Secures New Slate of Bankers

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: PEOPLE; Pg. 48 Vol. 50 No. 01

LENGTH: 2412  words


SunTrust Robinson Humphrey has recruited nine advisers to its ranks.

The Atlanta-based investment bank tapped John McCracken and Sugeet Madan as
managing directors in San Francisco. Previously, McCracken was at US Bancorp,
while Madan worked at Bank of America/Nations Bank.

Joining them in San Francisco are Aaron Eichler as a managing director and Kevin
Lowe as a director. Both join SunTrust from Bank of America Merrill Lynch (NYSE:
BAC).

Over in Los Angeles, Erik Velastegui and Deborah Ironson Katz join SunTrust as
managing directors. Velastegui previously worked at BBVA Compass. Ironson Katz,
a 25-year banking veteran, previously held leadership posts at Wells Fargo
(NYSE: WFC), JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) and Citigroup (NYSE: C).

Mike Chryssikos, also a Bank of America veteran, has been tapped to oversee the
bank's southwest region services out of Houston. Will Rowe, most recently at RBS
Citizens, comes aboard as a managing director in Boston. David Nackley, also an
RBS Citizens veteran, joins SunTrust in New York as a managing director.

AGC Partners-Gee Leung has joined the Boston investment bank's Silicon Valley,
California, office as a partner in the Internet and digital media group. Over
the course of 16 years in banking, Leung has advised a range of clients,
including Viacom Inc. (Nasdaq: VIA) and YP Holdings. Previously, Leung worked
with boutique banks Mesa, Friedman Billings Ramsey and Montgomery & Co. He began
his career at Salomon Brothers, which was purchased in 1997 by Citigroup Global
Markets Holdings Inc., a unit of Citigroup.

Altus Capital Partners-Tom Groh has joined the Wilton, Connecticut, private
equity firm as a principal focusing on deal generation. Prior to joining Altus,
Groh worked in middle-market investment banking at KPMG Corporate Finance in
Chicago. He will be based in Altus' Lincolnshire, Illinois, office.

BKM Capital Partners- The private equity firm has announced two new hires.
Michael Hernstad and Charlie Ittner have joined BKM from Colony Capital and
Platinum Equity, respectively. As executive staff fund management experts,
Hernstad will serve as BKM's director of finance and accounting, while Ittner
will oversee fund structures as director of investor relations. Separately, BKM
announced that its board of advisers now includes former Morgan Stanley CEO John
Mack; former president of equitable real estate investment management Paul
Dolinoy; and RCP Advisors co-founder Jeff Gehl. BKM co-founders Brian Malliet
and Nima Taghavi will remain on the board.

Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE: COF)- The McLean, Virginia, bank holding
company hired Greg Steele as managing director. He will work within Capital One
Securities Inc. and oversee growing the firm's real estate investment banking
practice. Prior to joining Capital One, Steele was managing director of the real
estate segment at BMO Capital Markets.

Centerview Partners-Paul Collins has joined the New York investment bank as a
partner. Originally, Collins was with Barclays plc, where he was vice chairman
and global head of chemicals. Prior to that, he oversaw the chemicals group at
Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch, and served as managing director at the
Blackstone Group. Previously, he advised Carlyle Group's $4.9 billion
acquisition of Dupont Performance Coatings.

Delta Galil Industries Ltd. (DELTY.PK/OTCQX)- The Tel Aviv-based apparel
manufacturer for men, women and children has named Maurice Reznik president of
the company's USA segment, effective Jan. 5, 2015. Reznik joins after serving as
CEO of Maidenform Inc., where he helped establish the company's specialized bra
and shapewear categories - key areas that Delta Galil has targeted for growth.
At Delta Galil, Reznik will also be CEO of the company's women's intimate
apparel unit for both the U.S. and U.K.

Dresner Partners- The Chicago investment bank has hired W. Robert Friedman as
managing director. A medical device expert, Friedman joined Dresner from
Northeast Securities Inc., where he was a managing director. Prior to that, he
was the co-head of Burnham Securities' health care investment banking practice
for seven years. Friedman also ran the health care practice for Dominick &
Dominick, and ran the health care industry group for merchant bank Flemings as a
managing director. He also held a variety of positions at several other firms
including Citibank, Montgomery Securities, Prudential Bache, L.F. Rothschild and
Unterberg Towbin. The announcement was made on the heels of Dresner's hiring of
Nishant Bubna as vice president. Bubna was called to Dresner from KPMG Corporate
Finance, where he was a senior associate. Prior to joining KPMG, Bubna was at
several other investment banks, including Houlihan Lokey, Kinetic Advisors LLC,
Charterhouse Equity Partners LLC and UBS.

Duane Morris LLP-Kristy Wagner has jumped from Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld
LLP to Duane Morris as a partner in the firm's energy practice group in New York
and Washington, D.C. Her addition bolsters the firm's environment, resources and
construction practice groups.

Duff & Phelps-Brian Sipes has joined the Dallas location of the New York
investment bank as a managing director. He will specialize in transaction
advisory services where he will advise both buyers and sellers on due diligence
matters, as well as financial projections and post-closing purchase price
disputes. Before Duff & Phelps, Sipes was with investment bank Houlihan Lokey.

Genstar Capital LLC- The San Francisco private equity firm named Daniel Bilot to
the advisory board of portfolio company Palomar Insurance Holdings. In this
role, he will be assist in evaluating business development opportunities and
advise on property catastrophe analytics initiatives. Bilot, who is currently
the CEO of Capital Risk Partners, was previously senior vice president at
independent reinsurance brokerage firm Holborn Corp.

Gibson Dunn & Crutcher LLP- The law firm tapped Gregory Merz in the Washington,
D.C., office as of counsel. Formerly a managing director with Legg Mason and
most recently a special regulatory counsel with Proskauer Rose, Merz will
continue his regulatory and compliance practice at Gibson Dunn with a focus on
the asset management industry.

Grant Thornton LLP-Greg Chin has joined the New York advisory firm as a managing
director. He will work out of Grant Thornton's Boston branch. Most recently,
Chin was a managing director within the transaction advisory services practice
at Duff & Phelps Corp., where he was responsible for client and engagement and
business development. Previously, he was a managing director in the transactions
advisory services practice of FTI Consulting Inc., and a director at
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.

Jefferies LLC- Sage Kelly, head of Jefferies Group LLC's health care
investment-banking group, is taking a leave of absence. Before arriving in 2009,
Kelly was a managing director at UBS Securities LLC for more than 10 years and
worked at Salomon Smith Barney.

Hall & Company- The Orange County, California-based accounting firm has named
Jeremy Wheeler director of audit services. The move coincides with the firm's
expansion efforts into the technology, consumer markets, manufacturing and real
estate sectors. Wheeler previously worked for more than 12 years at the Orange
County office of KPMG LLP.

Hoberman Law Group PLLC-Lori Hoberman, an attorney who specializes in venture
capital-backed startups and was formerly a partner at Chadbourne & Parke, has
opened a New York law firm. As head of Hoberman Law Group, she will continue
advising entrepreneurs. Hoberman currently chairs the NYC Chapter of the MIT
Enterprise Forum and serves as a mentor to 37 Angels, a network of women
investors. In 2014, she helped jumpstart a program to teach entrepreneurship to
high school students.

K&L Gates LLP- The Wilmington, Delaware, office of the law firm tapped Lisa
Stark as a partner within the corporate M&A practice. Stark joins K&L Gates from
National Corporate Research Ltd., where she served as in-house counsel. Stark
specializes in advising boards of directors and significant stakeholders on
various fiduciary and statutory obligations, as well as corporate governance
matters.

KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.- The investment banking arm of Cleveland-based
KeyCorp (NYSE: KEY) has tapped Steve Schauer as a managing director in the
utility, power and renewable energy group. Steve will be based in Boston.
Schauer, a 24-year veteran of energy finance, most recently served as CEO of
Westerly Wind LLC, a wind power developer owned by US Renewables Group.
Separately, KeyBanc announced a Southwest expansion effort with new hires to the
bank's Houston office. Jeff Geuther and Larry Ellis have joined as managing
directors, with Brian Hanley and Eric Appel as directors. Each hire was
previously with Birmingham, Alabama-based BBVA Compass.

Kirkland & Ellis LLP-Ian John has joined the New York law firm from Skadden Arps
Slate Meagher & Flom LLP. He will be a partner within Kirkland & Ellis'
antitrust and competition practice. In the past, he has advised on several high
profile deals, including AB InBev's $21 billion acquisition of the remaining
stake of Grupo Modelo and GTCR's $390 million purchase of Fundtech. Separately,
Ryan Harris has jumped from McDermott Will & Emery to Kirkland & Ellis' Chicago
office where he will be a partner.

Littlejohn & Co.- The private equity firm's portfolio company GSE Holdings Inc.,
an environmental protection service, has named Robert Preston CEO. Preston will
also join as president and chairman of the Chicago-based company's board of
director. Prior to joining GSE, Preston served as CEO of Davis-Standard LLC, a
company specializing in plastics processing. He replaces Chuck Sorrentino, who
will be retiring. Littlejohn took over GSE in 2014 through a bankruptcy process.
GSE filed Chapter 11 in May.

Matrix Capital Markets Group Inc.- The investment bank is establishing a media
and communications group. Managing director Michael McHugh will oversee the unit
out of the bank's Richmond, Virginia, headquarters. Prior to joining Matrix,
McHugh was managing director with Waller Capital Partners, based in New York. In
the past, he has also held leadership positions with WWC Securities, MCG Capital
and General Electric (NYSE: GE).

MG Stover & Co.-Carrie Heintz has been appointed the new director of private
equity and venture capital. Heintz brings 14 years of fund accounting and
administration experience with her to the accounting firm. She began her career
with Arthur Andersen in Denver. After that, she was recruited by one of her
clients, Rock Bottom Restaurants Inc., to establish the company's internal tax
department. In November 2000, KRG Capital Partners tapped Heintz to be a part of
the accounting and finance team where she remained for 14 years, overseeing the
private equity firm's investor relations with more than 300 limited partners, as
well as its annual financial statements and investor reports.

MorrisAnderson & Associates Ltd.-Bruce Goldstein has jumped over to the Chicago
consulting firm where he will advise companies on restructuring matters. Prior
to joining MorrisAnderson, Goldstein held leadership positions at CBIZ, SALA
Capital Corp. and PwC LLC.

Platinum Equity- The Beverly Hills, California-based private equity firm brought
in David Boutry as a principal. Boutry will oversee Platinum's global business
development team. Previously with Deutsche Bank, Boutry has worked at several
other investment firms, including Bear Sterns & Co. Inc., Westbrook Partners
LLC, Merrill Lynch & Co. and Chase Manhattan Bank. Two other principals were
also hired: Randy Teo and Soo Jin Goh. Based in Singapore, Teo and Goh are
expected to help drive deal flow in Asia.

Praesidian Capital- The New York firm hired Serkan Dede and Sarah Pierce as
investment directors for its London office. Most recently, Dede was an associate
director at Lloyds Bank, focusing on acquisition financing and leveraged
buyouts. Pierce worked in Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc's U.K. structured
finance team for five years, recently as a director in the origination and
execution team for the lower middle market.

Pritzker Group Private Capital- The Chicago private equity firm has expanded the
West Coast investment team with three new hires. Based in Los Angeles: are
Michael Dal Bello, a former Blackstone managing director who joins the firm's
health care investment team; Ceron Rhee, a former vice president at TPG Capital
in San Francisco; and associate Evan Earley, who joins from UBS Investment Bank,
where he was an analyst.

Santander Bank NA-Albert Spada has been named managing director and head of
asset-based lending. Prior to joining Santander, Spada was with RBS Citizens
Business Capital, working as a senior vice president and a national sales
leader. Spada also held a variety of leadership positions at CIT Commercial, GE
Commercial Finance, the Bank of New York and Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE: GS). The
Boston bank also announced that Michael DiSandro has been named commercial
banking marketing manager for the middle market business in Rhode Island and
southeastern Massachusetts. DiSandro is responsible for managing Santander's
team that seeks to acquire other retail banking companies in the $20 million to
$500 million range. Prior to joining Santander, DiSandro served as the
commercial enterprise banking director of credit products for Providence, Rhode
Island -based Citizens Financial Group. He was also the senior commercial group
regional manager for Citizens' middle-market lending group and also corporate
finance director for Bank of America's sponsor finance group. He currently
serves on the board of directors of Children's Friend in Providence.

Seyfarth Shaw LLP- The Chicago-based law firm has added four partners to its
litigation department. William Berkowitz, Brandon Bigelow, James McGrath and
John Skelton have each left their posts at Bingham McCutchen to join the Boston
branch of Seyfarth. The four lawyers focus on representing manufacturers and
franchisors in disputes with their franchisees, as well as counseling clients on
antitrust compliance issues and antitrust aspects of mergers and acquisitions.

Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP-Frank Steinherr has joined the New York firm as special
counsel, focusing on private equity investments, as well as securities and
capital markets transactions. Steinherr worked previously at law firm Paul Weiss
Rifkind Wharton & Garrison LLP.

URL: http://www.mergersunleashed.com/

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Journal

JOURNAL-CODE: MAJ


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                            March 11, 2010 Thursday

Ahead Vanguard's Post-Amnesty Dialogue - Highlights of the Niger Delta Technical
Committee Report [column]

BYLINE: Okey Ndiribe

LENGTH: 1488  words


The Federal Government inaugurated the Niger Delta Technical Committee, NDTC, 8
September 2008 with the following terms of reference:

*To collate, review and distil the various reports, suggestions and
recommendations on the Niger Delta from the Willinks Commission Report (1958) to
the present and give a summary of the recommendations necessary for government
action

*To appraise the summary recommendations and present a detailed short, medium
and long term suggestion for the challenges in the Niger Delta

*To make and present to government any other recommendations that will help the
Federal Government achieve sustainable development, peace, human and
environmental security in the Niger Delta region.

Due to the inability of government to implement past reports on the Niger Delta
region and the consequent erosion of trust on the part of the people, the
Technical Committee proposed the adoption of a compact or agreement for all
stakeholders in the region. The compact was supposed to be initiated by the
Federal Government in order to commit all parties to support critical short term
changes that are seen as necessary for stemming the decline of the region into a
full-blown conflict zone.

Ledum Mitee, Chairman, N-Delta Technical Committee.

According to the report, " this short term compact will deliver on visible,
measurable outputs which are expected to produce material gains within an
18-month period....

" This compact will be guided by a principle in which the Federal Government,
other tiers of government and stakeholders report publicly on progress in
implementation every three months. The reporting shall be to the country and
particularly to the peoples of the Niger Delta region through public hearings,
involving the National Assembly and facilitated by the Multi-Stakeholder Niger
Delta Policy and Project Compliance Monitoring Committee.

The expectation of the Committee for proposing this compact was that government
and all parties will undertake to endorse and complete specific actions within a
given time frame.

The report further stated : " The compact aims to deliver the following within
an 18- month period; immediately increase allocation accruing from oil and gas
revenues to the Niger Delta to 25 percent ( i.e. additional 12 percent) within a
framework in which the additional funds are dedicated largely to new
infrastructure and sustainable development of the region.

" Within six months complete initial steps that will support a disarming process
for youths involved in militancy. The process would necessarily have to begin
with some confidence-building measures on all sides.

These measures include cease-fire on both sides, pull-back of forces, open trial
and bail ( with a view to an eventual negotiated release) of Henry Okah. Also
credible conditions for amnesty, setting up a Demobilisation, Disarmament and
Rehabilitation Commission and a negotiated undertaking by militant groups to
stop all kidnappings, hostage taking and attacks on oil installations;

"Improve the operational integrity of security forces and police in the Niger
Delta to a level that assures communities and business groups of safety from
harassment and disruption. This will involve definite steps ( which will begin
in the first quarter of 2009) to eliminate harassment and abuses by security
forces and institute proper programmes of reorientation, demilitarization,
retraining and accountability, for all security operatives;

" Establish by the middle of 2009, a direct labour Youth Employment Scheme in
conjunction with states and local governments that will employ at least 2000
youths in community work in each local government of the states of the Niger
Delta;

"Complete the East-West road dualisation from Calabar to Lagos by June 2010 with
at least one link road to the coast-line in each state. This is in order to open
up the riverine areas, improve economic activities and demonstrate new
commitment to the people. A fully funded maintenance programme for the roads
should be put in place;

" Ensure at least dedicated allocation of 5,000 megawatts of power to the Niger
Delta region by June 2010 to support employment and promote economic growth;

"Establish by 2010 regulations that compel oil companies to have insurance
bonds, strengthen independent regulation of oil pollution and work towards an
effective Environmental Impact Assessment mechanism (EIA), make the enforcement
of critical environmental laws a national priority, expose fraudulent
environmental cleanups of oil spills and prosecute operators, end gas flaring by
December 31st. 2008 as previously ordered by the Federal Government;

"Rehabilitate all existing health-care facilities and provide free medical care
to the elderly of 65 years and above, children under five years and pregnant
women as well as free drugs to all malaria patients in the region;

Rehabilitate and equip all existing public primary and secondary schools the
region and staff them with well-trained teachers as a means of reversing by 50
percent the current rate of WAEC failures in the region.

The Committee further recommended that the: " Federal Government should not
later than December 2009 fully resettle all persons displaced from Bakassi and
forestall on-going dispersion and the eventual extinction of the people as a
collective entity."

In order to fast forward the process and gain momentum the Committee also
recommended the creation of several mechanisms and institutions including; a
National Minorities Commission; a Multi-Stakeholder Niger Delta Policy and
Project Compliance Monitoring Committee; a Special Niger Delta Infrastructural
Intervention Fund; a Niger Delta Futures Trust Fund; a Community Trust Fund for
Oil Producing Communities.

For the purpose of realizing the Disarmament, Demobilisation and Re-integration
(DDR) goal, the Technical Committee proposed that the Federal, state and local
governments should play define roles.

Some of the committee's recommendations are : "That the Federal Government
should establish a credible and authoritative institution which should involve
international negotiators to plan, implement, and oversee the DDR programmes at
regional, state and local government levels; grant amnesty to all Niger Delta
militants willing and ready to participate in the DDR programme; address short
term issues arising from amnesty to militants by promoting security for
ex-militants and rebuilding communities destroyed by military invasion; work out
long term strategies for human capacity development and re-integration of
ex-militants; reflect on time-line with adequate funds for the DDR programme to
take place; stop the illegal demands put on youths from the region and prosecute
the suppliers of small arms and light weapons and also those involved in oil
bunkering by identifying highly placed persons in and outside of government who
are engaged in sponsoring violence for economic and political reasons; ensure
that signatories to the DDR programme show clear accountability to the entire
process; equip the security services especially the Navy to effectively monitor
activities within our coastal waters to check illegal bunkering and trafficking
of arms.

On the part of the state governments in the region the Technical Committee
proposed that ; they should assist in rebuilding communities destroyed by
military invasion; establish youth development centres with counseling
departments for re-integration and capacity building; establish community
demobilization and re-integration committees especially in areas most affected
by conflict; establish development projects such as health centres and schools
at former camps managed by militants.

The roles assigned by the Technical Committee to local governments include: To
discourage further establishment of new militant camps by organizing
enlightenment campaigns to sensitise community people; commit the local people
to participate in the DDR process; expose criminal elements and their sponsors
within the communities.

The Committee also outlined a role for the militants. They were expected to :
Support the DDR process by committing to enter and respect agreements reached;
work with communities for genuine reconciliation to take root and demonstrate
good faith in the DDR processes by giving up weapons in their possession and
agreeing to fully re-integrate.

However, even the committee completed its assignment and submitted its report in
November of the same year, the Federal Government has till date kept mute on its
recommendations. Nevertheless, it is widely believed that the Government decided
to resort to only selective implementation of the report especially the aspect
concerning granting of amnesty to militant youths of the region. This approach
has attracted diverse reactions across the country; while many Nigerians have
praised the Federal and various state Governments for their involvement in the
programme, others have criticised it.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            November 23, 2007 Friday

HEALTH HAPPENINGS

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Contra Costa; Eastern Contra Costa; My Town

LENGTH: 1316 words



     ·    Home Chore Registry Program: East County -- A program for seniors who
          need to hire someone to help with day-to-day tasks. For information
          about this program in East County call 925-439-1202.


United Healthcare Children's Foundation -- California parents with children in
need of medical services or equipment not fully covered by health insurance can
apply for a grant up to $5,000. For information:  http://www.uhccf.org .

Miracles on Wheels power wheelchairs -- No-cost electric power wheelchairs to
non-ambulatory senior citizens, 65 years-and older, and the permanently disabled
of any age. For information and qualifications: 1-800-749-8778,
http://www.jaspanmedical.com .

Wishes on Wheels power wheelchairs -- No cost power wheelchairs for
nonambulatory senior citizens ages 65 and older, and persons of any age with
permanent disabilities. For information and qualification: 1-800-823-5220,
http://www.threewishes2.com .


     ·    John Muir Mobile Health Clinic -- Operates the first four Saturdays of
          the month at 633 Village Drive, Brentwood. Provides free preventative
          and urgent medical care for those who are uninsured or unable to pay
          for care. For a schedule of dates and times, call 925-313-6250.


BLOOD DRIVES

American Red Cross Blood Drives -- 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com to
schedule appointment.

Nov. 23: Noon-5 p.m. Bloodmobile in the parking lot of Regal Cinemas, Deer
Valley, 4200 Lone Tree Way, Antioch.

Dec. 17: 1:30-6:30 p.m. 200 E. Leland Road, Pittsburg. Use code: PITTSBURG.

Dec. 19: 9 a.m.-3 p.m. 2840 Willow Pass Road, Bay Point. Call Mary Morris at
925-458-7211 to schedule an appointment.

Dec. 28: 1-6 p.m. Sutter Delta Medical Center, Antioch. Use code:
SUTTERDELTAANT.

SUTTER DELTA


     ·    Sutter Delta Medical Center offers the following health events, 3901
          Lone Tree Way, Antioch:


Women's Health Center Tours: 1:30 or 7:30 p.m. first and third Mondays monthly.
925-779-7230.

"Calling It Quits": Smoking Cessation, Do you want to kick the habit of smoking?
Classes are scheduled as needed. For information, call 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Lactation Services, The Women's Health Center has lactation consultants with
services available for outpatient appointments. 925-779-7200, Ext. 4206,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Ready, Set, Deliver: 6-8:30 p.m. Nov. 28 and Dec. 5. Prepares the mother and
support person for labor and delivery and the postpartum period. Community
Education Room. $75 per couple. Registration: 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Diabetic Education Series: 1-2:30 p.m. Dec. 3, 10, and 17. Understand diabetes
and how to control it through counseling, education and the support of others.
Edna Fallman Center. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

ABCs of Congestive Heart Failure: 10 a.m.-noon Dec. 5 and 12. A two-day class to
learn some tricks of the trade for coping with this manageable condition. Edna
Fallman Center. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570,  http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Quarterly Diabetes Workshop: Protecting Against Heart Disease: 6-7:30 p.m. Dec.
6 and 12:30-2 p.m. Dec. 7. Come and meet others who share the same frustrations
and victories as you. A cardiologist will be available to answer your questions.
Community Education Room. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Advance Health Care Directive: 10-11:30 a.m. Dec. 10. Allows you to appoint
someone to speak on your behalf in the event of an emergency or if you are too
ill to make your wishes known. Edna Fallman Center. Free. Registration:
925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Little Helper: 6:30-7:30 p.m. Dec. 12. Helps children ages 3 to 8 prepare for a
new baby in the family. Women's Health Center. $10 per family. Registration:
925-779-3570,  http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Get Tough On Angina: 1-3 p.m. Dec. 14. Get a better understanding of angina: the
cause, diagnosis and treatment of this disease. Edna Fallman Center. Free.
Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Cardiac Risk Factors: 6-8 p.m. Dec. 19. Many have factors that put them at risk
of high blood pressure, heart attack and strokes. Find out how to change those
risk factors. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

CPR for Family and Friends: 5-8 p.m. Dec. 19. Teaches recognition and emergency
resuscitation techniques for laypersons who want to learn rescue skills for a
loved one. This is not a certification class. Edna Fallman Center. $10 per
person. Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

JOHN MUIR SENIOR SERVICES


     ·    John Muir Medical Center offers the following senior services at
          various locations:


Memory Screening, Morning and afternoon appointments available Dec. 18-19. Take
advantage of a seven minute screening that will provide you with information to
discuss with your physician. John Muir Out Patient Center, 2400 Balfour Road,
Brentwood. Free. Reservations: 925-947-3300.

JOHN MUIR, BRENTWOOD


     ·    John Muir Outpatient Center, Brentwood offers the following health
          events and services, 2400 Balfour Road, Brentwood:


Osteoporosis Screening, Low-dose screening, hip and spine bone densitometry
exams are available. Physician referral is required. For information, call
925-308-8123.

Babies in Brentwood, Support For New Parents: 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Mondays.
Interact with other new parents and babies age newborn to 6 months. Get
information, support and have fun. No registration required. 925-941-7900.

New Parent Group, 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Lactation: First and third Mondays
facilitated by a board-certified lactation consultant. Other Mondays will be
focused topics and open discussion on various parenting issues. Registration:
925-941-7900, option 3, http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

WOMEN'S HEALTH CENTER


     ·    John Muir Women's Health Center offers the following health events,
          1656 N. California Blvd., Walnut Creek.


The Wig Source, John Muir Medical Center Auxiliary provides free wigs to women
and children suffering hair loss due to medical treatment, such as chemotherapy
for cancer. This service is provided regardless of where treatment is being
received. Wig fitting appointments are available at the John Muir Women's Health
Center. 925-947-5328,

Breast in the Best, 10 a.m.-noon Wednesdays. This weekly drop-in class is for
breast-feeding mothers to come for basic education about general feeding,
supplementing, pumping and storing. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Osteoporosis Exercise, 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. For anyone who has been
diagnosed with osteoporosis. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Post Partum Depression/Anxiety Group: Get help with excessive worries about
yourself or your baby. Call 510-273-9548 for date, times and registration.

First Mondays for Women, Connect with other women on the first Monday of each
month and make new friends. Guest speakers, professional and personal support.
$10 per evening. Times and registration: 925-941-7900.

Yoga for Women, Noon-1 p.m. Tuesdays or 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. $70 for one
month. Registration: 925-942-7900, wwwjohnmuirhealth.com.

THE WELLNESS COMMUNITY


     ·    Offers the following health events, 3276 McNutt Avenue, Walnut Creek


Nutrition and Cancer Treatment, 10 a.m.-1 p.m. Dec. 1. Learn hoe to address
specific nutritional issues. Free. Registration: 925-933-0107.

Stress Reduction, 6-8 p.m. Dec. 4. This workshop will help patients and
caregivers learn to focus and relax the mind and body. Free. Registration:
925-933-0107.

Mindful Chi Kung, 10 a.m.-noon Dec. 8. You will greatly improve your sense of
well-being with this practice along with meditation. Free. Registration:
925-933-0107.

Deep Spiritual Awareness Through the Cancer Experience, 4-6 p.m. Dec. 13. In
this workshop participants will have the opportunity to explore and deepen their
spirituality. Sutter Delta Medical Center, 3901 Lone Tree Way, Antioch. Free.
Registration: 925-779-3570.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           November 15, 2014 Saturday

Business briefing, Sunday, Nov. 16

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 974 words


ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING

St. Paul-based engineering firm Ulteig, has hired Ronald Conner as a senior
right-of-way specialist in TD&C.

CONSTRUCTION

The Opus Group, Minnetonka, has completed four projects for St. Paul-based
outdoor specialty retailer Gander Mountain. Three projects are
52,000-square-foot retail stores in Augusta and Newman, Ga., and Algonquin,
Ill., as well as renovations to an existing store in Forest Lake.

EDUCATION

D. Andrew Brown, assistant vice president for development at the University of
Minnesota Foundation, has been named vice president for advancement at
Macalester College, St. Paul. ... The Minnesota Department of Employment and
Economic Development has awarded three grants under the Minnesota Job Skills
Partnership, to Minnesota State University Mankato, to train employees of
Firmenich, Michaels Foods Inc. and Truck Bodies & Equipment International Inc.

FINANCIAL SERVICES

Beacon Bank, Eden Prairie, has named Mic Klaith a senior vice president,
focusing on commercial and business lending. ... Anchor Bank. St. Paul, has
named Dennis Welch the manager of Small Business Administration sales and
operations, Tricia Schultz has been named bank manager of the Arden Hills
location, and Holly Schmidt has been named bank manager of the St. Paul Park
location.

HEALTH CARE

Brandon Sawalich, senior vice president at Starkey Hearing Technologies, Eden
Prairie, was named the winner of the emerging leader award at the 2014 Leaders
in Health Care ceremony, hosted by Minnesota Business magazine.

LAW

Andrea P. Hoversten, an attorney at Geraghty, O'Loughlin & Kenney PA, St. Paul,
has received the 2014 Deb Oberlander New Lawyer Award from the Minnesota Defense
Lawyers Association, recognizing the professionalism, service and contribution
to excellence in the practice of law by a new lawyer. ... Jim Carey, a personal
injury lawyer at the Twin Cities law firm of SiebenCarey, has been inducted into
the American College of Trial Lawyers. ... Eileen Roberts, of counsel in the
real estate and land use group at Dorsey & Whitney LLP, Minneapolis, has
received the 2014 Minnesota County Recorders distinguished service award. ...
Minnesota Lawyer magazine has named Bradley Walz, a shareholder at Winthrop &
Weinstine, Minneapolis, an up and coming attorney for his professional
accomplishments, community leadership and commitment to the law. ... Susan A.
King has joined the wealth preservation and estate planning team of Moss &
Barnett PA, Minneapolis. ... The law firm of DeWitt Mackall Crounse & Moore SC,
an affiliate of DeWitt Ross & Stevens SC, has named James D. Kremer to lead its
Minneapolis office as its office managing partner. The firm has also earned
national recognition in the 2015 edition of the Best Law Firms report released
by U.S. News Media Group and Best Lawyers. ... Jessica Johnson, an associate in
the trust, estate and charitable planning group at the Minneapolis-based law
firm of Gray Plant Mooty, has received the 2015 Five Star Professional Estate
Attorney award. ... Fredrikson & Byron PA, Minneapolis, has been named a tier 1
metropolitan Best Law Firm in the 2015 edition by U.S. News Media Group and Best
Lawyers. Also named to the list is Lindquist & Vennum LLP, Minneapolis. ...
Arleen Nand has joined the corporate and finance practice as a partner, at the
Minneapolis office of DLA Piper. ... Sarah Duniway and Charlie Maier will become
managing officers at Gray Plant Mooty, Minneapolis, effective April 1.

MARKETING

Gage Marketing Group, Plymouth, has hired Mark Brown as management supervisor,
responsible for global relationship management relating to key marketing
deliverables for Microsoft.

NAME CHANGE

St. Paul-based employee scheduling software firm thisCLICKS Inc. is now When I
Work Inc.

NONPROFITS

Colleen M. Brickle RDH, RF, EdD, has won the inaugural Ann. K. Johnson Community
Health Spirit Award, given by the Delta Dental of Minnesota Foundation, in
recognition of her contributions to improving health in Minnesota.

OPENINGS

The Washburn Center for Children, a first-of-its-kind mental health facility,
has opened in the Peter J. King Family Foundation Children's Mental Health
Building, 1100 Glenwood Ave., Minneapolis. ... Apex Information Technologies, a
national provider of technology-based solutions and services to health care
companies, has opened an additional facility at 1212 Red Fox Road, Arden Hills.
... Retail mortgage lender Guaranteed Rate, has opened a retail location at 3020
Harbor Lane North, Suite 102, Plymouth.

PROMOTIONS

Dan Farley has been promoted to Twin Cities investment lead for U.S. Bank Wealth
Management. ... Jonel DoBoer has been promoted to senior operations
associate/head teller, at Gateway Bank, Mendota Heights. In addition, Alex Coles
and Elisa Dabruzzi have been promoted to credit analyst I. ... Canterbury Park,
Shakopee, has promoted Michael Hochman to vice president of card casino
operations, and Mary Fleming to vice president of human resources.

REAL ESTATE

The Midwest chapter of CoreNet Global has named Marcia H. Droege, MCR, director
of facilities and real estate for Land O'Lakes Inc., Arden Hills, corporate real
estate executive of the year. ... George Karvel, Ph.D., the late Cyril Kuefler
Sr. and Jim Stanton have been inducted into the Minnesota Real Estate Hall of
Fame, established by the Shenehon Center for Real Estate at the University of
St. Thomas Opus College of Business. ... Independent sales associated Nick
Junker has affiliated with the White Bear Lake office of Coldwell Banker Burnet.

RELOCATIONS

Hummingbird Floral and Gifts is now in its newly remodeled location at 4001 Rice
St., Shoreview.

TECHNOLOGY

Inc. Magazine has named Avionte Staffing Software, Eagan, to its Inc. 5000 list,
ranking it number 1,568 in its list of fastest-growing privately-held companies.

EMAIL ITEMS to businessnews@pioneerpress.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 17, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Lower Your Window Shades. Today's Film Is 'The Rookie.'

BYLINE: By MICHELINE MAYNARD

SECTION: Section 3; Column 1; SundayBusiness; NEWS AND ANALYSIS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1321 words


AS the Civil War burst into full flame, Abraham Lincoln went through one
commander after another, searching for a leader to resolve the desperate
situation, all while losses were mounting.

Surely, board members at the nation's airlines would sympathize. At a time when
the airlines are facing their most difficult challenges in recent history, they
are running through one chief executive after another. And as they fire or
otherwise lose the old and hire the new, they are left with chief executives who
are the least-seasoned industry leaders in decades.

All seven of the major airlines have changed C.E.O.'s since the Sept. 11, 2001,
terrorist attacks. The full rotation was completed this month, when Richard H.
Anderson left Northwest Airlines for a health care company. What's more, four
airlines got new leaders just this year; a fifth, Continental, will do so in
January, when Larry D. Kellner is scheduled to succeed Gordon M. Bethune, now
the dean of industry chief executives.

The turnover has coincided with bankruptcy filings at US Airways and United
Airlines, a unit of the UAL Corporation; the threat of a filing at Delta Air
Lines; and a close call at American Airlines, a unit of the AMR Corporation,
which avoided having to seek bankruptcy-court protection only by receiving
last-minute employee concessions. Over all, the major carriers have shed 100,000
jobs and reported losses of $30 billion in the last four years, with billions
more in losses expected this year and next.

The C.E.O. churn shows the depth of the industry's problems -- and suggests a
paucity of solutions. ''This is a picture of an industry in crisis,'' said John
A. Challenger, president of Challenger, Gray & Christmas, the outplacement firm
based in Chicago.

Certainly, airlines have not been alone in shuffling top management. So far this
year, 516 major companies have changed C.E.O.'s, a Challenger, Gray survey
showed.

But few other industries face the kinds of problems found at the major airlines.
Their two biggest operating costs -- labor and fuel -- have been difficult to
rein in. They have no power to raise fares because of competition from
lower-cost rivals, whose discounted prices are all the more visible as consumers
compare fares online. Their debts and pension obligations are crushing. Their
very business models are under attack.

Herbert D. Kelleher, who stepped down as chief executive of Southwest Airlines
in June 2001 but remains chairman, calls the situation ''the denouement of
deregulation.''

Once Mr. Bethune departs Continental, the longest-serving airline chief
executive will be Glenn F. Tilton of United, a former oilman who took charge
there in September 2002. Ranking behind him in C.E.O. seniority in the industry
is Gerard J. Arpey at American, who has spent 18 months in that job.

The relative lack of experience is a recent phenomenon. Chief executives in the
airline business were once like those of many other industries, spending many
years rising through the ranks of their companies, then many more years at the
top. Mr. Bethune, who came from Boeing, is leaving Continental after 10 years in
his job. Robert L. Crandall spent 13 years as chief executive at American before
retiring in 1998 after a 25-year career in the industry. And Mr. Kelleher ran
his airline for two decades.

''You ask yourself: Why are there so many rookies?'' said Michael Useem, a
professor at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. ''I guess the
impish answer is: You might as well give it a try.''

Whether the corner-office quadrille is good or bad is a matter of debate. ''On
the good side, you'll get some fresh looks'' at airlines' problems, said Noel M.
Tichy, a University of Michigan professor and the author of ''The Cycle of
Leadership'' and other management books. ''On the bad side, mixed in there are
probably some rank amateurs who are not going to make it.''

The new chief executives acknowledge that they are guiding the industry through
uncharted territory. ''We're now in a deregulated, e-commerce world,'' said
Douglas M. Steenland, who was named chief executive at Northwest on Oct. 1.

Although he is the rookie among the rookies, Mr. Steenland said he believes he
came to the job well prepared, having served as Northwest's president for more
than three years before his promotion. Indeed, three of the five newest C.E.O.'s
were promoted from within. Mr. Steenland and Mr. Kellner were both presidents,
and Gary C. Kelly of Southwest was chief financial officer before he was
promoted in July, replacing James F. Parker, who had succeeded Mr. Kelleher.

Mr. Kelleher said he helped to groom Mr. Kelly over the years by making sure
that he took on extra duties. But Mr. Kelleher said such training was still no
substitute for time spent at the top. ''There's always some new little
surprise'' that a new C.E.O. encounters, he said.

This year's other newcomers -- Gerald A. Grinstein at Delta and Bruce R.
Lakefield of US Airways -- were board members before taking over. Mr. Grinstein
ran Western Airlines before it was acquired by Delta in 1986; Mr. Lakefield was
a Lehman Brothers executive with no previous airline experience.

Appointing board members rather than promoting executives reflects those
airlines' inability to recruit and groom their own successors, Professor Tichy
said. ''It's not an industry that's attracted the best leadership talent,'' he
said. ''Nobody is dying to go work for an airline. You won't get rich on stock
options in the airline industry.''

In the latest crop of C.E.O.'s, only Mr. Kellner had any chance to anticipate
his promotion. It came after a lengthy battle of wills between Mr. Bethune and
David M. Bonderman, the chief executive of the Texas Pacific Corporation, the
investment firm that was once a major shareholder of Continental. Each agreed to
leave the airline's board; Mr. Bethune also agreed to retire.

The other four found out with as little as a few hours' notice that they would
be assuming the top positions at their companies. Mr. Steenland said the lack of
advance word did not throw him, because he had been working closely with his
predecessor. On Thursday, Northwest reached a tentative deal with its pilots'
union on $265 million in cuts.

It helps to be picked to run the right airline, of course, one with a clearly
defined strategy like that at Southwest when Mr. Kelly took over. Southwest has
not deviated from its lean approach or its perky culture since it was founded in
the 1970's. For now, that approach has paid off. On Thursday, Southwest beat
estimates with a modest third-quarter profit, despite higher fuel costs; that
profit will probably be the only one at a major airline this fall.

Mr. Kelly's rivals can only wish for such a debut. At US Airways, Mr. Lakefield
is consumed by its second trip through bankruptcy court in two years, and Mr.
Grinstein is trying to keep Delta from making its first visit there. While
facing challenges like these, C.E.O.'s will also have to decide how to approach
employees and the public.

THE macho styles of Mr. Bethune, Mr. Crandall and Mr. Kelleher, which made them
business celebrities during the 1990's, could seem jarring at a time when David
G. Neeleman, the chief executive of JetBlue, the upstart low-fare airline, is
regularly found in an apron serving snacks to passengers and hauling trash.
Moreover, experience in bankruptcy court is now as valuable in the industry as
time spent running an airline.

''You do need different leadership styles, according to the era, the challenge,
the contingency,'' Professor Useem said.

For, as President Lincoln discovered, it sometimes takes the challenge of being
in charge to reveal hidden abilities. Once Ulysses S. Grant finally was put in
overall command of the Union Army, he brought the Civil War to a close, albeit a
bloody one. Whether the new airline generals will prove as successful remains to
be seen.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo/Drawing: New or future airline chief executives include Bruce R.
Lakefield of US Airways, left, Gerald A. Grinstein of Delta, Gary C. Kelly of
Southwest, Douglas M. Steenland of Northwest and Larry D. Kellner of
Continental. (Illustration by The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            July 16, 2008 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Vision Insurer to Ask Justices To Restore Its Tax Exemption

BYLINE: By STEPHANIE STROM

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 686 words


The country's largest eye-care insurance program plans to ask the Supreme Court
to decide whether the Internal Revenue Service properly revoked its tax
exemption in 2003, company executives said Tuesday.

The proposed filing, by VSP Vision Care of Rancho Cordova, Calif., highlights a
major debate in the nonprofit arena over what activities deserve tax exemption
when most nonprofit groups charge fees for services and products to supplement
their income from charitable donations.

Nonprofit health care providers in particular have struggled to distinguish
themselves from their for-profit counterparts in recent years as federal
lawmakers have questioned why they deserve tax exemptions. State courts have
also stripped exemptions from nonprofits, like substance abuse centers and
nursing homes, saying they were no different from tax-paying companies providing
similar services.

''We think this case calls into question the tax-exempt status of a number of
tax-exempt organizations,'' VSP's general counsel, Thomas Fessler, said Tuesday.
''It's not just VSP at risk here. It's other hospitals, other health-maintenance
organizations, nursing homes, clinics -- there's a lot of confusion out there.''

Lawyers specializing in nonprofit legal matters agreed, but said they still
doubted that the Supreme Court would hear the challenge.

Perhaps the best-known case among nonprofits was Bob Jones University v. United
States, in which the Supreme Court upheld the I.R.S.'s refusal to grant tax
exemption to the private university because it banned interracial dating and
marriage.

Nonetheless, VSP's challenge is regarded as important in the nonprofit world,
and the company has retained Kenneth W. Starr, the former solicitor general and
Whitewater independent counsel, to prepare for a hearing.

''It's a big deal,'' said Bruce R. Hopkins, a lawyer who has written several
books on nonprofit law. ''There are lots of very similar organizations out
there, so the implications of the I.R.S. move shook things up a bit.''

Kaiser Permanente, Delta Dental and  AARP are among organizations very much like
VSP, which was established in 1955 and granted tax exemption in 1960. Five years
ago, after an examination of VSP's finances and operations from 1996 to 1998,
the I.R.S. revoked its tax exemption.

In a 2002 letter to the company, the I.R.S. said that VSP's ''social welfare
activities, in relation to its total activities, are minor, incidental and
insignificant.''

VSP's president and chief executive, Rob Lynch, said the only difference between
the company today and at its founding was that it is now a national organization
rather than a regional one.

''We provide access to vision care for all segments of our society,'' Mr. Lynch
said. ''We do provide coverage to employers, but to all types, public or
private, ranging in size from the federal government to employers with two
people, and we offer coverage to those who can afford it and those who
participate in Medicare, Medicaid and Schip,'' the State Children's Health
Insurance Program. Some employees of The New York Times are covered by a VSP
program.

VSP also runs several charitable programs, like Sight for Students, which
provides vision care and glasses to low-income, uninsured children -- services
the company valued at $92 million since 1997; and Mobile Eyes, which sends two
mobile clinics around the country to provide vision care after disasters and in
community outreach programs.

''We don't offer our programs through commercial outlets like LensCrafters and
Wal-Mart,'' Mr. Lynch said, ''and over one-third of the providers in our network
are in medically underserved areas.''

VSP has paid some $47 million in taxes while the case has moved through the
courts. A federal district judge in California ruled in favor of the I.R.S. in
2005, and that decision was upheld this year by the United States Court of
Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.

The district judge's decision was issued on a motion for summary judgment rather
than after a trial. So, said Mr. Fessler, the general counsel, ''VSP has never
had its day in court.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                               May 6, 2007 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

Newsmakers

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O20

LENGTH: 438 words


Evans resident enters program

Elyssa Sanner, a sophomore English major at Georgia College & State University,
was chosen as a spring participant for the Georgia Education Mentorship Program.
The semesterlong program provides a direct connection between classroom
knowledge and real-world experience by matching about 20 Georgia College & State
University undergraduate students with prominent state leaders in business,
education, politics, health care and industry.

Sanner is the daughter of Steven and Kim Sanner, of Evans. She graduated from
Greenbrier High School. At college, she is a member of the Alpha Lambda Delta
Honor Society, is the secretary of the Student Ambassador Team and is a mentor
to a local eighth-grade pupil through the Nelnet Servant Leaders Program.

Georgia Tech

Dean's List

The following area students were named to the Dean's List for the fall semester
at the Georgia Institute of Technology:

Appling: Kaycee Andrea Quarles; Martinez: Jennifer Rose Rieck, Garret Olan
Thompson, Joseph Wesley York, Nickolas Hamilton Culpepper-Hickey, Michael
Wei-Chao Fung, David Wayne Jackson, Amanda Christine Marshall, Jena Lynn Haynes,
Michael Edwards Mecredy, William Ahmet Aslaner, Ruth Virginia Brown, Maria Kaye
Petrie, Taryn Renee Ericson, Lauren Elizabeth Haburchak, Akshay Adigala Chander,
Wesley Todd Seagraves, Michael Juno Song and Nicole Anne Thomas; Evans: Aaron
Michael Scott, Eric Alan Scukanec, Lindsay Leigh Moore, Kristina Ashley Nichols,
Neil Jagdishchandra Panchal, Lee Nicholson Peacock, Jessica Shevonne Baker, Kane
Duran Bonnette, Jessica Deshawn Curry, Lauren Ashley Duke, Kristopher Klar
Fausnight, Holly Elizabeth Gindlesperger, Stephen Michael Goldman, Raymond Lee
Jurek, Daniel Phelan Kelly and Kevin Lilley Skenes; Grovetown: Toni Lynn Cliett
and Michael Ross Niehoff; Harlem: Chris William Gamblin.

Wofford College scholarships

Sarah Quattlebaum, a senior at Greenbrier High School, has been awarded a merit
scholarship at Wofford College. She has been selected to participate in
Wofford's Bonner Scholars Program. Sarah is a member of the National Honor
Society, Beta Club and Spanish National Honor Society, and participated in band
for three years. She achieved high honors for academics and is an Upward Bound
Leader. She also participates in Meals on Wheels, Walton Rehabilitation Health
System and Agape Service Ministries. She is the daughter of Billy and Kristie
Quattlebaum, of Evans.

Columbia College President's List

Angela Kay Maselli, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John A. Maselli, of Evans, was
named to the President's List for achieving a grade point average of 4.00 at
Columbia College.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                   October 19, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

Health Charity Called 'Gift to the Community'; $70 Million Agency Builds on
Foundation of Giving

Susan DeFord , Washington Post staff writer

SECTION: HOWARD EXTRA; Pg. M12

LENGTH: 2158 words


The lunchtime discussion in the elegant private dining room focused on what was
happening along crowded U.S. Route 1 in Elkridge. Some elderly residents were
walking along the busy highway to the store or doctor's appointments. Others
weren't leaving their homes at all.

Rich Krieg, president and chief executive of Howard County's newest charity, sat
at the head of the table, his ever-present Palm Pilot by his plate.

"Can we do a pilot project to hook up seniors with transportation?" he asked the
gathering of government, community and nonprofit agency leaders. "Is this
something the community could rally behind?"

An hour later, the discussion was still full of "what if's" and "how to's," but
the group clearly was edging toward a new transportation venture for Elkridge
seniors.

"You have to develop strategies that can fly in the real world," Krieg said
later. "There are no easy solutions in health care."

Maybe not, but the two-year-old Horizon Foundation is pursuing an agenda that's
unprecedented even in a county where nonprofit groups long have been key
partners to government and business.

Horizon, one of the richest charities in Maryland, also is part of a new class
of so-called conversion foundations that is reshaping community health across
the country.

"I don't believe any of us truly understand the impact Horizon will have on our
community," said Al Scavo, chairman of the board for Howard County General
Hospital and one of the creators of the foundation.

Recruited last year, Krieg, 52, draws on the lessons he learned as health
commissioner for Chicago and as a prominent academic and public health policy
analyst in Illinois. He works with a board of trustees that reads like a who's
who of Howard County. Together, they regard Howard's population of 250,000 as a
test audience.

Howard's health problems "are not overwhelming, not intractable," said Richard
G. McCauley, Horizon's board chairman. "If Howard County can't do it, who can?"

Just this week, Horizon announced $ 725,000 in grants, mostly to deal with
substance abuse and health issues involving the elderly and adolescents. In all,
the foundation expects to award annual grants totaling $ 3 million to $ 4
million, or nearly 10 times the amount awarded by the 31-year-old Columbia
Foundation, the next biggest grant-giver maker in the county.

Horizon's wide view of public health means it not only assists community service
groups but it also promotes new strategies for broad social issues.

"The Horizon Foundation can look at the whole system," said Barbara K. Lawson,
Columbia Foundation's executive director. "Our approach is much more one
organization at a time."

The Horizon Foundation was part of a shrewd deal crafted by the leaders of
Howard County General Hospital.

In the late 1990s, the nonprofit hospital was in good financial shape, but its
directors knew they'd have to invest millions of dollars to stay competitive.
They went looking for a well-heeled suitor who would see the 233-bed hospital,
situated in a mostly affluent community, as a prime acquisition.

"We had many prospective partners," said Victor Broccolino, president and chief
executive of the hospital. "When you have many prospective partners, you
inevitably increase the value."

When the hospital announced its merger with the nonprofit Johns Hopkins Medicine
in March 1998, it said about $ 40 million of the $ 155 million transaction would
be earmarked for a new foundation.

In addition, large reserves to handle outstanding debt were held in escrow as
the merger commenced. Ultimately that reserve and all the hospital's remaining
cash went to the new foundation and swelled its endowment to $ 70 million.
Recent investments have boosted it to $ 74 million.

When a nonprofit hospital is sold to a for-profit entity, federal and state laws
require that a foundation be created to fulfill the original charitable mission
of serving the entire community. Because Howard County General merged with
another nonprofit, those laws didn't apply. But hospital officials still
insisted on a foundation.

"The foundation was in essence our gift to the community," Broccolino said.

Horizon got off to a fast start by tapping into the county's large array of
nonprofit service groups. Although they may lack fax machines and computers,
these groups are at the front lines in providing health care for Howard's
working poor, newly arrived immigrants and homebound elderly.

Because of Horizon's deep pockets, volunteer Kathleen Castellanos treats
patients at the Grassroots Crisis Intervention Center without having to scrounge
for medicine and equipment. At the Central Maryland Rehabilitation Center,
clinical manager Sharon Dickmann offers a free program for new parents seeking
expert advice on early childhood. On Sundays, worshipers at First Presbyterian
Church line up for blood pressure screenings by Kristine Holmes, the parish
nurse.

The nonprofits "are not just recipients of money. We supplement their
resources," said Padraic Kennedy, a Horizon trustee and former Columbia
Association president.

Although service groups and agencies may share heightened expectations for
largess from Horizon, the foundation doesn't see itself as Santa Claus.

"Based on the size of the county, we're able to say yes a lot," said Krieg. But
he added, "We have to say no. It's part of the job."

Early on, Horizon's officials and accountants structured the foundation so it
would not have to engage in the fundraising required by a public charity or pay
federal taxes levied on private foundations. Officially, it became a support
organization to Howard Community Health Foundation Inc., a charity with little
presence beyond a nameplate at the door to Horizon offices.

Only one other conversion foundation exists in the Washington region. The
six-year-old Consumer Health Foundation in Washington makes about $ 1 million in
grants annually.

Nationally, Horizon is a middleweight among its counterparts, the largest of
which have billions of dollars in endowments. Between 1973 and 1999, 134
conversion foundations emerged in the United States after nonprofit hospitals,
health plans and systems were sold or merged, often because of increased
competition, according to Grantmakers In Health, a Washington research group.

These foundations, most less than a decade old, already control a big chunk of
all philanthropic dollars devoted to health care. Their total financial assets
exceed $ 15 billion, and Grantmakers In Health estimates they award about $ 664
million a year in grants. In 1995, all health-related grants in the United
States totaled $ 1.9 billion, according to Grantmakers.

Some foundations emerged only after vociferous community battles, particularly
in California, where billions of dollars were at stake when statewide health
plans became for-profit entities.

Some foundations share Horizon's broad interpretation of community health,
funding mass media campaigns to urge adult involvement with children, buying
firefighting equipment and starting violence prevention programs. That strategy,
however, can backfire when foundations go too far and end up with a scattershot
approach.

Beyond figuring out how best to spend their money, conversion foundations must
devise ways to remain accountable, a "very murky subject" in philanthropy, said
Lauren LeRoy, president and chief executive of Grantmakers In Health.

"There's a greater need to communicate about the foundation and what it's all
about," LeRoy said.

The foundation also has adopted a conflict-of-interest policy that bars its
trustees from participating in decisions about nonprofit agencies with which
they've been involved.

The first Horizon board emerged from private networking among community leaders,
rather than from a public selection process. Even now, Horizon's search to add
new board members is being done quietly. As with other foundations, the board
meets in private, and trustees can be reappointed indefinitely.

To shape its grants, Horizon has held public forums and formed local advisory
groups. Horizon is about to unveil its Web site, and it promises its first
annual report early next year.

Some experts argue that conversion foundations such as Horizon are in essence a
public institution and therefore should adopt more open procedures.

"We suggest ways of thinking that don't make it the kind of closely held,
in-group process that's typical of foundations," said Deborah Cowan, an analyst
with Community Catalyst, a Boston-based health advocacy group.

Community Catalyst has compiled a new manual of best practices for conversion
foundations, urging such features as term limits for board members,
community-based planning and measurable performance standards.

"The community does have a stake in this," Cowan said. "They created this
asset."

Horizon officials said that they think they've been diligent in making the
foundation responsive but that they don't rule out future changes.

"We're evolving in good ways," Krieg said. "If there are best practices that
improve community health, that's the bottom line."


Horizon Projects


ASSISTING COMMUNITY SERVICE GROUPS

Since last year, the foundation has awarded local agencies and service groups
more than $ 1.48 million to pay for more mental health services, medical
supplies, health screenings, new treatment and counseling programs and classes.
In this area, its biggest individual grant was $ 264,000 to Health Alliance for
Patients in Need, the county's free clinic, to expand its staff and hours of
operation.


AGING

Horizon's single largest initiative, the Aging In Place project, uses grants
totaling $ 449,500 to keep Howard's fast-growing senior population safe at home
and engaged in the community.


DRUGS

Horizon is paying $ 194,500 for a year-long study, called the Delta Project,
that looks at how the county handles substance abuse, from prevention to
treatment to the criminal justice system. In addition, the foundation has
awarded $ 105,000 for a community policing program in North Laurel to fight drug
use and related crime.


YOUTH

Horizon has launched the three-year Adolescent & Youth Wellness Project to find
ways to bolster school staffs and families, while enhancing character education
for students. The foundation could spend up to $ 500,000 on the pilot program in
16 county schools. Horizon also has awarded $ 199,000 for a school social worker
program at two elementary schools.


Horizon Foundation Board of Trustees


Officers


RICHARD M. KRIEG, president and CEO. Former commissioner of health for the City
of Chicago, former associate dean and CEO of the School of Public Health at the
University of Illinois.

RICHARD G. McCAULEY, chairman. Retired senior vice president and general counsel
of The Rouse Co. A former Maryland assistant attorney general.

RONALD H. CARLSON, vice chairman. President of the Institute for Community
Health in Columbia. Former member of the Columbia Council.

CONSTANCE S. ROTAN, secretary. Retired vice president for administration,
secretary of the university and secretary of the board of trustees for Howard
University. Former assistant dean and assistant professor, Howard University
School of Law.

JAMES R. MOXLEY, JR., treasurer. President of Security Development Corp. of
Ellicott City. Chairman of the board, the Columbia Bank.


Other Members


JUDITH A. BRITZ, president and CEO of Cylex Inc., a medical technology firm
based in Columbia. Board member, High Technology Council of Maryland and the
BioScience Alliance.

BENJAMIN S. CARSON, director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Johns Hopkins
Medical Institutions. Holds several appointments at the Johns Hopkins School of
Medicine. Author of autobiographies.

ROSEMARY A. DAVIS, consultant, National Organization of Black County Officials.
Former executive vice president of the National Medical Association.

ROBERT M. DUGGAN, president and co-founder of Traditional Acupuncture Institute
of Columbia. Chairman, Maryland State Board of Acupuncture.

PADRAIC M. KENNEDY, former president of the Columbia Association. On founding
staff of the Peace Corps, and former national director, VISTA.

DENNIS W. MILLER, manager of project administration at the Rouse Co. Former
senior vice president, Commercial and Farmers Bank.

GARY L. MILLES, physician in internal medicine and geriatrics in Ellicott City.
Founder, Physicians Alliance for Patients in Need.

JOAN PAIK, member of the national board of directors of the League of Women
Voters. Former president, League of Women Voters for Maryland and for Howard
County. Founding member, Howard County Healthcare Coalition.

CHRISTOPHER C. TSIEN, attorney, past treasurer and board member of the
Foreign-Born Information and Referral Network. Former president and treasurer,
Columbia Business Exchange.



LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Symbol

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2013 Monday

Douthit to Serve as Student Trustee

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: Indiana


Indiana University of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Aaron Douhit, Stump Creek, a sophomore Nursing major, has been appointed by
Governor Tom Corbett as the student trustee on the IUP Council of Trustees.

Douthit will serve in the role of student trustee until his graduation in 2015.

"IUP has been very fortunate to have a tradition of outstanding student trustees
who are fully committed to advancing the university in this important leadership
role," IUP President Michael Driscoll said. "I am confident that Aaron will
bring strong leadership skills and an important perspective to this governing
body."

"I am honored to serve on the Council of Trustees, and look forward to lending
my hand in the advancement of a university that already has so much to offer,"
Douthit said.

Douthit serves as a peer educator for IUP's Learning Enhancement Center, where
he leads group instruction on study habits twice a week. He has also served as a
classroom assistant for the College Undergraduate Success Program for new
students and is a representative of the Residence Hall Association. He is a
member of the IUP Ambassadors, the student alumni group, and Phi Delta Theta
fraternity.

A dean's list student, Douthit received the Bausch and Lomb award for success in
the biological sciences and recently received the Undergraduate Nurse
Scholarship from DuBois Regional Medical Center. During summer 2013, he will be
participating in an internship in the facility's intensive care unit and
cardiovascular intensive care unit.

He is a member of AmeriCorps Community Fellows Program and performs 300 hours of
college readiness and success service every year, serving academic assistance
programs and community service opportunities in the Indiana area. He also has
volunteered for the Intro the Streets day of community service, working at the
Evergreen Conservancy.

He achieved his Boy Scout Eagle Scout Award in 2009.

Douthit, son of William and Tammy Douthit, is a 2011 graduate of Punxsutawney
High School, where he graduated with high honors and was named Rotary Boy of the
Month and Student of the Month.

For more information please visit: http://www.iup.edu.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                August 06, 2013

Exxonmobil Pledges to Support Akwa Ibom Eradicate Malaria

LENGTH: 475 words


ExxonMobil has restated its commitment to continue to work with Akwa Ibom State
and other relevant government agencies and reputable non-government
organisations to eradicate malaria in the state.

Managing Director of Mobil Producing Nigeria (MPN) and Lead Country Manager of
ExxonMobil Subsidiary Companies in Nigeria, Mr. Mark R. Ward, made the pledge at
end-of-project dissemination of community direct interventions for the
prevention and control of malaria in pregnancy (MIP) and children in Akwa Ibom
State.

The programme was jointly sponsored by ExxonMobil, John Hopkin's Programme of
International Education in Gynaecology and Obstetrics (JHPIEGO), Akwa Ibom State
Government, and Ellicott Dredges Company.

The event tagged: "Saving the Lives of Women and Children" was held to mark the
end of a programme that started in 2007 in four local government areas (LGAs)
but was later increased to six LGAs in the state.

Ward represented by Manager, Medicine & Occupational Health of MPN, Mr. Ayodele
Fagbemi, stated ExxonMobil would remain committed to eradicating malaria as it
recognised that it had left debilitating effect on the socio-economic well-being
of any nation.

He said the foundation had so far spent over N157 million in grant and services
to fight malaria in 16 malaria endemic countries and this makes it the largest
non-pharmaceutical company donor to malaria control.

According to him, ExxonMobil that had been working with local and international
partners "is committed to reducing malaria impact through prevention, education
and treatment."

Ward noted the project result had shown that community-based programmes could
increase access to malaria prevention and control and also increase healthcare
services.

"The project has donated six microscopes for diagnosis of malaria parasites, six
hemocue blood analysers for proper investigation of anaemia in pregnancy to
health facilities in the LGAs that the project was carried out.

"In Nigeria ExxonMobil is working with local and international partners to fight
malaria as it has provided 80,000 long-lasting insecticides treated nets in
seven states of Akwa Ibom, Rivers, Cross River, Delta, Imo, Ondo and Lagos since
2009", he said.

Ward appreciated all stakeholders in their efforts to give Nigerians good health
through the programme and for ExxonMobil to sustain the programme to meet the
MDGs goals of Vision 20:20:20.

On its part, the Akwa Ibom State Government said it would not relent in its
commitment to support all intervention programmes on health to minimise the
burden of malaria in pregnancy in the state.

The state government observed malaria remained major health problem that had
always affected the socio-economic potentials of the socio-economic potentials
of the state especially as it concerned the vulnerable group of under five years
children and pregnant mothers.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Sebree Banner (Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 22, 2013

Board OKs Middle School Plans

BYLINE: The Sebree Banner staff

LENGTH: 1611  words


In a three hour session Monday night, the Webster County Board of Education
approved plans for the middle school renovation project and gave the green light
to the roof restoration documents. The group also approved a number of
contracts, discussed salaries for employees and opened letters of interests from
potential board attorneys.

Jeff Halverson of Clotfelter-Samokar presented a set of middle school
renovations plans to each board member and walked them through the plans and
alternates for the project. The middle school will be connected to the high
school, but a fire wall and fire doors will separate the two facilities,
Halverson told the board. He noted that the plans call for 12 classrooms, five
resource rooms, a computer lab, new restrooms, science rooms and an
administrative suite as well as modifications to the annex cafeteria so that it
can accommodate the number of students who will be using it. Alternative bids
for the renovation call for a new media center for the middle school as well an
additional parking lot.

The project will also include replacing ceding and exterior wall panels,
refinishing floors, moving lockers, replacing windows and adding new fire
suppression equipment. A new bus loop will also be added. The project is
estimated to cost $4.2 to $4.4 million, a price that includes the base bid and
the two alternate bids, Halverson said. The board approved the drawings and a BG
3 for the project.

A BG 2 and a BG 3 were also approved for the roof project over the proposed
middle school facility. The cost of that project is estimated at $359,998.

Food services director Shane Bosaw also addressed the board. Bosaw provided
information on the Community Eligibility Option (CEO), the Summer Food Service
Program, the USDA obesity grant and asked that three pieces of food services
equipment be declared surplus property.

The CEO program is a federal program that allows schools with 40 percent or more
students receiving state assistance (SSI, food stamps, etc) to feed all students
free, but because of the paper work and accounting with the CEO program,
additional personnel would be needed, Bosaw said. He provided the board with a
number of scenarios to show them what the federal reimbursement would be for
qualifying schools. He also reported that last school year no schools in the
district qualified for the CEO program but noted that both Providence and Sebree
now qualify for the program. He provided numbers on the reimbursement amounts
for those schools and reminded the board that the four year agreement calls for
any short fall to be paid locally. Bosaw recommended that the district delay
participation in the CEO program for at least a year because the entire district
may qualify in 2014-15, making record keeping easier. He noted that the main
benefit to the program is to be able to give free lunches to all students. The
board agreed to delay entry into the program.

Bosaw also reported that the Summer Food Service Program will be in service
again this summer, but at the present time there are only two sites. He also
gave an update on the USDA grant which has Webster County partnering with the
University of Kentucky. Participation in this pi-lot program could lead to grant
funding for the district in the future, Bosaw said.

The food services director asked the board to declare two ranges and a serving
cabinet as surplus property so they can be sold. The board approved the request.

In other matters, the board approved the visions and goals for the district and
once again discussed the school health program.

Superintendent James Kemp presented a proposal that calls for the district to
hire one registered nurse and two certified nurses assistants to take care of
the health issues of students. The registered nurse would be housed in Dixon
while Sebree and Clay would be served by a CNA. The estimated cost for the
revamped program would be $65,000 annually, Kemp said. Board member David
Higgins expressed concern about whether a CNA "can do the things that need to be
done." He was told that once the fiber optics are up and running, the CNAs could
converse with the RN via SKYPE should a situation arise when they need
assistance.

Mickey Dunbar asked if any special insurance will be needed, but Kemp said the
nurses would be fully insured under the board's liability policy.

Board chair Jeff Pettit asked if there is any way to cut ten percent from the
estimated cost for the health care providers noting, "if we don't start looking
at these scenarios of how we can trim costs, we can't continue to spend (at the
rate we're spending)." Pettit also asked if it is possible to cuts the number of
hours the nurses/CNAs will work.

Higgins added that he has concerns about the liability issue of using CNAs
rather than RNs at each school, and Pettit noted he is concerned about schools
assuming responsibility for health care when it is not required.

Leland Steely asked that Kemp provide the board with written guide-fines that
show what the state requires a school to provide in the way of health care for
students. Once that information is received, the board will discuss the matter
further.

In his report, Kemp told the board that 20 more days have been cut from the
Family Resource Youth Sevices Center employees days. He also noted that the
district will continue to have student athletic insurance with Roberts
Insurance. There will be a slight increase in the premium, he said.

The board received five letters of interest for the position of board attorney.
Letters were received from Frazier, Rogers and Peak of Marion; Jimmy Gentry of
Dixon; William Cox of Madisonville, Mike Owsley of Bowling Green and Ben Leonard
of Leonard Law Firm in Providence. Kemp will forward copies of the letters and
other information to the board for their review and will send copies of the
board approved contract to the candidates before interviews begin on June 3.

The superintendent also provided a copy of the tentative budget which totals
just over $17.7 million and provides for $444,000 in contingency (just shy of
three percent). Kemp said he would like to see the contingency raised, but will
wait to see how the funds balance before making that request. The budget Kemp
presented did not include the salary for a middle school principal and no
figures are available yet for the Delta funds, Fund 360 for Fund 81.

In their discussions about the budget the board also reviewed the impact giving
employees a one percent salary increase would have. The cost of raise would be
just over $128,000 plus an additional 35 percent for benefits, an amount that is
not feasible at this time. Pettit noted, "The average person would believe if
the district operates under a $17 million dollar budget, they should be able to
find a one percent salary increase, but it's not that easy." He added that over
$10 million of the budget is expended on salaries. "If you can't find a way to
do it without cutting teachers and aides, it's not going to happen," Pet-tit
added. He noted that the district can't afford "to short change the core content
teachers" because of the end of course assessments now in place. "We may have to
find a way to replace that teacher we cut at the high school,," he said. The
board chair also noted that he is concerned about the impact the proposed
utility increases will have on district finances.

While SEEK funding declines due to a decline in student numbers, Kemp noted that
property taxes could increase and help bolster the budget. He also noted that
district schools are working diligently to improve the Average Daily Attendance
rate which also impacts school district funding. Teachers are also missing fewer
days; thus, reducing the cost for substitutes, Kemp added.

Following the approval of the tentative budget, the board tabled taking action
on an agreement for services with the West Kentucky Education Coop. They also
failed to approve a request for additional extended employment days for
Instructional Supervisor Kim Saalwaechter. She currently receives 20 extended
days, but the superintendent recommended increasing that number to 50 days at a
cost of about $8000. As the board discussed the matter, Tim McCormick said, "I
can't vote for that. We cut a ides, we cut a teacher at the high school. I'm not
saying she doesn't deserve it. I know she works hard; so do teachers. I just
can't vote for that."

Kemp explained that several years ago Saalwaechter asked that her number of days
be reduced, but now her work demands show a need for additional days.

Pettit suggested the board had a number of options including freezing all
extended days or cutting five days from everybody. Kemp responded that the
latter is not an option because the deadline for reducing a salary has passed.
Pettit noted, "Our whole salary is over two-third of our budget. It (increases)
has to be done on a fair and equitable basis for all employees." Following much
discussion Steely made a motion to approve the extended days as they were in
2013-14 with no increases. The board voted unanimously in support of Steely's
motion.

The board also approved a number of items by consent including field trips and
school reports.

In other matters the group agreed to pay $3451,60 for reconditioning of football
helmets and shoulder pads and okayed the district salary schedules. Pettit asked
the superintendent to put together a list of ways the board supports the
athletic programs in the district, including reduced transportation costs.

Before the meeting adjourned, Pettit asked fellow board members to bring their'
calendars to the June 3 meeting so that meeting dates for the remainder of the
year can be set.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SEB

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 The Sebree Banner


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           February 3, 2011 Thursday

Fundraisers calendar

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Central Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 830 words


Send items to Fundraisers, P.O. Box 8099, Walnut Creek, CA 94596-8099. To obtain
an announcement form, call 925-943-8235.

Mexican Buffet and Film Screening -- 6-10 p.m. Feb. 19. A Mexican food buffet
and no-host bar will be offered, along with a sneak peek of "Wall, The Journey
Up," the documentary of the climb by Steve Wampler, the first person with
cerebral palsy ever to climb El Capitan in Yosemite. Proceeds benefit the
Stephen J. Wampler Foundation, which gives children with physical disabilities
the chance to go on outdoor adventures. Lafayette Veterans Memorial Building,
3780 Mt. Diablo Blvd., Lafayette. $100; RSVP by Feb. 12. 619-957-4285,
www.wamplerfoundation.org .

Concert and Raffle -- 8:30-9 p.m. Feb. 24. During the Campolindo Orchestra
Winter Concert, a raffle will be held to help send the group to Beijing, China.
CPAC, 300 Moraga Road, Moraga. $2/ticket or six for $10. 925-878-9362,
www.campomusic.org .

E-waste recycling -- 9 a.m.-4 p.m. Feb. 5. Benefits Concord High School choir
program and activities. Accepting TVs, monitors, cell phones, printers, copiers,
stereos; visit www.ctrecycling.net for list of acceptable items. 4200 Concord
Blvd., Concord. 925-212-3245.


     ·    Zumba Party Hearty -- 3-5 p.m. Feb. 5. Donations of any amount will
          benefit the American Heart Association. There will also be a raffle,
          and free child care for members. Delta Valley Athletic Club, 120
          Guthrie Lane, Brentwood. 510-604-2216, www.deltavac. com


Crab Feed and Dance -- 5:30 p.m.-11 p.m. Feb. 5. Proceeds will go toward the
organization's scholarship, which will give $1,000 to someone studying to become
a legal secretary, paralegal, court reporter or law office administrator. $40.
Elks Lodge, 1475 Creekside Drive, Walnut Creek. www.mtdiablolpa.info .


     ·    Pleasant Hill Dolfins Crab Feed -- 6:30 p.m. no-host bar, 7:30 p.m.
          dinner Feb. 26. Benefits Pleasant Hill Dolfins Swim Team. Pleasant
          Hill Community Center, 320 Civic Drive. $45; reservations needed.
          925-682-0896.



     ·    Knights of Columbus, Concord Council 6038, Crab Feed -- 6 p.m. Feb. 5.
          Crab, pasta, salad, garlic bread and dessert (steak and vegetable by
          special order); hosted bar: beer, wine, soft drinks, water. St.
          Bonaventure Church large hall, 5562 Clayton Road, Concord. $38; diners
          need to bring own crab utensils/cracking tools. Tickets available at
          church office or call 925-674-0920, 925-685-9547, 925-685-0573,
          925-673-8564.


Concord High Athletic Boosters Crab Feed and Auction -- 6 p.m.-midnight Feb. 5.
Appetizers, Caesar salad, all-you-can-eat cracked crab with cocktail sauce and
lemon, penne pasta with Bolognese sauce and Parmesan cheese, dessert. No-host
bar opens at 6 p.m., dinner at 7 p.m. Dance to DJ, raffle, silent and live
auctions, 50-50 raffle, coaches' dessert auction. Benefits all Concord High
School sports programs. Centre Concord, 5298 Clayton Road, Concord. $50;
reservation deadline Jan. 26. Purchase tickets online at
www.concordhighschool.net/chsathletics/crabfeed.html .


     ·    "Eat to Your Heart's Content" -- 6 p.m. social hour, 7 p.m. dinner,
          Feb. 12. This 36th annual crab feed (a chicken dinner is also
          available) will benefit Adult Day Health Care programs. There also
          will be a raffle and live auction. Reservations required. $40. Nubia
          Laughlin: 925-682-6330.



     ·    Sutter Delta Crab Feed -- 6-7 p.m. cocktail hour, 7 p.m. dinner, Feb.
          26. This crab feed and comedy night also will have door and raffle
          prizes. VFW Post 6435, Fulton Shipyard Road, Antioch. $40.
          925-756-1160.



     ·    Pleasant Hill Dolfins Crab Feed -- 6:30 p.m. no-host bar, 7:30 p.m.
          dinner Feb. 26. Benefits Pleasant Hill Dolfins Swim Team. Pleasant
          Hill Community Center, 320 Civic Drive. $45; reservations needed.
          925-682-0896.



     ·    "Peace, Love & Crab" -- 6-11 p.m. March 5. The Concord High Choir is
          putting on its crab feed. There also will be a raffle and no-host bar.
          Tickets must be purchased by Feb. 26. $45. 925-980-4909.



     ·    Black Families Association Dinner -- 6 p.m. cocktail hour, 7:30 p.m.
          dinner. March 5. The annual Scholarship Fundraiser will offer a
          no-host bar silent auction and dinner. Marriott Hotel, 2355 N. Main
          St., Walnut Creek. $60, or $500 for a table of 10. 925-680-2849.


Charity Cars for Kids -- When you donate your car (running or not) to Charity
Cars for Kids, you will help supply 2,000 children with backpacks filled with
new school supplies. 408-748-0081, www.charitycarsforkids.org .

Donate Your Vehicle to Hospice of East Bay -- Car, truck, boat or RV donation
will help Hospice Foundation of the East Bay raise money to support patients and
families in hospice care. Get free pickup, lawful IRS tax deduction for the fair
market value, avoid confusing Department of Motor Vehicles paperwork or smog
hassles, and avoid the headaches of selling a used vehicle. 925-887-5678,
www.hospiceeastbay.org .

HistoryMobile -- Creative people to help design and outfit the interior of our
new HistoryMobile. Help by decorating displays, posters, and the interior. Nancy
Mulligan: 925-443-3076, n.mulligan@comcast.net .

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           February 3, 2011 Thursday

Fundraisers calendar

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 830 words


Send items to Fundraisers, P.O. Box 8099, Walnut Creek, CA 94596-8099. To obtain
an announcement form, call 925-943-8235.

Mexican Buffet and Film Screening -- 6-10 p.m. Feb. 19. A Mexican food buffet
and no-host bar will be offered, along with a sneak peek of "Wall, The Journey
Up," the documentary of the climb by Steve Wampler, the first person with
cerebral palsy ever to climb El Capitan in Yosemite. Proceeds benefit the
Stephen J. Wampler Foundation, which gives children with physical disabilities
the chance to go on outdoor adventures. Lafayette Veterans Memorial Building,
3780 Mt. Diablo Blvd., Lafayette. $100; RSVP by Feb. 12. 619-957-4285,
www.wamplerfoundation.org .

Concert and Raffle -- 8:30-9 p.m. Feb. 24. During the Campolindo Orchestra
Winter Concert, a raffle will be held to help send the group to Beijing, China.
CPAC, 300 Moraga Road, Moraga. $2/ticket or six for $10. 925-878-9362,
www.campomusic.org .

E-waste recycling -- 9 a.m.-4 p.m. Feb. 5. Benefits Concord High School choir
program and activities. Accepting TVs, monitors, cell phones, printers, copiers,
stereos; visit www.ctrecycling.net for list of acceptable items. 4200 Concord
Blvd., Concord. 925-212-3245.


     ·    Zumba Party Hearty -- 3-5 p.m. Feb. 5. Donations of any amount will
          benefit the American Heart Association. There will also be a raffle,
          and free child care for members. Delta Valley Athletic Club, 120
          Guthrie Lane, Brentwood. 510-604-2216, www.deltavac. com


Crab Feed and Dance -- 5:30 p.m.-11 p.m. Feb. 5. Proceeds will go toward the
organization's scholarship, which will give $1,000 to someone studying to become
a legal secretary, paralegal, court reporter or law office administrator. $40.
Elks Lodge, 1475 Creekside Drive, Walnut Creek. www.mtdiablolpa.info .


     ·    Pleasant Hill Dolfins Crab Feed -- 6:30 p.m. no-host bar, 7:30 p.m.
          dinner Feb. 26. Benefits Pleasant Hill Dolfins Swim Team. Pleasant
          Hill Community Center, 320 Civic Drive. $45; reservations needed.
          925-682-0896.



     ·    Knights of Columbus, Concord Council 6038, Crab Feed -- 6 p.m. Feb. 5.
          Crab, pasta, salad, garlic bread and dessert (steak and vegetable by
          special order); hosted bar: beer, wine, soft drinks, water. St.
          Bonaventure Church large hall, 5562 Clayton Road, Concord. $38; diners
          need to bring own crab utensils/cracking tools. Tickets available at
          church office or call 925-674-0920, 925-685-9547, 925-685-0573,
          925-673-8564.


Concord High Athletic Boosters Crab Feed and Auction -- 6 p.m.-midnight Feb. 5.
Appetizers, Caesar salad, all-you-can-eat cracked crab with cocktail sauce and
lemon, penne pasta with Bolognese sauce and Parmesan cheese, dessert. No-host
bar opens at 6 p.m., dinner at 7 p.m. Dance to DJ, raffle, silent and live
auctions, 50-50 raffle, coaches' dessert auction. Benefits all Concord High
School sports programs. Centre Concord, 5298 Clayton Road, Concord. $50;
reservation deadline Jan. 26. Purchase tickets online at
www.concordhighschool.net/chsathletics/crabfeed.html .


     ·    "Eat to Your Heart's Content" -- 6 p.m. social hour, 7 p.m. dinner,
          Feb. 12. This 36th annual crab feed (a chicken dinner is also
          available) will benefit Adult Day Health Care programs. There also
          will be a raffle and live auction. Reservations required. $40. Nubia
          Laughlin: 925-682-6330.



     ·    Sutter Delta Crab Feed -- 6-7 p.m. cocktail hour, 7 p.m. dinner, Feb.
          26. This crab feed and comedy night also will have door and raffle
          prizes. VFW Post 6435, Fulton Shipyard Road, Antioch. $40.
          925-756-1160.



     ·    Pleasant Hill Dolfins Crab Feed -- 6:30 p.m. no-host bar, 7:30 p.m.
          dinner Feb. 26. Benefits Pleasant Hill Dolfins Swim Team. Pleasant
          Hill Community Center, 320 Civic Drive. $45; reservations needed.
          925-682-0896.



     ·    "Peace, Love & Crab" -- 6-11 p.m. March 5. The Concord High Choir is
          putting on its crab feed. There also will be a raffle and no-host bar.
          Tickets must be purchased by Feb. 26. $45. 925-980-4909.



     ·    Black Families Association Dinner -- 6 p.m. cocktail hour, 7:30 p.m.
          dinner. March 5. The annual Scholarship Fundraiser will offer a
          no-host bar silent auction and dinner. Marriott Hotel, 2355 N. Main
          St., Walnut Creek. $60, or $500 for a table of 10. 925-680-2849.


Charity Cars for Kids -- When you donate your car (running or not) to Charity
Cars for Kids, you will help supply 2,000 children with backpacks filled with
new school supplies. 408-748-0081, www.charitycarsforkids.org .

Donate Your Vehicle to Hospice of East Bay -- Car, truck, boat or RV donation
will help Hospice Foundation of the East Bay raise money to support patients and
families in hospice care. Get free pickup, lawful IRS tax deduction for the fair
market value, avoid confusing Department of Motor Vehicles paperwork or smog
hassles, and avoid the headaches of selling a used vehicle. 925-887-5678,
www.hospiceeastbay.org .

HistoryMobile -- Creative people to help design and outfit the interior of our
new HistoryMobile. Help by decorating displays, posters, and the interior. Nancy
Mulligan: 925-443-3076, n.mulligan@comcast.net .

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              June 24, 2007 Sunday
                                N-BURLCO Edition

Burlington County News in Brief

SECTION: NEIGHBORS BURLINGTON; Inq NJ Burlington Nabes; Pg. L12

LENGTH: 720 words


Burlington County to buy open space in Mansfield Burlington County's freeholders
recently approved acquiring land in Mansfield Township to preserve as open
space.

The 380-acre site will cost $14.8 million - the most the county has spent to
preserve land. It is owned by E'Town Properties, a subsidiary of New Jersey
American Water Co.

County officials said the land would expand the county's park system and stop
construction of 660 homes and a golf course that the township had approved.

The site, called Crystal Lake, includes a 10-acre lake, woods and a farm. It is
at Route 130 and Axe Factory Road near the border with Bordentown Township.

State grant requested for veterans' transport Burlington County's Department of
Military and Veterans Services has submitted a request to the state for a grant
of $27,000 to fund its Veterans' Transportation Service.

Last year - the eighth for service - more than 3,700 county veterans were
transported without charge to the Veterans Administration Clinic in Philadelphia
from four pick-up and drop-off points in Burlington County.

The service runs Tuesday through Friday and starts and concludes at Marshall
Hall Clinic in Fort Dix, with subsequent stops at the Wachovia Bank in
Crossroads Plaza on Route 38 and the Mount Holly Bypass in Lumberton; the
Golfsmith Store in the K-mart Shopping Center on Route 38 and Lenola Road in
Moorestown; and Domino's Pizza at 1821 Cinnaminson Ave., one block west of Route
130 in Cinnaminson.

Judiciary Times wins SPJ excellence award Judiciary Times, the quarterly
newsletter of the New Jersey court system, has received an award for excellence
from the New Jersey Chapter of the Society of Professional Journalists.

It is the second NJSPJ award the newsletter has received in the last three
years.

The publication was the single winner in the Newsletter Writing and Reporting
category of the 2007 Excellence in Journalism Awards. Linda Brown Holt, a
Bordentown resident, is Judiciary's founding editor and writer.

The newsletter attempts to cover every aspect of the court system. It is
distributed to judges and judiciary staff throughout the state and may be viewed
at njcourtsonline.com.

Ski champion joins Camden college trustees A former "extreme" skier has been
chosen as the 2007-08 alumni representative to Camden County College trustees.

Dana C. Litwornia of Tabernacle was elected to a one-year term by fellow members
of the CCC Class of 2007. She was a competitive athlete, achieving world
rankings in the extreme sport of heli-skiing, and taught skiing as well. She
also is a former whitewater guide. After having a son, she says, she "came down
from the mountains" and enrolled at CCC in 2004.

She completed her associate's degree in elementary/secondary education with a
3.8 grade-point average in May and will transfer into a baccalaureate education
program. Her career goal is teaching, and she hopes to earn a doctorate and
become a college professor - perhaps at CCC.

Litwornia was inducted into Phi Theta Kappa, the top honor society for students
at two-year institutions of higher education, in 2006. She also is a member of
the Kappa Delta Pi education honor society and the Psi Beta psychology honor
society. In addition, she is a Camden County College dean's list and national
dean's list honoree.

Through her church, Litwornia has participated in missions work in Brazil and
Mexico. She also volunteers as a youth mentor and a music leader as well as a
children's soccer coach.

Camden college offers practical-nursing course Camden County College will offer
a practical-nursing program in the fall at its Camden campus.

The competitive program will admit a maximum of 30 students in the fall and up
to 40 in January.

Although practical-nursing programs are offered at the precollege level at
technical schools throughout the state, there are few collegiate programs in New
Jersey.

Camden County College's program combines specialized courses in nursing with
general higher-education courses. Students who complete the program qualify to
take the National Council Licensure Examination in Practical Nursing.

After completing the program and receiving their credentials, students can
advance to a program leading to a registered-nurse credential.

For more information, contact the college advisement office at 856-227-7200,
Ext. 4454.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Retirees Find Meaning Serving the Needs of Their Communities

BYLINE: By JOHN F. WASIK

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; RETIRING; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1361 words


DESPITE what F. Scott Fitzgerald and Thomas Wolfe said, you can go home again
and you can have a second act -- or a third. And you can even find meaning,
purpose and social justice along the way.

Volunteering to do difficult and meaningful work is part of this new path.
According to the Corporation for National and Community Service, a government
agency that runs the AmeriCorps and Senior Corps programs, some 24 percent of
older adults volunteered in 2013, providing nearly 190 million hours of service.
Despite the disruption of a recession six years ago, that rate has held fairly
steady over the past decade.

Gloria Carter Dickerson, 61, went back to her hometown, Drew, Miss., deep in the
Delta, after retiring in 2009. One of 13 children of sharecroppers, she had a
35-year career as an accountant, working for the W.K. Kellogg Foundation in
Battle Creek, Mich., and Jackson, Miss.

Ms. Dickerson and her siblings integrated the local high school in the 1960s,
largely because her parents believed in education, justice and change. But when
she went back to Mississippi, she noticed that her hometown and surrounding
Sunflower County had become poorer and was heading in the wrong direction, as
people continued to leave.

The state had taken over the failing school system. There were no grocery stores
in town. Nearly every public service was inadequate. The county had become one
of the poorest in the country: Per capita income was just over $12,000 (in 2013
dollars), compared to about $20,000 for the state. Life spans were declining.

Ms. Dickerson was undaunted and started worked in the schools for five years
under the Pen or Pencil movement (Pen being short for penitentiary), which
combined civil rights and literacy. Starting her own nonprofit -- We2Gether
Creating Change -- she began working directly with children, focusing on
changing their mind-set, which was largely shaped by the surrounding culture of
poverty.

''Morale was down and getting worse,'' Ms. Dickerson said about the children in
her hometown. ''I came back to address all that. I started a food pantry, drama
club, small businesses, a dance team, weekend workshops, and counseled on
teenage pregnancy. I took kids to Disney World. I believe poverty is a state of
mind. I wanted to show them how middle-class people live.''

With just two part-time workers, Ms. Dickerson's organization is funded by
grants and her own money. Her efforts have paid off: Since 2012, some 98 percent
of the students she worked with have graduated from high school and 97 percent
have enrolled in college, according to Encore.org, a nonprofit that promotes
postretirement service. She also offers college scholarships and summer jobs.
All told, she has helped more than 1,500 children.

''I teach them how to navigate life,'' said Ms. Dickerson, who said she also
acted as a life coach. ''If they don't love themselves, they will not love
life.''

Josephine Rhymes, executive director of the Tri-County Workforce Alliance, a
nonprofit based in Clarksdale, Miss., that focuses on vocational education for
local youth, said Ms. Dickerson's programs helped ''expose children to life
outside the Delta.''

''She does things that need to be done,'' Ms. Rhymes said.

''Gloria is very dedicated to her work and wants to see a change in her
community,'' she added. ''She has a great love for people and is filling a
void.''

At-risk students and the sense of finding a spiritual home also attracted Peter
Rosten, 66, a former Hollywood movie and TV producer, writer and film editor.
After 35 years in an ultracompetitive business, he moved to Darby, Mont., in the
shadow of the Bitterroot Mountains.

Seeing a lack of arts and career education and opportunity in the local school
districts, Mr. Rosten started MAPS: Media Arts in the Public Schools with
$10,000 of his own money. The program teaches film, technology, music and
entrepreneurship.

Now in its 11th year, Mr. Rosten's organization offers free after-school courses
in filmmaking to some 150 students in the area. His students have even received
paid work, producing public service announcements on topics including the value
of high school graduation, the dangers of teenage smoking and the benefits of
studying math and science.

''Similar to the rest of the country, some Montana kids come from challenging,
heartbreaking environments,'' Mr. Rosten said. ''We help them find their voice
so they can personally experience success and know how to achieve it in the
future.''

Mr. Rosten was executive producer and creator of the 1989 film ''True
Believer,'' which starred Robert Downey Jr., and associate producer of the
television series ''Scarecrow and Mrs. King,'' but has also had his share of
failures. He once owned the film rights to the Mickey Mantle and Willie Mays
stories, and the best-selling Carlos Castaneda books, but could not find
interest in Hollywood.

''Hollywood is a very interesting environment,'' Mr. Rosten adds. ''In a way,
I've always been a 'true believer,' but like many projects, the studios didn't
believe in them as much as I did. By my mid-50s, and having more yesterdays than
tomorrows; it was time to make a change.''

Crediting his passionate parents as his inspiration to help others, Mr. Rosten
-- who describes himself as a ''recycled hippie,'' and a ''nice Jewish boy, and
now a Buddhist born in Brooklyn'' -- has found his home in Montana, taking the
guidance he received from his parents and instilling it in teenagers in the
Rockies.

''It only takes one 'yes' to change a life,'' Mr. Rosten said. ''Be realistic,
but demand the impossible.''

Like Ms. Dickerson, Josephine Mercado, 73, also headed south to fill a niche in
social services. After practicing as a lawyer in New York for 17 years, Ms.
Mercado, who grew up in Spanish Harlem, headed to the Orlando, Fla., area.
Mostly she wanted to get away from the cold weather with her husband, Hector
Willems, who was also a lawyer.

''When I moved,'' Ms. Mercado recalled, ''I did not know what kind of work I
would do, as I had decided that I did not want to practice law. The only thing I
was sure of was that I wanted to work with the community.''

When she arrived in Florida in 1999, Ms. Mercado found a paucity of health
services for low-income residents, particularly Hispanics.

The following year Ms. Mercado started Hispanic Health Initiatives, to bridge
the disconnect between health providers and the underserved Latino community of
Central Florida. Over the last 14 years, she has helped spearhead health
screenings and mammograms, and provide health education, for tens of thousands
in the Orlando area. The group is funded by grants.

One of 10 children, Ms. Mercado said her parents ''were poor, but helped
others.'' After decades of volunteer health work in New York, she was surprised
at the lack of health services in Florida.

Ms. Mercado sees her group expanding, with plans to offer certification for
community health care workers.

''My goal has always been to help the community,'' she says. ''I didn't think
I'd get any help with this. I find it very rewarding to see smiles of relief on
the people's faces that I helped.''

Ms. Dickerson, Ms. Mercado and Mr. Rosten have been recognized as Purpose Prize
fellows by Encore. They exemplify those who have gone beyond a second career and
retirement, into a calling to aid others and serve a community. It's often a
difficult commitment to make.

The three also personify what Mitch Anthony, a consultant, speaker and author of
''The New Retirementality,'' calls the ''legacy or mission phase'' of life. At
this point, people may be less concerned with paying bills and more interested
in paying back.

''It's time to change our I.R.A.s -- individual retirement attitudes,'' Mr.
Anthony said. ''We need to do what we're designed to do. It's time to break
cultural expectations into a thousand pieces. Become a contributor instead of a
consumer.''

Make the most of your money. Every Monday get articles about retirement, saving
for college, investing, new online financial services and much more. Sign up for
the Your Money newsletter here.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/14/your-money/retirees-find-meaning-as-volunteers
-meeting-community-needs.html

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Peter Rosten, founder of the MAPS Media Institute, offers some
advice to Markus Schoellen, a student musician. (PHOTOGRAPH BY PERRY BACKUS FOR
THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 12, 2009 Thursday

Tipton to take another crack at 3rd District seat: The Cortez Republican lost to
Congressman John Salazar in 2006.

BYLINE: Peter Roper, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 579 words


Nov. 12--State Rep. Scott Tipton, R-Cortez, is running for Congress again but
he's not looking for a replay of his 2006 election contest against U.S. Rep.
John Salazar because the San Luis Valley potato farmer won that election by an
easy margin.

Tipton, who owns a Cortez pottery company, announced Wednesday that he is back
as a 3rd Congressional District candidate because he thinks voters are ready to
turn out the Democratic majority in Congress and that includes Salazar, who has
served three terms.

Tipton says voters aren't seeing any growth in jobs despite the Democrats
expensive stimulus spending.

"I look around the 3rd District and I don't see the jobs," Tipton said in a
telephone interview Tuesday.

Last weekend's vote when House Democrats approved a massive health care reform
package "was the straw that broke the camel's back," Tipton said. "Now we're
moving to a government-run health care system," Tipton argued. "That will be
punitive. They are talking about cutting $500 million from Medicare. No one can
look me in the eye and tell us how this will create any more efficiency."

He claims Salazar is out of touch with 3rd District voters and that's why a
Republican can beat him next year.

When Tipton ran against Salazar in 2006, he was a novice as a candidate.
Although he lost that contest fairly handily n Salazar received 61 percent of
the vote n Tipton rebounded by getting elected to the General Assembly in 2008.

In that 2006 race, Tipton ran heavily on illegal immigration, charging that
Salazar was among the Democrats who wanted to grant amnesty to illegals by
approving comprehensive legislation to let them legalize their residency. That
issue didn't do well for many Republicans that year.

Tipton is not the only Republican aiming at Salazar next year. Glenwood Springs
District Attorney Martin Beeson has been a declared candidate for months and
Steamboat Springs lawyer Bob McConnell has recently joined the race.

Tipton's announcement also comes in the same week that state Sen. Josh Penry,
R-Grand Junction, backed out of the gubernatorial race, leaving the question of
whether he was interested in the 3rd District, which includes all of the Western
Slope but reaches east to include Pueblo.

"Josh is one of the people who urged me to run again," Tipton said, indicating
he didn't expect Penry to join the 3rd District contest.

Salazar was elected in 2004 in a narrow, hard-fought contest with Greg Walcher,
a Republican cabinet member for Gov. Bill Owens. Tipton tried to unseat Salazar
in 2006, but lost by a larger margin than Walcher. Delta County Commissioner
Wayne Wolf was the GOP candidate in 2008 and Salazar easily won re-election.

Three years ago, Salazar raised and spent about $1.5 million on his campaign to
defeat Tipton, who spent about $700,000, including sizable personal loans to his
own campaign.

Salazar, who was appointed to the important House Appropriations Committee this
year, has a campaign war chest of $482,000 as of Oct. 15. More than $200,000 of
that was contributed since July.

proper@chieftain.com

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091112-PB-Tipton-to-take-another-crack-at-3rd-District-seat-1112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2009 The Pueblo Chieftain


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 18, 1982, Sunday, Final Edition

Under Knife, Black Town Finds Itself Going Broke

BYLINE: By Art Harris, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 2183 words

DATELINE: MOUND BAYOU, Miss., April 17, 1982


James Jones, the burly police chief, cruises this all-black cotton-patch town in
a beat-up blue '72 Matador. It has squeaky suspension and tires balder than
Kojak. He hesitates to chase down speeders on rainy days, until the town buys
him new tires. That day isn't coming soon.

Down to his last box of cartridges, with an escaped convict on the loose, he
shakes his head over what might happen should it come to a showdown.

After federal money ran out last fall and his 11-man force was chopped to three,
there were seven break-ins and two armed robberies, the first such crimes in two
years. A federally built housing project burned last winter because no one was
around to take the call.

For a time there was no way to report crimes or fires, except in person. City
Hall telephones were cut off for non-payment until the hat was passed to turn
them back on.

Jones hasn't drawn a paycheck since last fall, one of 10 city employes of 43
still on the job after federal grants ran out to pay them. He's run through two
savings accounts. He raids a sister's vegetable patch to feed his wife and two
chidren. He's three months behind on the trailer he rents for $100 a month from
Municipal Judge Harold Ward, who isn't getting paid either, and might lose the
trailer.

When the telephone does ring in his office, it's usually a bill collector. "Tell
him I don't want to talk," he barks to his deputy. "The town is in worse shape
than I am, and I can't get a toothpick on credit."

One of the oldest black towns in America is fighting to stave off financial
collapse. Like other towns, Mound Bayou is hit hard by Reaganomics and
cold-turkey cutbacks of federal aid.

But, unlike the others, it is the victim of its own success, its skill at Great
Society grantsmanship and currying the liberal largess that built it into the
pride of Mississippi's Black Belt.

So distressing to blacks has been the prospect of bankruptcy for Mound Bayou,
founded in 1887 by ex-slaves off the plantation of Confederacy President
Jefferson Davis, who wanted to prove that blacks could prosper if they stuck
together, that donations have poured in to try to bail it out.

Since a Memphis disc jockey began begging two weeks ago on a radio talk show,
more than $130,000 in contributions has flowed into WDIA, the nation's first
black station.

On Wednesday the station paid off a $59,280 judgment against the town after
lawyers for a white woman who won a personal injury lawsuit against Mound Bayou
froze the city's bank account and, in effect, slapped a lien on the 19-acre
public park.

The radio campaign prompted listeners, many of them unemployed, to send checks
or drop by the station to empty change from pockets and purses.

Money has come from as far as California and New York. On Easter Sunday a
caravan of 700 cars set out from Memphis, 110 miles away, to try to help
resurrect the town, cheered on by sharecroppers as they drove past the Gospel
Bird Fried Chicken and Pecan Meadows Country Club.

In Mound Bayou, the mayor was presented with a check for $120,000, about half
the town's short-term debt, while 10,000 applauded.

"You think of a Mississippi town and the movie 'In the Heat of the Night' comes
to mind, with everything dusty and every black shuffling and saying, 'Yassuh,' "
said the disc jockey, Bill Atkins. "But blacks have never shuffled in Mound
Bayou. It's a beautiful place, a focal point of our heritage. If it fails, we
all fail. It was founded by slaves who won their freedom before the
emancipation. Mound Bayou is to blacks what Israel is to the Jews.

"When New York was in trouble, the federal government bailed it out. Cleveland
got help, and so did Chrysler. But we don't have the federal government to bail
us out anymore. We have to do it ourselves."

In its early days Mound Bayou was self-sufficient, but poor, a town of shanties,
dirt roads and open sewers. But in 1969 Mayor Earl Lucas began chasing after
federal money with the ardor of a thirsty man hunting water in the desert.

"We were really behind the eight ball for a while," he said. For more than a
decade, as the darling of civil rights advocates, it drew $10 million in
government grants and loans from four administrations.

Before President Reagan pulled the plug, federal money had built Mound Bayou's
homes, paved roads, constructed a modern health center and funded a hospital,
cutting the Delta's black infant mortality in half.

Washington installed a water system, built a 19-acre park with an indoor
swimming pool and paid city workers to collect the garbage, police the streets
and put a roof over hundreds.

In 1970, 85 percent of the housing was substandard. Today Rosie Jackson, 21, is
among the few who live in tumbledown shacks. Federal money has built or has
rehabilitated perhaps 50 homes, and has put up another 50 units of public
housing.

But under Reagan, money has been hard to find, and some housing programs are
being transferred to the state. Jackson and her three children will have to make
do in her $25-a-month shanty with its leaky roof, broken screens and boards
askew.

Prospects are bleaker for health care. Terrence White, administrator at the
34-bed Mound Bayou Community Hospital, founded by a black fraternal order in
1942, said he fears that the charity hospital will have to close in September,
when it stands to lose $1 million a year in federal grants for inpatient
treatment, along with community health centers across the country.

But here in the Delta such services have made the difference between life and
death, helping to cut Mississippi's high infant mortality rate in half over the
last 15 years. Last year MBCH delivered 635 babies to poor black mothers, many
of them turned away from other hospitals because they had no money or medical
insurance.

White said he has 29 documented cases of patient abandonment by area physicians
who refused treatment once they learned that a patient couldn't pay, dispatching
them to Mound Bayou.

"We're the last alternative," said White, who said he fears an increase in
infant mortality. Great strides had been made in rural health care, especially
nutrition and patient education, at the hospital and at the $800,000 Delta
Health Center, an outpatient facility planned and staffed years ago by Tufts
University Medical School.

Among those who depend on both facilities are women like Willie Jenkins, 28, who
gave birth to her ninth baby in a car last week during the 45-mile drive from
her home in Leland to the hospital.

"She'd have had the baby at home if it weren't for Mound Bayou," said her
mother, Zeto Thompson, 59. "We don't have the money to go anywhere else."

"If the hospital closes, they won't have any place to go," said Dr. Willie
Lucas, the mayor's brother and director of the hospital and the health center.
"They'll have their babies on the roadside."

While the health center and hospital are the last medical resort for poor Delta
blacks, who pay a $3 registration fee and $1 for prescriptions, they also
provide 300 jobs as the biggest employer in town. The bicycle factory on the
outskirts hires 25, with most people working the rich black earth to raise
soybeans, cotton, rice and wheat.

"To pump so much federal money in here, it's a crying shame to let it all go
down the drain," said Lawrence Ross, an unemployed railroad dispatcher, sipping
a soft drink at Ruby's Fine Foods, the town's only restaurant.

At City Hall, a sign advises visitors to see the receptionist before entering
the plush inner offices. But there is no one to greet them, and the mayor is as
likely to be answering the telephone as is the police chief.

Many blacks in the South regard the modern City Hall as a shrine, a
half-million-dollar federal monument to black achievement in Delta, its entrance
decorated with wood carvings of black heroes: Muhammad Ali, Hank Aaron, Martin
Luther King Jr., Mayor Lucas. Most whites in the area, however, view it as a
slap in the face to the taxpayer.

"It's as if I took all my assets and built a big home, then couldn't pay the
mortgage and income taxes," said a white lawyer from a nearby town, who declined
to be identified because he doesn't want to lose his black clients. "When the
government pulled the plug, all they had was a big house and nothing to sustain
it."

"They've been living high off the hog," said Ed Jackson, 40, a white state
legislator who refused to support the town's request for a local tax bill that
would have raised property taxes enough to pay off the lawsuit. A 30 percent
property tax increase would have been impossible for locals to shoulder, he
said. "I would have done the same thing for any other city."

But Mayor Lucas accused Jackson and the white Bolivar County delegation of
racism, pointing out a similar bill introduced for a white town, Bay St. Louis.
Enmity is epidemic.

"Their courthouse is better than the federal courthouse in Oxford," said white
farmer Sam Long, 69, an ex-Democrat who lives in nearby Shelby. "And they can't
afford to keep it up. What do you need with that big a City Hall for such a
small town? It's just a fortress built by Democrats, a way for JFK, LBJ and
Jimmy Carter to say, 'We love you.' Money flowed to Mound Bayou under President
Nixon, too.

"They should have built industrial parks, something to generate a tax base,
instead of a building so the mayor can recline in a nice office."

Mayor Lucas defends his order of battle against poverty. He said federal money
stopped just before it put Mound Bayou over the hump. An industrial park was
next on the agenda, he said, and to attract outside industry the town had to
offer prospective settlers the basics: a modern water and sewer system,
recreation, schools, a hospital and paved roads that covered holes so deep that
"mud once came up to a mule's belly," recalls Minnie Fisher, 85, the honorary
town clerk and historian for Mound Bayou.

As Reaganomics has taken hold in Mound Bayou, city officials have kept the
lights low to cut utility bills. Last year the town collected $68,000 in
property taxes, barely enough to cover the $60,000 electric bill.

With farmers hurting and local industries laying off, unemployment is running at
50 percent, Lucas said. So far half the residents are delinquent in property
taxes, scraping by on average annual incomes of $3,679, about one third the
national average.

The $240,000 town budget is so tight ($50,000 is owed in back wages to employes
such as Chief Jones) that it can't afford liability insurance, leaving it
vulnerable to lawsuits, such as the one by Ernestine Walker, a white woman who
said she hurt her back falling into a hole outside City Hall after paying a
speeding ticket in 1978.

She sued for $59,280 and won, just one among an army of whites angered with
Chief Jones' lucrative speed trap. His radar gun was confiscated later by state
troopers under a state law that banned radar use in small towns.

With impending cuts in the wind, Mayor Lucas saw red ink coming. Grants began to
run out in February, 1981, while the city had contracts to pay workers through
the end of the year. Last summer he climbed into his faded green '73 Buick and
drove to Atlanta, Chicago and St. Louis, to shake foundation money trees, but
came back empty-handed.

His credit cards were revoked and, unable to travel, he took his crusade to the
telephone, running up a $1,700 bill.

When Mound Bayou couldn't pay, city telephones were cut off. "It was
embarrassing, . . .but we couldn't do anything about it," Lucas said. The city
borrowed $35,000 from Cleveland State Bank, using the 1982 budget as collateral,
to meet its payroll.

Then a water well cracked, which took another $30,000 loan to fix. Last October
the state supreme court upheld Walker's judgment, and in March her lawyer
garnisheed the city accounts.

Desperate, Lucas went on the air with Bill Atkins two weeks ago and bemoaned the
city's dilemma. On a coffee break a woman soothed, "Don't worry, son, the Lord
will provide." Moments later, contributors jammed the station.

The town has been rejoicing ever since, although some residents are chastened to
be living off charity.

"We always got by, though we never had too much," ex-mayor Leslie Liddell, 74,
said. "Now, after getting all that government money and hiring so many people
and paying them top wages, I think our officials got a little too high geared.
Contributions might get them off the hook for now, but they're going to have to
live within their means."

If nothing is done, the weeds of summer will soon entangle Mound Bayou,
maintenance chief Joe Woods predicted. His 16-man crew has been slashed in half,
among them Comprehensive Education and Training Act (CETA) and Volunteers in
Service to America (VISTA) workers whose programs were never meant to last
forever.

He's now relying on men like Willie Terry, 68, one of four elderly part-timers
who has volunteered to put in a full day's work for half pay, just to keep the
pipes unplugged and the garbage collected.

"Town would be smelling pretty bad if we didn't do what we could," Terry said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, Police Chief James Jones is down to his last box of
cartridges and has four bald tires on his crusier, and his 11-man force has been
chopped to three since federal money ran out last fall; and he will shake his
head and wonder what the future holds.; Picture 2, Minnie Fisher, the honorary
town clerk and historian, who recalls, in the days before the grants, road holes
so deep that "mud once came up to a mule's belly." Photos by Art Harris -- The
Washington Post

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Rep. Peterson hears about rural dental access during Willmar visit

BYLINE: Anne Polta, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 745 words


Aug. 20--WILLMAR -- The challenges of rural access to dental care were outlined
for Rep. Collin Peterson during a tour Tuesday morning of the Rice Regional
Dental Clinic at Rice Memorial Hospital.

Peterson, a longtime Democratic congressman who represents Minnesota's Seventh
District and is seeking re-election, did a lot of listening as he visited with
staff and hospital leaders about issues ranging from patient demographics to
funding.

It was the first time Peterson has been to the Rice Regional Dental Clinic. The
clinic, which opened in 2007, provides dental care to low-income and uninsured
patients and is also a rural training site for students in the dentistry, dental
hygiene and dental therapy programs at the University of Minnesota. Operated in
partnership with the university, it is believed to be the only hospital-based
dental training site in the U.S.

Peterson's tour took him through the clinical areas, where students in blue
scrubs were working on patients while instructors watched and supervised.

Demand is high, explained Dr. Linda Jackson, program director. "Our clinic is
basically for the patient that cannot find care anywhere else."

Since the clinic opened, it has seen 8,000 new patients from 17 Minnesota
counties. The average dentist in solo practice has about 1,500 patients.

The daily schedule is busy but "we always make sure everything fits," Jackson
said. "We keep the students busy."

Because eight out of 10 patients who come to the clinic are children, oral
health for this age group is a particular focus, especially with new
recommendations calling for children to receive their first dental checkup
between the ages of 6 months and 1 year. A grant from the Delta Dental
Foundation helps fund an initiative to reach out to parents and create a
foundation for good oral habits early in life, Jackson said.

"We're trying to change the mindset. We're trying to get the parents to bring
their children in earlier," she said.

For the University of Minnesota students who do part of their hands-on clinical
training at the Willmar site, the experience of seeing many patients in a
state-of-the-art facility prepares them for future practice.

An adequate supply of dental professionals is critical to ensuring rural access
to care. Several counties in southwestern Minnesota are federally designated
shortage areas for dental professionals who serve low-income populations.

Students who complete a rural rotation at the Rice Regional Dental Clinic have
consistently given high marks to the program.

"Once they come here and they get the clinical experience, they all think it's
great. They get more of an idea of what clinical practice is like. ... They get
to do a lot more procedures," Jackson said.

She and Mike Schramm, chief executive of Rice Memorial Hospital, said funding is
one of the chief challenges facing the dental clinic.

Although it has a revenue stream from providing patient care, reimbursement
rates are low and there's a persistent funding gap. Efforts are ongoing to
increase clinic efficiency, Schramm said.

Grants also have been critical to the budget.

"We're funded by five grants this year just to make ends meet," she said.

Upon hearing that the congressman was in the clinic Tuesday morning, a patient
stopped him in the hall to tell him that access to dental care is greatly needed
in the region. The woman said she lives 50 miles away and has to drive to
Willmar to see a dentist.

Peterson: We are not going to repeal the ACA

WILLMAR -- Rep. Collin Peterson didn't vote for the Accountable Care Act three
years ago when the landmark federal health care bill came before the U.S. House
of Representatives. But now that the law is in effect, he won't join efforts to
get it repealed, Peterson said Tuesday. His remarks came during a visit to the
Rice Regional Dental Clinic at Rice Memorial Hospital. "There's no way this
could be repealed now," Peterson said of the ACA, often referred to as
Obamacare. More than three years have been spent on implementing elements of the
law and it would be a massive challenge to try to disentangle them if the ACA is
struck down, he said. Although he still sees "a lot of problems" with the law,
the focus should be on moving forward, Peterson said. "We need to fix the
problems and get off this tangent because we're not going to repeal it."

___ (c)2014 West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minn.) Visit West Central Tribune
(Willmar, Minn.) at www.wctrib.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140820-YM-Rep-Peterson-hears-about-rural-dental-access-during-Willmar-visit-08
20-20140820

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2014 West Central Tribune


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Investor's Business Daily

                               February 13, 2001

BYLINE: By, Investor's Business Daily

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 923 words


IBD's TOP 10 Napster Alive Post-Verdict, But Shutdown Looks Likely 1A federal
appeals court ruled users of Napster's song-swap software were infringing on
copyrights. It said issuing an injunction to stop the practice was "not only
warranted, but required." It left the final decision to a lower court, which is
expected to modify an earlier decision against Napster. That's expected to shut
down the service. The recording industry hailed the decision. Napster CEO Hank
Barry said he'll continue the legal battle - and talks with the record
companies. More on A4 Dow Makes Big Move Up; Nasdaq Rallies Modestly 2Traders,
optimistic about Alan Greenspan's upcoming testimony, sent all three major
indexes up. The Dow covered the most territory with a 1.5% gain. The S&P 500
added nearly 1.2%. The Nasdaq notched its first gain in four trading days, up
0.8%. Medical stocks bounced back with some of the day's biggest gains. Winners
included Icon PLC and Omnicare, both up more than 5%. Many retailers also did
well. More on A22 Nominee For Antitrust Post Named By Official Source 3Veteran
antitrust enforcer Charles James likely will be nominated to head the Justice
Department antitrust unit, which oversees the Microsoft case. The official said
President Bush will announce it this week with two other top Justice Department
nominees: Larry Thompson, an Atlanta lawyer, as deputy attorney general and
Theodore Olson, a Washington lawyer, as solicitor general. Bush appointed Laura
Unger acting chair of the Securities and Exchange Commission. More on A11 Edison
Loses First Round In Bid To Raise Calif. Rates 4A federal judge refused to grant
Southern California Edison's request for an injunction to force state regulators
to raise electricity rates within seven days. The firm wants to pass on
skyrocketing wholesale electricity costs to ratepayers. The suit could now go to
trial and be combined with a similar suit filed by Pacific Gas & Electric. The
decision clears the way for the state to negotiate a relief plan. Both utilities
are close to bankruptcy. Rates were frozen in 1996 when a now-failed state
deregulation effort took effect.  Delta's Pilots OK Walkout, But It's Not A Sure
Thing 5Pilots at the No. 3 airline overwhelmingly authorized a strike, which
could occur as early as April 1. But federal mediators could intervene. If both
sides decline, there would be a 30-day cooling-off period. President Bush could
take other steps to delay a strike. Some Delta analysts said a walkout was
unlikely and that the two sides likely will settle. Northwest Airlines'
mechanics union vowed to prepare for a strike regardless of Bush's intent to
stop one.  Flight delays: The Transportation Department said delays rose 20% in
2000 and consumer complaints rose 14%. Airline promises to improve service
should become legally binding, the report said.  Emulex's Warning Deflates
Outlook For Data Storage 6Emulex shares dived 37.13, or 48%, to 40.38 after the
company warned that customers were delaying purchase orders. It is one of the
clearest signs yet that the data storage industry is not immune to a
tech-spending slowdown. Emulex, which makes products that connect and route data
throughout a computer network, said it would miss earnings estimates if the
deferrals continue. Other data stocks fell as well, including QLogic, Brocade,
McData and Veritas. More on A8 Human Genome Published; Access To Data Is Debated
7The published data are a wealth of information and could unlock the mysteries
of disease, treatment and evolution. The publicly funded project's sequence is
free for use by all scientists. Privately funded competitor Celera Genomics
reported its work with restrictions. Scientists from the public project say
limiting data will hamper research. Celera, whose sequence has more information,
said it only limits redistribution by another business. More on A9 Markets Await
Fed Chief's Congressional Testimony 8Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan
will give his twice-yearly testimony to the Senate Banking Committee on Tuesday.
He last gave such testimony seven months ago, when the economy showed signs of
cooling to a sustainable pace from its earlier white-hot activity. That followed
six Fed rate hikes in 1999 and 2000. Many worry a recession looms despite two
50-basis-points rate cuts. Democrats likely will grill him on his support for
President Bush's tax-cut plan.  Natural Gas Slumps More As Weather Turns Milder
9March natural gas, in a nasty tumble for weeks, lost another 38.9 cents, to
close at $ 5.821 per million British thermal units. Midwest temperatures will be
2 to 12 degrees above normal, experts say. Preliminary estimates for last week's
stockpile drawdowns are between 75 billion and 105 billion cubic feet, the
American Gas Association says. A year ago, the withdrawal was 158 bcf. Prices
soared to a record $ 10.10 per million Btu on Dec. 27 amid fears of inadequate
supplies to get through the winter. They've since crashed $ 4.279, or a fat 42%.
Bush Reviews U.S. Troops, Pledges $ 1.4 Bil Pay Raise 10President Bush told U.S.
soldiers that "America is not serving you well" and promised morale-boosting pay
increases, better housing and health care. Cheers from many of the thousands of
troops wearing camouflage uniforms greeted the new commander in chief at Fort
Stewart, near Savannah, Ga. It was the first of four presidential trips this
week designed to promote Bush's national security policies. Bush proposed $ 5.7
billion in new military spending.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Copyright 2001 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                   October 2, 2004 Saturday ST. PAUL EDITION

ANDERSON MOVE UNUSUAL IN CEO WORLD
HE'S NOT EXPECTED TO TAKE TOP POST AT UNITEDHEALTH;
AT LEAST NOT SOON

BYLINE: MIKE HUGHLETT and LESLIE BROOKS SUZUKAMO, Pioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 1313 words


It's almost unheard of in chief executive land: The supreme ruler of a major
corporation abandons his command to take a job at another major corporation --
but in a lesser position.

Yet that's exactly what Richard Anderson did by leaving his CEO post at
Northwest Airlines to become an executive vice president at Minnetonka-based
UnitedHealth Group.

He'll still be a big wheel who will almost certainly be lavished with a
CEO-style salary. But UnitedHealth's current CEO, William McGuire, has given no
indication that he plans to step down anytime soon.

A move like Anderson's is "very rare," said Philip Bromiley, a strategic
management professor at the University of Minnesota's Carlson School of
Management. "It's rare enough that (no examples of it) come to mind," he said.

Usually when CEOs exit without retiring, they become CEO of a smaller company.
"If you're used to being captain of your own ship -- even if you get booted off
the ship -- you usually move to a smaller ship, not to first mate," Bromiley
said.

Anderson had been Northwest's CEO since February 2001, leading the company
through an airline industry slump of nightmarish proportions. Now, he will be an
executive vice president, outranked not only by McGuire but also by Stephen
Hemsley, UnitedHealth's president and chief operating officer.

Anderson's duties have not been set. He will acquaint himself with the company
first and report to Hemsley and McGuire, UnitedHealth Group spokesman Mark
Lindsay said.

Anderson would be No. 3 behind Hemsley and McGuire but Lindsay said the company
does not pay that kind of attention to hierarchy.

Anderson has a strong background in technology as well as in leadership and
management, the health care spokesman said. With his overall excellence, Lindsay
said, Anderson replenishes the "brain pool" that UnitedHealth needs to hit its
goal of becoming a $50 billion-a-year company.

Even so, Anderson was not hired as a replacement to McGuire, as some people have
speculated, Lindsay said flatly. And some analysts agree.

Sheryl Skolnick of Fulcrum Global Partners in New York laughed at the notion
that Anderson's arrival signals McGuire is ready to retire and UnitedHealth is
grooming a new CEO.

"He might be (retiring) in the next 10 years but certainly not in the next 10
minutes," she said. "If I know Bill McGuire, he's nowhere ready to retire."

Furthermore, top executives like Hemsley and Lois Quam, CEO of UnitedHealth's $7
billion Ovations division which partners with the public sector and volunteer
groups, stand in line ahead of him, she added.

It's not unusual for UnitedHealth to hire high-priced executives without
immediately giving them a clear set of duties, Skolnick said. It's almost like a
football team that drafts players for their talent, not necessarily to fill an
open position.

UnitedHealth, which she projects will hit revenue of $37 billion this year, up
from $28.8 billion in 2003, wants to be like General Electric, she said. The
company wants a more diverse range of businesses than the average health care
company -- it has a bank, for instance -- and that requires talent from outside
the health care field, she said.

"From that perspective, whatever skill-set you bring, there's probably a slot
for you there," she said.

So what was Anderson's reasoning to jump ship? He's not saying. The Pioneer
Press asked Northwest to make him available for an interview, but the airline
didn't do so.

Doug Steenland, Northwest's new chief executive officer, said Friday that "there
was not a precipitating event" for Anderson's departure. UnitedHealth's Lindsay
would not comment on whether Anderson approached UnitedHealth or it was the
other way around.

Anderson simply wanted to apply his expertise in technology and expense
reduction to another industry, Steenland said. United is not only in a far
different industry, but it's also a large, fast-growing company.

"Maybe he saw an opportunity there he couldn't pass up, particularly with the
options they throw around," said Greg Fouks, an executive recruiter at Woessner
& Associates in Minneapolis.

UnitedHealth has indeed been known for generous stock option packages, as well
as prodigious pay of all kinds for its top executives.

McGuire is regularly one of Minnesota's highest paid CEOs, and last year he took
top billing with a total payday about 2,400 times greater than that of the
average Minnesota worker. He earned a salary and bonus of $7.55 million, and --
courtesy of UnitedHealth's high-flying stock -- cashed in options worth $84.2
million.

McGuire's highest-ranking subordinates are doing OK, too. Hemsley made $3.3
million in salary and bonuses alone last year. The company's next three
highest-ranking executives made between $885,000 and $1.03 million in just
salary and bonuses.

In contrast, Anderson made $500,000 in base salary in 2003 and received no
bonus, although he got a onetime grant of $1.9 million in restricted stock.

Of course, money isn't everything. Anderson will be leaving an industry that is
constantly in the news for mass layoffs, bankruptcies and other manifestations
of financial distress.

"'How many people do we have to fire this quarter?' is the sort of question
often on the minds of airline industry executives," said the Carlson School's
Bromiley. "This (the airline industry) is not a fun business, and as far as
anybody can see, it's not going to get better."

UNITEDHEALTH GROUP

Business: No. 1 U.S. health insurer

Based: Minnetonka

Employees: 33,000

2003 revenue: $28.6 billion

2003 net income: $1.83 billion

-- Bloomberg News

LAST MAN STANDING

Northwest Airlines CEO Richard Anderson was the last chief executive of a big
U.S. carrier who was on the job back in 2001, when the industry's woes really
started to grow.

"Do you feel any pressure to retire?" a Wall Street analyst asked Anderson
during Northwest's earnings call this past July.

"Not at all," said Anderson, adding that the Eagan-based airline prided itself
on the "permanency and stability" of its management team.

Anderson, who joined Northwest in 1990 after a stint at Continental, took the
CEO job in February 2001. Unlike most of his peers, Anderson seems to be
stepping down freely. Labor troubles were the undoing of many of his peers.

-- Southwest Airlines CEO James Parker left his post in July after the airline
reported a 54 percent profit decline. Parker clashed publicly with the flight
attendants union and dropped out of contract talks when they went off track.

-- In April, US Airways President and CEO David Siegel resigned after riling
union leaders when he called for more labor-cost cuts. Siegel's predecessor,
Stephen Wolf, departed in March 2002.

-- This past January, Gordon Bethune, Continental's blunt CEO, announced he'd
retire at the end of this year.

-- Delta CEO Leo Mullin stepped down last winter, partly to help the company
secure pilot pay concessions. Employees were livid after they learned Mullin and
other top execs took big bonuses and bankruptcy-protected pension benefits while
Delta posted huge losses and slashed jobs. Mullin later relinquished the bonus
and a portion of his salary.

-- In April 2003, American Airlines CEO Donald J. Carty resigned amid employee
furor about his compensation. Workers who had been forced to accept steep pay
cuts rebelled after they learned of bonuses and sweet pension deals that went to
Carty and other top executives.

-- Back in October 2001, United Airlines CEO James Goodwin quit four days after
the airline's largest union demanded his ouster.

-- Martin J. Moylan and wire services.

Mike Hughlett can be reached at mhughlett@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5428.

Leslie Brooks Suzukamo can be reached at lsuzukamo@pioneerpress.com or
652-228-5475.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                             June 9, 2004 Wednesday

PEOPLE YOU KNOW

SECTION: PEOPLE

LENGTH: 670 words


To submit items for this column: e-mail, communi ty@yorkdispatch.com ; send to
People You Know, The York Dispatch, P.O. Box 2807, York 17405; fax, 843-2814; or
drop off at 205 N. George St. Community Amber Updegraff of York will compete May
21 with 13 other finalists in the 2004 Credit Union Youth Ambassador of
Pennsylvania Contest. The competition, now in its 28th year, invites credit
union members between the ages of 17 and 25 to test their knowledge of financial
cooperatives. The winner will receive $1,000 in cash and will serve for one year
as Credit Union Youth Ambassador of Pennsylvania. The American Chemical Society
has named Amy Thompson, a chemistry teacher at Hempfield Area High School,
Lancaster County, recipient of the 2004 Allen Floyd Whalen Memorial Award. The
award recognizes a chemistry teacher who has made outstanding contributions to
the field and who exhibits professionalism and enthusiasm in teaching. Amy, a
daughter of Samuel and Patricia Herman of Dover, graduated in 1987 from Dover
Area High School. The Terri Lynne Lokoff Child Care Foundation has named Gay
Bridgett national Teacher of the Year. Gay is a teacher with the York Jewish
Community Center's Early Childhood Care and Education program. She developed a
music curriculum appropriate for toddlers through kindergarten-age children that
introduces them to a variety of musical cultures. Gay's method encourages
children to listen, make, and move to music. Colleges Lisa J. Myers was named
valedictorian of the 2004 graduating class at University of the Sciences in
Philadelphia, receiving a bachelor's degree in biology with a minor in
biochemistry. Lisa, a 2000 graduate of Dallastown Area High School, is the
daughter of Michael and Patti Myers of Loganville. She will enter the University
of Pennsylvania's school of dental medicine in the fall. Brandon Ellis, son of
John and Crystal Ellis of York, recently received a $2,500 scholarship from
Voith Siemens Hydro Power Generation, Inc. Brandon attends the University of
Delaware and is majoring in medical technology/pre-medicine. Amanda Ellis,
daughter of John and Crystal Ellis of York, recently received a $2,500
scholarship from Voith Siemens Hydro Power Generation, Inc. Amanda will attend
Millersville University in the fall, where she will major in business
administration. Air Force Capt. Jennifer A. Nowe received her medical degree
from the F. Edward Hebert School of Medicine in Bethesda, Md., on May 15. She
will be completing an internship at Travis Air Force Base, Calif., before
attending flight surgeon school. Jennifer, a daughter of Richard and Barbara
Nowe of York, graduated from Central York High School in 1996 and from the
University of Pittsburgh in 2000. The following area residents were among 413
Lycoming College students named to the dean's list for the spring semester:
Carrie Firman, Kimberly Hengst, David McElwee and Erica Walsh. Derin Bray, a
2000 graduate of Dallastown Area High School and a recent graduate of Yale
University, has been accepted into the University of Delaware's Winterthur
Program to pursue a master's degree in early American culture. He is the son of
Alesia and Doug Bray of Dallastown. Omar A. Benharbit graduated from the Haas
School of Business at the University of California-Berkeley with a master's
degree in financial engineering. He is a 1995 graduate of Dallastown Area High
School and a 2000 graduate of Pennsylvania State University. Omar is the son of
Ali and Ellen Benharbit of York. Gregory J. Kruper of York was recently inducted
into Omicron Delta Kappa at St. Lawrence University in Canton, N.Y. Omicron
Delta Kappa is a national leadership honorary that recognizes upperclassmen who
are successful in academics, athletics, community and campus service, the
performing arts and journalism. Kruper is a 2001 graduate of York Suburban
Senior High ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,School.

class=subscribelink
'https://webgateway.inyork.com/CBWebserver/subscription.html'>Subscribe Now!

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 York Newspapers, Inc.


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     February 4, 1991, Monday, City Edition

Who's news

BYLINE: MICHELLE JONES

SECTION: BRANDON TIMES; BUSINESS DIGEST; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1299 words

DATELINE: BRANDON; TAMPA; RUSKIN; SUN CITY CENTER



Lillian M. Stark has been named director of operations for Place One Counseling
Center Inc., according to company president Sam D. Toney. Stark will oversee the
operations of the outpatient mental health company's three centers in
Hillsborough County.  Freddie Mitchell has joined the staff of Place One as
director of the company's Home Mental Health Care program. He also will base his
private practice as a licensed clinical social worker at the company's three
outpatient mental health centers in Brandon, Carrollwood and Sun City Center.
 TAMPA Linda Fleming has been elected to the Order of the Coif, University of
Florida chapter. To obtain membership, Fleming, a lawyer with Carlton, Fields,
Ward, Emmanuel, Smith and Cutler P.A., had to graduate in the top 10 percent of
her class and had to be elected by the law school's chapter. A 1989 graduate of
the University of Florida, Fleming practices corporate, banking and securities
law. The Order of the Coif dates to 1902 and has 70 chapters in American law
schools dedicated to encouraging excellence in legal education, scholarship and
honoring those who as lawyers, judges and teachers have attained high
distinction for their scholarly or professional achievements.
 TAMPA Gregory G. Roe, vice president of Roe Insurance Inc. of New Port Richey,
has been chosen 1991 Associate of the Year by the Builders Association of
Greater Tampa. "This is the highest honor conferred on an associate
(non-builder) member of the professional organization," said Whit Ward,
executive vice president of the association. Roe was selected for outstanding
service to the association and the building industry.
 TAMPA The Boys and Girls Clubs of Tampa Bay Inc. recently met for the 65th
annual dinner at the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Tampa. Fourteen new board members
were inducted in addition to the officers for 1991. The officers are Joe
Voskerichian, chairman; Herman Oellerich, Casey Shear and Farrukh Quarishi, vice
chairmen; Nancy McDonald, secretary; Dennis Alvarez, treasurer; and Tom O'Brien,
immediate past chairman.
 TAMPA Peter G. Cole, financial adviser, has joined the staff of Omni Tax and
Financial Advisers, an SEC-registered investment advisory firm. Cole joined the
firm after having spent more than 22 years with The London Stock Exchange and
Wall Street.
 TAMPA Steven D. Prevaux, has become an associate with the firm of Zinober &
Burr. The law firm's practice is limited to representing management in labor
law, employment discrimination and related matters.
 TAMPA Marcia W. Parker R.N., the head nurse of surgery at Tampa General
Hospital, recently passed the annual exam offered by the National Certification
Board of Perioperative Nursing Inc.  By passing the exam, she earned the
certification for nurses who provide care to patients before, during and after
surgery. She is one of three nurses at Tampa General with the certification.
Parker has been head nurse for three years and teaches the perioperative
transition program preparing registered nurses to work in surgery.
 TAMPA David J. Mann has been appointed director of marketing for the claims and
marketing research division of M. .  Fletcher and Associates. Mann comes to the
14-year-old statewide private investigation firm from his most recent assignment
as legal administrator for a law firm. He is a member of the marketing and
administration section as well as the assistant chairman of the micro-computer
track committee for the international association of legal administrators annual
conference.
 TAMPA Jane M. Steinlen has been hired as project engineer for Delta
Environmental Consultants Inc. in the Tampa district office.  Her
responsibilities will include project management on various remedial projects
and programs, and she will assist with general marketing activities. Steinlen
earned a bachelor's degree in chemical engineering and a master's degree from
the University of South Florida.
 Briefly
 TAMPA The McCord-Bolesta Speech and Hearing Center will have a groundbreaking
ceremony for the construction of the center for hearing-impaired children at 10
a.m. Tuesday at 7205 N Habana Ave., Tampa (three blocks north of Sligh Avenue).
McCord-Bolesta is a non-profit organization providing educational services to
hearing impaired-children using the auditory-verbal method of teaching. Formerly
known as the Robert McCord Oral School, McCord-Bolesta has been at its present
location on Henderson Boulevard for almost 25 years. The new center is expected
to be completed in three months.
 TAMPA Self Serv Business Center has changed its name to Full Serve Business
Center and has expanded its services to include full service printing, design
and development of visual aids, handouts and transparencies. Located in
Carrollwood, next to Outback Steakhouse, the center is owned and operated by
Maria L. Manz.  "We have added Dbase III, the most popular data base manager,
and an advanced session in Word Perfect 5.1 to our current list of classes that
include DOS, Lotus 1-2-3, WordPerfect Intro and Pagemaker," Manz said. "These
additions complete our one-stop shopping concept of business services for our
customers."
 RUSKIN "Ruskin By the Bay" license plates are available at the Ruskin Chamber
of Commerce, 315 S Tamiami Trail. Cost is $ 4.  Also available is a free
brochure describing the community and the surrounding area. The Chamber also has
T-shirts for $ 8.
 TAMPA The 650 volunteer ushers at the Tampa Bay Performing Arts Center have
received $ 1,615 from IBM Corp. to help buy benches and other furniture to
decorate lobbies at the 4-year-old facility. "When the building was completed,
funds were scarce to complete the furnishings," said Norbert Bukowski, house
manager and director of volunteers at the center. IBM made the grant through its
Fund for Community Service, a program established to encourage IBM employees to
participate in community activities.
 TAMPA Ad2 Tampa Bay, a non-profit organization of advertising professionals
under age 31 and an affiliate of the American Advertising Federation, will
represent The Service Corps of Retired Executives (SCORE) in this year's public
service campaign, designed to heighten public awareness about the services SCORE
provides and to increase volunteerism for both the Retired Corps of Executives
and the Active Corps of Executives. SCORE is a non-profit counseling service
that has more than 10,000 retired and active executives in 400 chapters across
the United States. Each chapter offers free counseling to both newly formed
small businesses and previously existing, expanding businesses.  Volunteers are
experienced professionals from a variety of industries.
 SUN CITY CENTER Chris Corr, newly elected state representative from District
62, will be the featured speaker at the Feb. 14 luncheon of the Sun City Chamber
of Commerce at Lake Towers. Corr, an active member of the Apollo Beach Chamber,
is scheduled to discuss the work he will be doing during the 1991 session and
the issues that will concern the state this year with a new governor is in
office. Cost is $ 6.50. Reservations are required.  Call the chamber at
634-8437. The chamber is planning an overnight trip to Boca Raton and Fort
Lauderdale to see Phantom of the Opera March 20. Cost is $ 212 a person for
double occupancy and includes orchestra seating, accommodations at the Radisson
Suite Hotel, dinner at LeDome restaurant and lunch the following day at the
Breakers. All transportation, driver gratuity, cocktail party and breakfast are
included. For information, call the Chamber. The chamber is planning trips to
the Edison Festival in Fort Myers, the Florida Keys and to Ocala and Crystal
River during the next two months. For information, call the Chamber.


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: BRANDON TIMES; TAMPA

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (4); Linda Fleming; Gregory G. Roe; Marcia W.
Parker, R.N.; Jane M. Steinlen

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 26, 2007 Friday

HEALTH HAPPENINGS

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Contra Costa; Eastern Contra Costa; My Town

LENGTH: 1490 words



     ·    Home Chore Registry Program: East County -- A program for seniors who
          need to hire someone to help with day-to-day tasks. For information
          about this program in East County call 925-439-1202.


United Healthcare Children's Foundation -- California parents with children in
need of medical services or equipment not fully covered by health insurance can
apply for a grant up to $5,000. For information:  http://www.uhccf.org .

Miracles on Wheels power wheelchairs -- No-cost electric power wheelchairs to
non-ambulatory senior citizens, 65 years-and older, and the permanently disabled
of any age. For information and qualifications: 1-800-749-8778,
http://www.jaspanmedical.com .

Wishes on Wheels power wheelchairs -- No cost power wheelchairs for
nonambulatory senior citizens ages 65 and older, and persons of any age with
permanent disabilities. For information and qualification: 1-800-823-5220,
http://www.threewishes2.com .


     ·    John Muir Mobile Health Clinic -- Operates the first four Saturdays of
          the month at 633 Village Drive, Brentwood. Provides free preventative
          and urgent medical care for those who are uninsured or unable to pay
          for care. For a schedule of dates and times, call 925-313-6250.


FLU SHOTS

Sutter Visiting Nurses Association (VNA) & Hospice offer the following flu shot
clinics: Noon-2 p.m. Nov. 19, Sutter Delta Medical Center, 3901 Lone Tree Way;
10 a.m.-noon Oct. 27, Grocery Outlet, 1818 A St.; 9 a.m.-noon Oct. 28, St.
Ignatius Church, 3351 Contra Costa Blvd. Seniors 65 years and older with
Medicare Part B may qualify for a free shot. Pneumonia shots will also be
available for $35 each. For information, call 800-500-2400 or visit
http://www.suttervna.org/services/services_flushot.html .

BLOOD DRIVES

American Red Cross Blood Drives -- 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com to
schedule appointment.

Nov. 2: 1-6:30 p.m. Resurrection Ministries, 1275 Fairview Ave., Brentwood.

Nov. 23: Noon-5 p.m. Bloodmobile in the parking lot of Regal Cinemas, Deer
Valley, 4200 Lone Tree Way, Antioch.

SUTTER DELTA


     ·    Sutter Delta Medical Center offers the following health events, 3901
          Lone Tree Way, Antioch:


Women's Health Center Tours: 1:30 or 7:30 p.m. first and third Mondays monthly.
925-779-7230.

"Calling It Quits": Smoking Cessation, Do you want to kick the habit of smoking?
Classes are scheduled as needed. For information, call 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Lactation Services, The Women's Health Center has lactation consultants with
services available for outpatient appointments. 925-779-7200, Ext. 4206,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Ready, Set, Deliver: 6-8:30 p.m. Nov. 5, 14, 28 and Dec. 5. Prepares the mother
and support person for labor and delivery and the postpartum period. Community
Education Room. $75 per couple. Registration: 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Diabetic Education Series: 1-2:30 p.m. Nov. 26, Dec. 3, 10, and 17. Understand
diabetes and how to control it through counseling, education and the support of
others. Edna Fallman Center. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

ABCs of Congestive Heart Failure: 10 a.m.-noon Dec. 5 and 12. A two-day class to
learn some tricks of the trade for coping with this manageable condition. Edna
Fallman Center. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Quarterly Diabetes Workshop: Protecting Against Heart Disease: 6-7:30 p.m. Dec.
6 and 12:30-2 p.m. Dec. 7. Come and meet others who share the same frustrations
and victories as you. A cardiologist will be available to answer your questions.
Community Education Room. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570,
http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Advance Health Care Directive: 10-11:30 a.m. Dec. 10. Allows you to appoint
someone to speak on your behalf in the event of an emergency or if you are too
ill to make your wishes known. Edna Fallman Center. Free. Registration:
925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Little Helper: 6:30-7:30 p.m. Nov. 14 and Dec. 12. Helps children ages 3 to 8
prepare for a new baby in the family. Women's Health Center. $10 per family.
Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Get Tough On Angina: 1-3 p.m. Dec. 14. Get a better understanding of angina: the
cause, diagnosis and treatment of this disease. Edna Fallman Center. Free.
Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

Cardiac Risk Factors: 6-8 p.m. Dec. 19. Many have factors that put them at risk
of high blood pressure, heart attack and strokes. Find out how to change those
risk factors. Free. Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

CPR for Family and Friends: 5-8 p.m. Dec. 19. Teaches recognition and emergency
resuscitation techniques for laypersons who want to learn rescue skills for a
loved one. This is not a certification class. Edna Fallman Center. $10 per
person. Registration: 925-779-3570, http://www.sutterdelta.org .

JOHN MUIR SENIOR SERVICES


     ·    John Muir Medical Center offers the following senior services at
          various locations:


Memory Screening, Morning and afternoon appointments available Nov. 13 and 15;
Dec. 18-19. Take advantage of a seven minute screening that will provide you
with information to discuss with your physician. John Muir Out Patient Center,
2400 Balfour Road, Brentwood. Free. Reservations: 925-947-3300.

Aging Gracefully, 9:30-11 a.m. Nov. 8. Get a whole new slant on your status as
"senior citizen" and learn to enjoy some of the benefits that life's experiences
provide. John Muir Medical Center, Concord Campus, 2540 East St. Free.
Registration: 925-947-3300.

Understanding Your Part D Prescription Drug Option, 2-3:30 p.m. Nov. 14.
Representatives from two plans will talk about enrollment or changes in Part D
Prescription Drug Option plan. John Muir Outpatient Center, 2400 Balfour Road,
Brentwood. Free. Reservations: 925-947-3300.

Managing Insomnia, 9:30-11 a.m. Nov. 16. Learn simple techniques to help you
successfully conquer sleep difficulties. John Muir Women's Health Center, 1656
N. California Blvd., Walnut Creek. Free. Registration: 925-674-2586.

JOHN MUIR, BRENTWOOD


     ·    John Muir Outpatient Center, Brentwood offers the following health
          events and services, 2400 Balfour Road, Brentwood:


Osteoporosis Screening, Low-dose screening, hip and spine bone densitometry
exams are available. Physician referral is required. For information, call
925-308-8123.

Babies in Brentwood, Support For New Parents: 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Mondays.
Interact with other new parents and babies age newborn to 6 months. Get
information, support and have fun. No registration required. 925-941-7900.

New Parent Group, 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Lactation: First and third Mondays
facilitated by a board-certified lactation consultant. Other Mondays will be
focused topics and open discussion on various parenting issues. Registration:
925-941-7900, option 3, http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

WOMEN'S HEALTH CENTER


     ·    John Muir Women's Health Center offers the following health events,
          1656 N. California Blvd., Walnut Creek.


The Wig Source, John Muir Medical Center Auxiliary provides free wigs to women
and children suffering hair loss due to medical treatment, such as chemotherapy
for cancer. This service is provided regardless of where treatment is being
received. Wig fitting appointments are available at the John Muir Women's Health
Center. 925-947-5328,

Breast in the Best, 10 a.m.-noon Wednesdays. This weekly drop-in class is for
breast-feeding mothers to come for basic education about general feeding,
supplementing, pumping and storing. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Osteoporosis Exercise, 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. For anyone who has been
diagnosed with osteoporosis. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Post Partum Depression/Anxiety Group: Get help with excessive worries about
yourself or your baby. Call 510-273-9548 for date, times and registration.

First Mondays for Women, Connect with other women on the first Monday of each
month and make new friends. Guest speakers, professional and personal support.
$10 per evening. Times and registration: 925-941-7900.

Yoga for Women, Noon-1 p.m. Tuesdays or 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. $70 for one
month. Registration: 925-942-7900, wwwjohnmuirhealth.com.

THE WELLNESS COMMUNITY


     ·    Offers the following health events, 3276 McNutt Avenue, Walnut Creek


An Update On Treatment and Side Effect Management of Colorectal Cancer, 10
a.m.-noon Oct. 27. Learn about the newest approaches to treating colorectal
cancer. In addition, participants will learn effective strategies to manage side
effects and live well with colorectal cancer. Free. Registration: 925-933-0107.

Genetics and Cancer -- 2-4 p.m. Nov. 8. Presented by Michael Manuel, MD, MPH.
Free. Registration: 925-933-0107.

Return to wellness, 4-6 p.m. Through Nov. 21. A program that helps women recover
from emotional and physical effects of breast cancer treatment. Group support is
combined with exercise and nutrition. Free. Registration: 925-933-0107.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            December 7, 2007 Friday

Midwest Air delays expected closing of sale

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Intl Biz Briefing

LENGTH: 694 words


Midwest Air Group Inc. said Friday is has agreed to give antitrust regulators
until Jan. 31 to complete their review of its proposed $450 million sale to a
private-equity group and Northwest Airlines and won't close the deal before then
without their approval. Milwaukee-based Midwest, operator of Midwest Airlines,
said it had supplied the Justice Department with information requested for the
antitrust review. Midwest Chairman and Chief Executive Timothy Hoeksema had said
previously that he expected the sale to close this year. The buyer is a group
affiliated with the private-equity firm TPG Capital. But antitrust regulators
must approve the sale because it includes Eagan-based Northwest as a passive
investor. TPG will own Midwest, but Northwest put up nearly half of the money.
Northwest has said it would not participate in Midwest's management. Graco CFO
to retire; company ups dividend

Minneapolis-based Graco Inc. said Friday Chief Financial Officer James Graner
plans to retire in a year. Graner, 63, who has been CFO for two years, will
continue in that position until a replacement is found, the Minneapolis-based
maker of fluid-dispensing equipment said. Also Friday, Graco said it will
increase its quarterly dividend by 12 percent. Graco said it expects to have a
new CFO by the end of next year. The company, which had 62.4 million shares
outstanding, declared a quarterly dividend of 18.5 cents a share payable on Feb.
6 to shareholders of record at the close of business on Jan. 22.Xcel seeks North
Dakota rate increase

Minneapolis-based Xcel Energy is asking North Dakota regulators to grant an
electricity rate increase. Xcel officials said an application was submitted to
North Dakota's Public Service Commission on Friday. Xcel said if the rate
increase is approved, the monthly electric bill for a residential customer using
750 kilowatt-hours would increase by about $7.60. The company said its annual
revenue would increase by about 14 percent, or $20.5 million. Xcel said it's the
first time a rate increase has been requested in 15 years.Virtual Radiologic to
move headquarters

Virtual Radiologic Corp. said it will move its corporate headquarters from
Minnetonka to Eden Prairie next year. The provider of remote diagnostic image
readings will occupy 81,645 square feet of office space at Windsor Plaza, a
five-story, mixed-use property to be located across from Eden Prairie Center at
U.S. Highway 212 and Singletree Lane. Windsor Plaza is expected to be completed
by next December.

INSIDER TRADES

Boston Scientific Corp.: Uwe Reinhardt, director, sold 9,000 shares Nov. 29 at
$12.62-$12.63 per share; holds 40,020 shares.

Capella Education Co.: S. Joshua Lewis, director, sold 22,282 shares Nov. 27-28
at $67-$70.90 per share, 7,500 shares Nov. 29 at $69.80-$72.50 per share and
4,000 shares Nov. 30 at $70.60-$71.02 per share; holds 4,775 shares. Lois
Martin, chief financial officer, sold 7,500 shares Nov. 28 at $71.09 per share,
option related, 10(b) 5-1 Plan, holds 2,932 shares. Jon Reynolds, director, sold
250,000 shares Nov. 29 at $70 per share; holds 616,945 shares. Amy Drifka, vice
president, sold 400 shares Dec. 3 at $70.09 per share, option related, 10(b) 5-1
Plan; holds 2,895 shares.

Rochester Medical Corp.: Benson Smith, director, sold 30,000 shares Nov. 30 at
$12.70-$13 per share, option related; no further holdings.

St. Jude Medical Inc.: Thomas Northenscold, vice president, sold 900 shares Dec.
5 at $39.57 per share, option related, 10(b) 5-1 Plan; holds 2,242 shares.

Target Corp.: Michael Francis, officer, sold 75,182 shares Nov. 30 at $60.19 per
share, option related; holds 26,009 shares.

Vital Images Inc.: Stanley Morgan, beneficial owner, sold 295,000 shares Nov. 30
at $18.60 per share and sold 46,500 shares Dec. 3 at $17.78 per share; holds
1,504,998 shares.

Wells Fargo & Co.: Julie White, vice president, sold 500 shares Aug. 28 at
$35.56 per share, amended filing; holds 13,286 shares.

Trading of company stock reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission,
according to Bloomberg News; holdings include only common shares owned and do
not include stock warrants or options.

- Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           December 29, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Athletes, activists top Order of Canada honorees for 2007

BYLINE: Compiled by Neco Cockburn, The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: CITY; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 953  words


A Bank of Canada governor, human rights activist, jurist and nurse are among the
latest appointments to the Order of Canada.

The Ottawa recipients are four of 62 new appointments to the country's highest
civilian honour, a list that includes sports figures, former judges,
politicians, musicians and philanthropists.

Bank of Canada governor David Dodge, who is scheduled to step down on Feb. 1,
was recognized for his contributions to public service and leadership in
Canadian monetary policy. He was named an Officer, the second-highest Order of
Canada category.

Alex Neve, secretary general of Amnesty International Canada, was also named an
Officer for his leadership in human rights nationally and internationally.

René Marin, who is considered a pioneer in the use of French in Ontario law, was
named a Member of the Order of Canada.

Also named a Member was Anne Wieler, cited for her contributions as a nurse,
educator and administrator "who worked tirelessly to improve health care in
Canada's North and throughout the world."

They join other notables such as Louise Arbour, the former Supreme Court of
Canada judge who is now the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights;
Phoenix Suns basketball star Steve Nash; retired MP Deborah Grey, who was the
first Reformer elected to the House of Commons; Clara Hughes, a humanitarian and
Canada's only athlete to win medals at both summer and winter Olympic Games;
Wayne Gretzky's father, Walter, who was recognized for his contributions to
minor hockey and work with various charities and Paul Shaffer, David Letterman's
famous musical director and sidekick.

"These are remarkable Canadians who are being recognized for their great
contributions to our country and sometimes internationally," said Isabelle
Serrurier, a media officer at Rideau Hall.

The Order of Canada was established in 1967 to recognize outstanding achievement
and service in various fields.

The appointments have been in effect since Oct. 25, but were announced yesterday
by Gov. Gen. Michaëlle Jean.

- - -

Some of the recipients ...

The 61 honorees for 2007 include, from top left:

1. Musician Paul Shaffer, shown with Governor General Michaëlle Jean;

2. Hockey dad and campaigner for charities Walter Gretzky;

3. Olympic gold medallist and philanthropist Clara Hughes;

4. Basketball star and charities leader Steve Nash;

5. Louise Arbour, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights;

6. Bank of Canada Governor David Dodge;

7. Art photographer Jeff Wall;

8. Award-winning novelist Richard B. Wright;

9. Alex Neve, the secretary general of Amnesty International Canada;

10. Deb Grey, first Reformer elected to the House of Commons.

- - -

Companions

Louise Arbour, Geneva, Switzerland and Montreal, Que. Law

Michael Snow, (This is a promotion within the Order) Toronto, Ont. Arts/Visual

Margaret E. Southern, (This is a promotion within the Order) Calgary, Alta.
Sports

Officers

Marie Chouinard, Montreal, Que. Arts/Stage/Dance

David A. Dodge, Ottawa, Ont. Public Service

Richard L. (Rick) George, O.C., Calgary, Alta. Industry/Commerce/Business

Deborah Grey, Edmonton, Alta. Public Service

Clara Hughes, Calgary, Alta. and Winnipeg, Man. Sports

Douglas Gordon Jones, North Hatley, Que. Arts/Writing

E. Leo Kolber, Montreal, Que. Industry/Commerce/Business

Donat Lacroix, Caraquet, N.B. Arts/Music

Jean Lemire, Montreal, Que. Science

Joanne MacDonald, St. John's, N.L. Social Service

Grant Munro, Westmount, Que. Arts/Films

Stephen (Steve) Nash, Phoenix, Arizona, and Victoria, B.C. Sports

Alex Neve, Ottawa, Ont. Social Service

Adrianne Pieczonka, Toronto, Ont. Arts/Music

Richard Puddephatt, London, Ont. Science

Muriel Smith, Winnipeg, Man. Social Service

Steven Staryk, Scottsdale, Arizona, and Toronto, Ont. Arts/Music

Lawrence M. Tanenbaum, Toronto, Ont. Philanthropy

Jeff Wall, Vancouver, B.C. Arts/Visual

Members

Garry W. Anderson, C.M., Cranbrook, B.C. Heritage Tony Aspler, Toronto, Ont.
Communications

Peter Aucoin, Halifax, N.S. Education

Larry Audlaluk, Grise Fiord, Nun. Voluntary Service

John Barron, Komoka, Ont. Arts/Music

Margaret Becklake, Montreal, Que. Health Care

Carol Gay Bell, Regina, Sask. Arts/Stage

Hélène-Andrée Bizier, Montreal, Que. Heritage

Thea Borlase, Moncton, N.B. Voluntary Service

Peter G. Buckland, North Vancouver, B.C. Engineering

Michael Clague, Vancouver, B.C. Social Service

Armand de Mestral, Montreal, Que. Law

Marcien Ferland, La Salle, Man. Arts/Music

Mallory Gilbert, Toronto, Ont. Arts/Stage

Frieda Graniot, Vancouver, B.C. Education Walter Gretzky, Brantford, Ont.
Voluntary Service

Valerie Hussey, Toronto, Ont. Communications

John E. (Jack) Irving, Saint John, N.B. Industry/Commerce/Business

Antoine Landry, Caraquet, N.B. Heritage

Patrick LeSage, Toronto, Ont. Law

Karen Letofsky, Toronto, Ont. Social Service

René J. Marin, Ottawa, Ont. Public Service

Dick North, Dawson City, Y.T. Heritage

Patricia O'Connor, Yellowknife, N.W.T. Health Care

Irene Pfeiffer, Okotoks, Alta. Voluntary Service

Kenneth Poyser, Edmonton, Alta. Voluntary Service

Derek A. Price, Westmount, Que. Philanthropy

Bruce Pullan, Delta, B.C. Arts/Music

Ray V. Rajotte, Edmonton, Alta. Health Care

Joseph Schatzker, Toronto, Ont. Health Care

Michael D. Scott, Sooke, B.C. Industry/Commerce/Business

Yoshio Senda, Lethbridge, Alta. Voluntary Service

Paul Shaffer, Bedford, NY, and Thunder Bay, Ont. Arts/Music

Douglas A. Smith, Gore Bay, Ont. Industry/Commerce/Business

Reverend Sister Margaret Smith, North Bay, Ont. Health Care

Jeffrey Spalding, Calgary, Alta. and Jeddore, N.S. Arts/Visual

T. Kenneth Thorlakson, Winnipeg, Man.

Voluntary Service

Reverend Sister Margaret Vickers, Vancouver, B.C. and Saint John, N.B.

Health Care

Anne H. Wieler, Ottawa

Health Care

Richard B. Wright, St. Catharines, Ont.

Arts/Writing

Compiled by Neco Cockburn

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Kier Gilmour, The Ottawa Citizen; Musician Paul Shaffer, shown
with Governor General Michaëlle Jean ;
Colour Photo: Chris Mikula, The Ottawa Citizen; Hockey dad and campaigner for
charities Walter Gretzky ;
Colour Photo: Grigory Dukor, Reuters; Olympic gold medallist and philanthropist
Clara Hughes ;
Colour Photo: Tyler Anderson, The National Post; Basketball star and charities
leader Steve Nash ;
Colour Photo: Denis Balibouse, Reuters; Louise Arbour, the United Nations High
Commissioner for Human Rights ;
Colour Photo: Wayne Cuddington, The Ottawa Citizen; Bank of Canada Governor
David Dodge ;
Colour Photo: Art photographer Jeff Wall ;
Colour Photo: Rod MacIvor, The Ottawa Citizen; Award-winning novelist Richard B.
Wright ;
Colour Photo: Brennan O'Connor, The National Post; Alex Neve, the secretary
general of Amnesty International Canada ;
Colour Photo: Wayne Hiebert, The Ottawa Citizen; Deb Grey, first Reformer
elected to the House of Commons. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             August 23, 2004 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Moves

BYLINE: Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Keeping Track; Pg. F10

LENGTH: 712  words


Al Chance and Robert McLenehan of Golder Associates' Greater Vancouver offices
were appointed principals of the company. Golder is a global group of consulting
companies specializing in ground engineering and environmental services.

Fern Hubbard is the first registrar of the newly-legislated College of
Dietitians of B.C. She was formerly deputy registrar of the College of Dental
Hygienists of B.C.

To expand its stake in the North American infrastructure market, engineering
company AMEC has created a new position and named local engineer Steve Hunt
vice-president, business development and strategy.

Danielle Michael, vice-president, business development at Radical Entertainment,
was appointed to the BC Special Olympics board of directors.

Protox Therapeutics, which develops targeted therapeutics for the treatment of
cancer, named Terry Vanderkruyk director, investor relations. He was most
recently with VSM MedTech.

Elizabeth Stokes has joined Suburbia Advertising as production manager.

E-Comm/9-1-1, Emergency Communications for Southwest British Columbia appointed
Jasmine Lucky as corporate communications coordinator.

Wade Wilkins has moved from the Delta Whistler Resort to become tour and travel
sales manager for the Vancouver Marriott Pinnacle.

Leslie Ng, formerly with Macdonald Dettwiler and Associates, is now financial
engineer at FinancialCAD Corporation in Surrey. He develops mathematical
analysis software for evaluation of short-term investments.

Longview Communications has hired David Ryan as an associate. He was previously
with Karyo Communications.

The 2004-05 board of Habitat for Humanity Society of Greater Vancouver includes
chair Jeffrey Monachello of Starbucks Coffee, treasurer Tom Walsh of Grant
Thornton, new directors Derek Hodgkinson of O&Y CB Richard Ellis, Joan
McArthur-Blair of Vancouver Community College, Roy Patzer of Concert Properties,
Stella Wiesen of Ballard Power Systems and Colin Gour, returning directors Bill
Robinson, Wayne Stewart and Jeanette Thompson, and executive director Anneke
Rees.

On the 2004-05 board of Providence Health Care are Sandra Heath (chair), Doug
Brown and Kip Woodward (vice-chairs), new directors Sister Marie-Vie Chua, Frank
Holler and Pierre Le Duc, and returning members Janet Brown, Michael Crean,
Sister Mary Gordon, Jacqueline Kelly, Tom Murphy, Daniel Nocente, Keith
Purchase, Reverend Monsignor Bernard Rossi, Dr. Gavin Stuart, Sister Margaret
Vickers and Richard Wong.

The new executive of the SFU Alumni Association includes Glenn Young of IMI
International Millwork Industries (president), Charles Mah of Pinton, Forrest &
Madden International (vice-president), and Karl Dopf of Prospera Credit Union
(treasurer).

Peter Bishop has joined Antarctica Systems, a provider of enterprise Business
Performance Management software, as vice-president of operations. He was
previously with Snowbush Microelectronics.

The RADA Group appointed Kevin Donelly and Michael Hart as associates. RADA is a
Burnaby electrical, lighting, communications, and security consulting firm.

Re-elected by acclamation to the B.C. Entertainment Hall of Fame were president
Art Jones, vice-president Elizabeth Ball, secretary Rae Ackerman, treasurer Neal
Nicholson and directors Mark Andrew, Patrick Haberl, Diana Lam, Barbara McLean,
Red Robinson, Joy Metcalfe, William Saunders, Robert Gatto, Graeme Stamp and
past president Norman Young.

Newly elected to the 2004-05 board of the Association of Dental Surgeons of B.C.
are Drs. Ed O'Brien (president), Dave Zaparinuk (president-elect), Tony Gill
(secretary-treasurer), Angelique Leung and Bruce Ward (Vancouver), Will Gaede
(Thompson-Okanagan), Tony Lim (Fraser Valley) and Darryl Sinclair (Victoria).
Board members in mid-term are Drs. James Armstrong (Vancouver), Alastair Nicoll
(Kootenay), Daniel Dagasso (Peace River), Patrick Lum (Prince George), Bill
Redman (Northwestern), Mark Wang (Fraser Valley), Bill Toews (Upper Island) and
Timothy Tam (Dental Specialist Society representative).

Vancouver-based Flight Centre North America named Carole Cooper Canada Retail
Leader. She will work out of Toronto.

Gordon Cook of Tamarack Capital Advisor was named to the board of Con-Space
Communications, designer and manufacturer of specialized voice communication
equipment.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           August 10, 2005 Wednesday

Grants/contracts

LENGTH: 915 words


Grants/contracts

PatientKeeper, AssistMed in DictAide service partnership

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report  PatientKeeper (Boston), a provider of
mobile computing solutions for healthcare, has entered a partnership with
AssistMed (Los Angeles), a provider of transcription services. The partnership
adds AssistMed's DictAide dictation transcription service as an option to the
PatientKeeper Mobile Dictation application.

Physicians now are able to dictate patient notes with their mobile devices and
securely send the files to AssistMed for transcription.

PatientKeeper Mobile Dictation is designed to streamline workflow, thereby
potentially reducing errors, and speeds turnaround times for physicians and
administrative staff. Physicians are designed to be able to dictate using their
Palm OS and PocketPC devices.

Through PatientKeeper's integration with existing hospital information systems,
patient medical record numbers and provider information are automatically
embedded into the dictated note, which is designed to eliminate clerical work
for the physician and ensuring the correct patient is associated with note, the
company said.

Cardiac Science (Irvine, California), a manufacturer of automated external
defibrillators (AEDs) and provider of AED/CPR training and AED program
management services, said that it has received orders for 317 Powerheart G3 AEDs
to be delivered in this quarter along with AED/CPR training and program
management services valued at more than $500,000 from four major military
installations in the U.S.

The military branches awarding contracts to Cardiac Science include the U.S.
Army 81st Regional Support Command (Birmingham, Alabama); the U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers, Louisville District (Louisville, Kentucky); the Maine National Guard;
and Fort Hood, Texas, the largest active duty armored post in the country. Fort
Hood supports two full armored divisions and covers a total of 339 square miles.

Along with providing AEDs to the U.S. Army 81st Regional Support Command,
Cardiac Science also will train more than 2,600 of its personnel at numerous
locations in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, Kentucky, North Carolina,
South Carolina and Tennessee. The Army unit provides command and control and
direct support services for more than 30,000 soldiers.

In other grants/contracts news:

·Bayer HealthCare Diagnostics Division (Tarrytown, New York), a member of the
Bayer Group, reported that it has been awarded a single-source award for urine
chemistry analyzers and test strips and a dual-source award for urine microscopy
from Novation, the supply company of VHA (Irving, Texas) and the University
HealthSystem Consortium (UHC; Oak Brook, Illinois).

The award provides VHA and UHC member organizations with access to savings on
Bayer Diagnostics' urine chemistry and urine microscopy products and adds to the
four previously established contracts with Novation for automation and
immunoassay, hematology, blood gas and molecular products.

The three-year agreement, which began Aug. 1, includes urine chemistry products
and reagents for use in the central laboratory and physician office lab
settings. Specific products covered in this award include the Clinitek Atlas
Urine Chemistry System, Sysmex UF-100 Microscopy System, ADVIA Urinalysis
WorkCell Integrated System, Clinitek 500 urinalysis instrument, Clinitek Status
analyzer and Multistix Urinalysis Test Strips.

·Medical Present Value (MPV; San Antonio), a provider of contract modeling
services and claims auditing software to maximize reimbursement for medical
groups, reported that Fallon Clinic (Worcester, Massachusetts), which it said is
the largest privately held group practice in central Massachusetts, has selected
MPV Phynance to help identify, appeal and recover contractually underpaid
claims.

The 250-physician multi-specialty group will use MPV Phynance to fully define
the complex terms of its payor contracts, including the many variables and
payment policies that determine the value of its medical claims. By modeling
contracts this way, Fallon Clinic is expected to be able to determine if it is
being paid in accordance with the terms of its payor contracts.

Fallon Clinic also will be able to use this data to monitor overall contract
performance for future negotiations with payors, MPV said.

·MedCom USA (Scottsdale, Arizona), a provider of HIPAA-compliant dental,
healthcare and financial transaction solutions for the healthcare and dental
industry, reported a partnership with Delta Dental of Arizona (Phoenix) to
promote its Point of Service (POS) System.

The MedCom system for dentists includes 50 payers and plans which provide
real-time benefit verification and payment transaction processing in the dental
office. In addition to benefit verification, MedCom offers a complete suite of
self-pay financial services including credit card, debit card, check processing
and patient easy-pay options. These enhancements increase dental office
efficiencies in claims submission and other practice functions that translate to
operational cost savings, MedCom said.

·Candela (Wayland, Massachusetts) reported that it has signed an exclusive
three-year agreement with McKesson Medical-Surgical (San Francisco) for
distribution of the company's full aesthetic laser and light-based line of
products. McKesson is a distributor and service provider to the family and
general practice market in the U.S. The agreement will become effective Nov. 1.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2005 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            March 25, 2017 Saturday

LENGTH: 549 words


New stake

A new stake has been created from the Port Harcourt Nigeria and Port Harcourt
Nigeria West stakes. The Port Harcourt Nigeria South Stake, which consists of
the Alase-Ama, LoLo-Ama branches and the Abo-Ama, Borokiri, Bundu, Diobu 1st and
Township wards, was created by Elder Vern Perry Stanfill, a General Authority
Seventy, and Elder Aniefiok Udo Inyon, an Area Seventy.

PORT HARCOURT NIGERIA SOUTH STAKE: (Nov. 27, 2016) Presdient - Eric Enlwulu
Aganbi, 47, employee, Eripath Water Services; wife, Juliet Ndldiamaka Okoro
Aganbi. Counselors - Otonye Moses Berelweriso, 51, principal scientific officer;
wife, Eunice Boma Parker. Emughedi George Iwori, 33, sales supervisor; wife,
Pamela Emughedi Diembere Iwori.

Reorganized stakes

OGDEN UTAH WEST STAKE: (Jan. 8, 2017) President - David Maloy Hales, 47,
principal, Weber School District; succeeding T. Trevor Bell; wife, Mindy Doré
McCormick Hales. Counselors - Todd Claine Baird, 48, professor, Weber State
University; wife, Julie Gibbons Baird. Jared Leland Jensen, 40, partner, Sierra
RV; wife, Leslie Michelle Brady Jensen.

SALT LAKE GRANT STAKE: (Jan. 15, 2017) President - Douglas Gene Sampson, 63,
vice president of research and development and operations Dynatronics;
succeeding Jerald H. Burton; wife, Wendy Noreen Cole Sampson. Counselors - Brian
Hanson Blake, 49, paralegal, State of Utah, Office of the Attorney General;
wife, Laurie Anne Johnson Blake. Rogers Shannon Mock, 46, owner, Moss Rock Arts
& Design, Inc.; wife, Robyn Jean Ross Mock.

SALT LAKE PIONEER STAKE: (Dec. 27, 2016) President - Thomas Barg DeFa, 59,
reimbursement manager, Intermountain Healthcare; succeeding Todd G. Mabey; wife,
Debra Dumas DeFa. Counselors - Ensign Wolfgramm, 60, customer service
representative, Delta Airbus; wife, Sandy May Kongaika Wolfgramm. Shane Mgatusi
Moe, 62, customer service representative, Molina Heathcare; wife, Lesieli
Hingalio Filipe Moe.

SEARCY ARKANSAS STAKE: (Jan. 8, 2017) President - David Mark Lewis, 61,
physician and surgeon; succeeding Bruce K. Berkheimer; wife, Karen Maxine Mahlum
Lewis. Counselors - Barton Lane Sherwood, 54, owner, Sherwood Tractor, Inc.;
wife, Lorra Lynn Burton Sherwood. Phillip Alvin Misseldine, 60, UNIX team lead,
State of Arkansas; wife, Carin Elaine Crichton Misseldine.

SPOKANE WASHINGTON EAST STAKE: (Jan. 8, 2017) President - Brent Stephen Byers,
56, senior district manager, Abbott Laboratories; succeeding Gregory D. Mott;
wife, Yvonne Marie Byers. Counselors - Joel Courtney White, 50, financial
advisor; wife, Deborah Thomason White. David Joseph Mallonee, 47, physical
therapist; wife, Shawna Jones Mallonee.

TAO YUAN TAIWAN STAKE: (Nov. 20, 2016) President - Yi-Ming Wang, 53, factory
assistant, Everlight Chemical; succeeding Tsai Fu An; wife, Chen Hsu Wang.
Counselors - Ye Chen, 45, temple recorder; wife, Ching-Ching Cheng. Chieh Ping
Chiu, 36, sales representative, Danken Enterprise Co. Ltd.; wife, Szu Hui Chen
Chiu.

UBERABA BRAZIL STAKE: (Oct. 30, 2016) President - Marcelo Ponciano da Silva, 35,
professor; succeeding J. Rhodney Viana Sá; wife, Lira Paula Gomes Carneiro Leão.
Counselors - Sandro Henrique Antunes Ribeiro, 43, professor; wife, Luis Daniely
Ferreira Rocha Ribeiro. Mathias Nicolau Bronner, 37, physician pathologist;
wife, Michelle Gabriela Lemes Bronner.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2017 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            December 1, 2006 Friday

Business news in brief

SECTION: BRIEFS; Pg. D03

LENGTH: 1258 words

IN THE REGION

Former Amkor general counsel charged with fraud

The U.S. Attorney's Office in Philadelphia said yesterday that it has charged
Kevin Heron, general counsel of Amkor Technology Inc. from 1994 to 2005, with
four counts of securities fraud. Prosecutors allege that Heron bought and sold
Amkor stock and options during periods in which he had inside information, then
traded the securities and pocketed the profit when the information became
public, collecting more than $292,000 in improper profit. At the time of the
trades, Heron was in charge of complying with federal securities law, among his
other responsibilities. Heron could not be reached for comment. Heron is free on
bail, said Richard Manieri, spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office. Amkor, a
semiconductor packager, moved its headquarters from West Chester to Chandler,
Ariz., in 2005. - Joseph N. DiStefano

Tennenbaum Capital completes Radnor Holdings deal


Tennenbaum Capital Partners L.L.C. said it completed the purchase of Radnor
Holdings Corp. out of bankruptcy court in Wilmington. The Santa Monica private
equity firm offered nearly $225 million for most of the assets of Radnor, which
had filed for bankruptcy protection in August. Tennenbaum said it would form a
company from the assets called WinCup Inc., which is the name of one of the
companies rolled up into Radnor by founder Michael Kennedy. Radnor lost $94
million last year on revenue of $465.6 million. Tennenbaum Capital, which
invested $120 million in Radnor a year ago, also said that George William Wurtz
III, a veteran of Georgia-Pacific Corp., James River Corp., and other companies,
joined Radnor as chief executive. Tennenbaum's announcement did not mention
Kennedy, who was paid $36 million in salary, bonuses and other benefits from
1996 through 2005.- Harold Brubaker

Ala. science center buys African Plains ride

Environmental Tectonics Corp. in Southampton said it sold a Wild Earth: African
Plains ride to the McWane Science Center in Birmingham, Ala. The sale price of
the ride - which takes two people through a self-directed, high-definition-photo
safari simulation - was not disclosed. The deal with McWane also includes a
pre-order of Environmental Tectonics' Deep Ocean Safari simulator. African
Plains has been available for two years, and is currently installed at the
Philadelphia Zoo, the San Diego Zoo, and elsewhere, said Dave Mitchell, director
of sales for Environmental Tectonics' Entertainment Technology Corp. division. -
Akweli Parker

Aetna Foundation gives $159,000 to 5 area groups

The Aetna Foundation has announced grants totaling $159,000 to five
organizations in eastern Pennsylvania and South Jersey. The grants went to: Our
Lady of Lourdes Foundation in Camden, $40,000, for obesity prevention for
newborns and toddlers; Women's Development Institute International in Abington,
$35,000, for an end-of-life care-awareness program; Maternal and Child Health
Consortium of West Chester, $30,000, for a maternal-depression project targeting
low-income and minority women who are pregnant or post-partum; Penrose School of
Philadelphia, $30,000, for fitness programs for children; and Philadelphia
Citizens for Children and Youth, $24,000, for a children's oral-health resource
guide geared to health-care providers and parents. - Linda Loyd

Rite Aid stockholders' meeting in Jan. on mergers

Rite Aid Corp., Camp Hill, said a special meeting would be held Jan. 18 at the
Hilton Harrisburg for stockholders of record at the close of business Nov. 24,
in connection with the company's pending acquisition of the Brooks and Eckerd
drugstore chains from Jean Coutu Group Inc. At the meeting, Rite Aid
stockholders will be asked, among other things, to approve the issuance of 250
million shares of Rite Aid common stock to Jean Coutu Group. - Thomas J. Brady

ELSEWHERE

Bankrupt Delta narrows loss in Oct. to $88 million

Delta Air Lines Inc., which is operating under bankruptcy protection, reported
that it narrowed its loss in October to $88 million. The nation's third-largest
carrier said its loss was equivalent to 45 cents a share in the 31-day period
and was smaller than its loss of $301 million for the same month last year. It
did not provide a per-share figure for the loss a year ago. - AP

Intuit to buy Digital Insight for $1.35 billion in cash

Financial-software-maker Intuit Inc. said it had agreed to acquire
banking-software company Digital Insight Corp. in a cash deal valued at about
$1.35 billion. Under terms of the agreement, Intuit, the maker of TurboTax and
Quicken software, will pay $39 a share for Digital Insight, a Calabasas, Calif.,
provider of online-banking software. - AP

Marcal Paper files for bankruptcy protection

Marcal Paper Mills Inc., which makes bathroom tissue and kitchen towels, has
filed for bankruptcy protection, citing a 40 percent jump in energy costs. It
has more than $100 million in assets, and about $118 million secured debt and
$38 million unsecured debt, the Elmwood Park, N.J., company said in court
papers. The closely held company employs about 900 people, most living within
five miles of Marcal's plant in Elmwood Park. - Bloomberg News

Bankrupt Delphi settles fraud claims with SEC

A judge has approved a settlement between Delphi Corp. and the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission after a two-year investigation of the bankrupt
auto-parts-maker. Delphi won't pay fines or admit wrongdoing. The SEC sued the
Troy, Mich., company and 13 individuals Oct. 30, claiming fraud and other
accounting violations. - Bloomberg News

Report blasts states for payday-lending excess...

The payday-loan industry took $4.2 billion from consumers in 2005 because states
have not done enough to restrict high-interest loans and practices that trap
people in financial quicksand, the Center for Responsible Lending said
yesterday. States need to do more to limit interest rates and fees, said Michael
D. Calhoun, president of the group. The payday-lending industry said the report
was flawed, with misleading and inaccurate information. - Associated Press

... and FDIC tries to ease banking for poorer families

Sheila Bair, chairman of the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., said she
would explore ways to make mainstream banking services more accessible and
affordable for working families who often turn to payday loans and other means
to pay their bills. "It almost seems as if the market has become divided between
two groups: those who successfully rely on banks for virtually cost-free basic
financial services and those who pay high amounts," Bair said in prepared
remarks before the Consumer Federation of America in Washington. - Bloomberg
News

Heinz quarterly profit slips 6%, but revenue up 3.5%

H.J. Heinz Co. said its fiscal second-quarter profit slipped 6 percent,
reflecting a higher tax rate and the impact of discontinued operations. But
revenue grew about 3.5 percent, led by U.S. ketchup sales, and the
Pittsburgh-based company raised its fiscal 2007 earnings outlook. - AP

Mortgage rates fall a third straight week

Mortgage rates around the country fell this week, with rates on 30-year
mortgages dipping to the lowest level since January. Mortgage giant Freddie Mac
reported that 30-year, fixed-rate mortgages averaged 6.14 percent, down from
6.18 percent last week. That was the lowest rate since the week of Jan. 26, when
rates for 30-year mortgages averaged 6.12 percent. It marked the third straight
weekly decline in rates, a development that economists attributed to inflation
pressures easing as the overall economy slowed. - AP

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             June 13, 2006 Tuesday

Business ticker

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 626 words


U.S. ROUNDUP
--- With Ford Motor Co. and General Motors Corp. facing market share declines
and financial troubles, United Auto Workers President Ron Gettelfinger told the
union convention's 1,300 attendees yesterday in Las Vegas that it's time for new
thinking. "Like it or not, these challenges aren't the kind that can be ridden
out," he said. Gettelfinger also blamed many of the auto industry's problems on
the Bush administration, said a concessionary health care deal with Ford and GM
was the most difficult decision he's made as president.

--- The parent of job search site Monster.com was subpoenaed yesterday by the
U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York over the timing of stock
options granted to executives. Earlier in the day, Monster Worldwide Inc. had
announced it opened an internal investigation of all its stock option grants.
The company often granted options dated before steep rises in its share price, a
report published yesterday said.

--- Lehman Brothers Hold ings Inc. reported profit rose 48 percent in its fiscal
second quarter, but worries about how eroding financial markets could cut into
earnings of big Wall Street firms sent shares sharply lower yesterday. Global
expansion of Lehman's investment banking and equities trading businesses helped
the New York-based investment firm achieve its second highest quarterly profit.

--- Energy supplier Mirant Corp. said yesterday it is rescinding its nearly $8
billion bid to acquire rival NRG Energy Inc., an about-face that analysts say
was not surprising given NRG's unwillingness to consider a deal. NRG shares fell
more than 7 percent on the news. Edward Muller, Mirant's chief executive, said
that while the company believes a combination of the two companies would be a
good idea, Mirant acknowledges a long battle is not. In a statement on Mirant's
decision to withdraw its offer, Princeton, N.J.-based NRG said that over the
past two years its stock has appreciated 120 percent.

--- Shares of The Walt Disney Co. dipped slightly yesterday, then rebounded,
reflecting lower than expected ticket sales during the opening weekend of the
Pixar animated film "Cars." While its first film since Disney bought Pixar
Animation Studios for $7.4 billion brought in an estimated $62.8 million, making
it the top movie at the weekend box office, actual figures released yesterday
put ticket sales lower at $60.1 million. That was even less than the $70 million
or so that some financial analysts had expected, based on the performance of
Pixar's last two films, "The Incredibles" and "Finding Nemo."

--- Bankrupt Northwest Air lines Corp. and its flight attendants reached a sort
of truce yesterday, with a new round of talks planned and threat of a strike
forestalled. The negotiations to begin tomorrow will defuse, for now, a showdown
that began June 6 when 80 percent of voting flight attendants rejected pay cuts
and changes to work rules their union leaders had negotiated to save the airline
$195 million annually. Yesterday the union said Northwest agreed not to impose
its terms until at least June 30, and the union promised not to strike until at
least then. The union said it agreed to give the company a 15-day notice before
striking if it decides to back out of the agreement.

--- Oil transport and storage operator Pacific Energy Partners LP said yesterday
it has agreed to be acquired by Houston-based Plains All American Pipeline LP
for about $1.9 billion in cash and stock. Under the terms of the deal, Plains
will acquire Long Beach, Calif.-based Pacific Energy's general partner interest
and incentive distribution rights from LB Pacific, as well as 2.6 million common
units and 7.8 million subordinated units, for $700 million in cash.
-- The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             August 10, 2007 Friday

HEALTH HAPPENINGS

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 1145 words


Announcement forms may be obtained by calling 925-779-7173.

ONGOING EVENTS

Hearing tests for seniors -- Seniors are eligible for a free full audiological
exam or hearing aid evaluation. Also can receive up to a 30 percent discount on
hearing aids. Call 925-947-3300 or 925-674-2586 for details.

Home Chore Registry Program: East County -- A program for seniors who need to
hire someone to help with day-to-day tasks. For more information about this
program in East County call 925-439-1202.

UnitedHealthcare Children's Foundation -- California parents with children in
need of medical services or equipment not fully covered by health insurance can
apply for a grant up to $5,000. For information: http://www.uhccf.org .

Power wheel chairs available -- Miracle on Wheels makes available electric power
wheelchairs to non-ambulatory senior citizens, 65 years-and older, and the
permanently disabled of any age. For information and qualifications:
1-800-749-8778, http://www.jaspanmedical.com .

BLOOD DRIVES

American Red Cross Blood Drives -- 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com to
schedule appointment.

Aug. 18, 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Church hall, St. Anthony Church, 971 O'Hara Ave., Oakley.
Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . Use code:
STANTHONYOAKLEY.

Aug. 27, 1:30-6:30 p.m. Community Presbyterian Church of Pittsburg, 200 E.
Leland Road. Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . Use code:
PITTSBURG.

SUTTER DELTA CENTER

Sutter Delta Medical Center offers the following health events, 3901 Lone Tree
Way, Antioch:

Women's Health Center Tours, 1:30 or 7:30 p.m. first and third Mondays monthly.
925-779-7230.

"Calling It Quits": Smoking Cessation, Do you want to kick the habit of smoking?
Classes are scheduled as needed. For information, call 925-779-3570.

Lactation Services, The Women's Health Center has lactation consultants with
services available for outpatient appointments. 925-779-7200, Ext. 4206.

Diabetic Education Series, 5-6 p.m. Sept. 10, 17, 24 and Oct. 1. A series of
four classes aimed at the basics of diabetes, what it is, management techniques,
food and recipe ideas and more. Spouses and caregivers are welcome.
Registration: 925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

ABCs of CHF: Living Well with Congestive Heart Failure, 10 a.m.-noon. Sept. 12
and 19. The causes of CHF are varied but treatments are fairly consistent.
Two-day class shows some tricks of the trade for coping with this manageable
condition. Registration: 925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

Get Tough on Angina, 6-8 p.m. Sept. 12. The main goal of the class is to assist
you in becoming comfortable with talking about and coping with angina on a
day-to day basis in addition to being more comfortable. Registration:
925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org .

Quarterly Diabetic Workshops, Sept. 21. A clinical specialist will present a
variety of diabetes-related topics. For time and registration information:
925-779-3570.

Who Will Speak for You: Advance Directives, 10 to 11:30 a.m. Sept. 26. This
class will teach you about the legal document that allows you to appoint someone
to speak for you, on your behalf in the event of a medical emergency.
Registration: 925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

CPR for Family and Friends, 5-8 p.m. Sept. 27. This three-hour class teaches
recognition and emergency resuscitation techniques for laypersons who want to
learn rescue skills for a loved one. This is not a certification class.
925-779-3570,  juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

JOHN MUIR MEDICAL CENTER, BRENTWOOD

Offers the following health events and services, 2400 Balfour Road, Brentwood:

New Parent Group, 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Lactation: First and third Mondays
facilitated by a board-certified lactation consultant. Other Mondays will be
focused topics and open discussion on various parenting issues. Registration:
925-941-7900, option 3, http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

JOHN MUIR HEALTH & FITNESS INSTITUTE

Offers the following health events, 2231 Galaxy Court, Concord:

Body fat testing, provides body composition screening. Fee is $25-50. Contact:
925-798-9401 for appointment.

One-on-one fitness evaluation, fee ranges from $90-150. Contact: 925-798-9401
for appointment.

Personal exercise training prescription, receive a functional and realistic
exercise prescription by an experienced fitness specialist. Contact:
925-798-9401 for fees and information.

JOHN MUIR WOMEN'S HEALTH CENTER

Offers the following health events, 1656 N. California Blvd., Walnut Creek:

Breast in the Best, 10 a.m.-noon Wednesdays. This weekly drop-in class is for
breast-feeding mothers to come for basic education about general feeding,
supplementing, pumping and storing. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Osteoporosis Exercise, 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. For anyone who has been
diagnosed with osteoporosis. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Post Partum Depression/Anxiety Group, Get help with excessive worries about
yourself or your baby. Call 510-273-9548 for date, times and registration.

First Mondays for Women, Connect with other women on the first Monday of each
month and make new friends. Guest speakers, professional and personal support.
$10 per evening. Times and registration: 925-941-7900.

Yoga for Women, Noon-1 p.m. Tuesdays or 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. $70 for one
month. Registration: 925-942-7900, wwwjohnmuirhealth.com.

JOHN MUIR ELDER CARE SERVICES

Offers the following health events, 1808 Tice Valley Blvd., Walnut Creek:

Hands on Care for Family Caregivers, 9 a.m.-noon Aug. 24. Family members learn
how to give care that protects the care receiver and caregiver. Learn about new
types of equipment, , how to give a bath or shower, special diets and more.
Light refreshments served. Registration: 925-937-2018.

THE WELLNESS COMMUNITY

Offers the following health events, 3276 McNutt Avenue, Walnut Creek:

Newly Diagnosed Breast Cancer Workshop, 10:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. through Oct. 24
Wednesdays. This 16-week group is for women who have just been diagnosed and are
either in treatment or starting treatment. Guest medical experts will present
information to assist in understanding the disease. The group aspect assists you
in finding the tools for coping with the diagnosis and gaining the support of
others who share similar experiences. Free. Registration: 925-933-0107.

Patient and Healthcare Advocacy, 10 a.m. Aug. 11. Learn how to get the most from
your healthcare team including office visits, helping care providers work
together and resources for dealing with billing and insurance issues. Free.
Registration: 925-933-0107.

Laughter Playshop, 10 a.m. Aug. 25. Laughter has numerous health benefits,
especially for the immune system. Share the benefits of laughter and participate
in simple improvisation exercises to make you laugh. Free for cancer patients,
their family and friends. Registration: 925-933-0107.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                             March 3, 1992 Tuesday

HANG ON TO HEALTH SERVICE: PROFESSOR

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: OCONNOR T

LENGTH: 646 words


Hang on to health service: professor By TERRY O'CONNOR higher education editor
PROFESSOR Gisela Kaplan has a word of warning for Australians, based on research
work in the United States: ""Hang on to your health and welfare system." She
won't actually say there is an immediate threat to the system, but mentions that
in a recession, politicians have a habit of cutting corners _ and cutting
corners to produce anything like the US system would be disastrous. Being sick
in the US caused poverty, she said, and in some areas a single woman with one
child received only $97 a month. ""I defy anyone to live on that," she said.
Prof Kaplan said most poor people in the US were ""working poor", but illness
could force them completely out of the job market. ""Health insurance is not a
national system. It depends on your personal ability to pay. ""You have to sell
your house and spend all your savings before you can claim any assistance, so
you are forcing people into poverty before assistance can be paid. ""Once
(illness) has caused poverty it results in a trap of such dimensions that it
takes a miracle to get anyone out of it." Prof Kaplan, the foundation head of
the social science school at QUT, recently completed a $250,000 research project
into poverty in the Mississippi Delta. While visiting professor at Memphis State
University she studied black female-headed household poverty in Tunica County,
the poorest county in the US, with a high population of black people. She also
studied the US minimum wage system, which was in stark contrast to Australia's.
""In the US there is no minimum wage calculated that is actually a living wage
because (it) is set in various states at $3.80 an hour," she said. ""Even if a
person on a minimum income works 40 or 50 hours a week he or she is still in
complete poverty. The average income in Mississippi is $5600." The so-called
poverty line had been set in the US in 1956, based on the cost of food. At that
time food took about a quarter of people's income; that proportion had changed
radically, but food costs were still the determinant. Prof Kaplan said the US
had also targeted welfare by looking only at the very poorest groups, and used a
moralised system by using food vouchers to prevent people buying cigarettes,
alcohol or ""unsuitable" foods. ""When you give people no money but food
vouchers, you get a racket system going. They have to trade in the food vouchers
at the corner store in order to buy whatever else they need. ""The owner of the
store knows it's illegal, so they're charging a 20 percent fee . . . and many
corner stores really get quite rich." There's little chance of a food voucher
system ever starting in Australia, but Prof Kaplan is still quite worried about
the prospects for welfare and health care systems here. ""Having seen what the
nexus is between health care and general living standards and poverty, I'm now
more convinced than ever that that nexus must never be made," she said. ""If
people fall beyond a certain income or capacity to pay then they've got to be
picked up, in the same way that we pick them up in the welfare system." Prof
Kaplan disagreed with a suggestion that she saw an immediate threat to
Australia's health care system, but said her research had given her a much
clearer view of what welfare services Australia should be working towards. In
view of other models she was convinced that some aspects of Australian society
now under question were worth fighting for. She is working on an Australian
Research Council grant application to study similar issues in Australia, with
emphasis on the effects of the rural recession. Prof Kaplan has lectured at
Monash, ANU, NSW, ULE and in Germany and Canada. Her latest book, Contemporary
Western European Feminism will be published simultaneously this month in
Australia, the US and Britain.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PIC OF PROF GISELA KAPLAN

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                      January 17, 1992, Friday, 1* EDITION

COLUMN ONE

BYLINE: ARCHIBALD ROLLO; VANSUN

SECTION:  COLUMN ONE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 431 words


WHEN IS IT best to be Third? When you are the grand winner of the St. Paul's
Hospital's third annual condominium lottery.

The draw was made Thursday and the winner of the $ 417,000 luxury, two-bedroom,
two bathroom, 108-square-metre suite at 1000 Beach is Douglas Third, 63, of
Sechelt.

The suite comes complete with gas fire, fridge, stove, microwave, a parking
stall, optional marina berth, concierge service and an unobstructed view of
False Creek and beyond.

Judy says she spoke with Douglas, who indicated he would not occupy the suite
but would sell it and use the proceeds to help his four grown children. Douglas,
who retired in 1986, is a volunteer driver in the community.

Other winners were Rosemary Taylor of Mission ($ 5,000); Sam Wong of Vancouver
($ 3,000) and Roy Mercer of Delta ($ 2,000).

The money raised from the $ 100-a-ticket draw goes to support "excellence in
health care" at the hospital.

EAT WITH THE POLS

The 80-member Association of Ex-MLAs of B.C., whose membership should almost
double if all the last election losers and non-starters accept an invitation to
join, is holding its inaugural fund-raising dinner March 25 at the Italian
Cultural Centre.

Past-president Jim Nielsen says proceeds from the $ 125-a-plate dinner will be
used to provide bursaries for post-secondary students who have shown an interest
in entering public service.

The association has applied for charity status so the $ 125, or a portion
thereof, should be tax deductible.

Jim says Lt.-Gov. David Lam will be among the guests and the entertainment will
be provided by Bob Robertson and Linda Cullen of Double Exposure fame.

The association, which includes members of all parties, includes David Anderson,
Bob Bonner, Dennis Cocke, Hugh Curtis, Eileen Dailly, Senator Ray Perrault,
Scott Wallace and MP Bob Wenman.

If you want a ticket call Jim at 274-2156 or Jim Rhodes at 536-2206.

OLE ESPANA

If you can't wait until March 25 to get on your best lounge suit, the Vancouver
branch of the Canadian Diabetes Association is holding its 1992 Best Ball -
Salute to Spain, Feb. 1 at the Hotel Vancouver.

If you are into flamenco and paella, this $ 150-a-plate (50 per cent is tax
deductible) fund raiser will be right up your avenida.

David Dunne says last year's Best Ball raised more than $ 50,000 for research,
education, advocacy and other support programs of the CDA. Diabetes causes
blindness, kidney failure and heart disease and last year was the third leading
cause of death of Canadians.

For ticket information call 732-1331.



LOAD-DATE: January 17, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Gwinnett;
Gwinnett

BYLINE: Karen Huppertz, Eric Stirgus; Staff, for the AJC

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 435 words


PEACHTREE CORNERS

City unveils plans for Town Center

Peachtree Corners officials unveiled plans Monday for a mixed-use development
with retail shops, restaurants, offices and townhomes, a two-acre green space,
space for a performing arts facility and enough parking to accommodate special
events.

The Town Center is planned for 20-plus acres across from The Forum.

Public hearings will be held in November and December with construction slated
to begin in late 2015 for a grand opening in mid-2017.

KAREN HUPPERTZ FOR THE AJC

Countywide

Schools celebrate national award

Georgia's largest school district held a formal celebration for being the
co-recipient of the 2014 Broad Prize for Urban Education.

The award, given by the Eli and Edythe Broad Foundation, is given to a school
district for its efforts to close the achievement gap among low-income and
minority students. Gwinnett shared the prize with Orange County, Fla. The
foundation will award $500,000 in college scholarships to Gwinnett students
graduating in 2015. Gwinnett high school seniors interested in applying can do
so online by going to www.broadprize.org/scholarship_program/overview.html.

ERIC STIRGUS

PEACHTREE CORNERS

Swedish manufacturer expands operations

Molnlycke Health Care, a developer and manufacturer of professional healthcare,
wound care and surgical brands, headquartered in Gothenberg, Sweden, announce
the expansion of its North America region headquarter operations to 5500
Peachtree Parkway, in Peachtree Corners.

The 24,000 square foot expansion represents a nearly $1 million capital
investment and will include sales leadership, marketing, IT, finance and a
number of other back office support roles.

Information: www.molnlycke.com or www.gwinnetteconomicdevelopment.com.KAREN
HUPPERTZ FOR THE AJC

Upcoming

* Creative Community Services hosts Mall-O-Ween 5:30 to 8 p.m. Friday at
Gwinnett Place Mall, 2100 Pleasant Hill Road, Duluth.

Proceeds go to therapeutic foster care. Cost: $5. gcvb.org,
facebook.com/GwinnettPlaceMall.

* "Breakfast with the Veterans" will be 8:30 to 10 a.m. Nov. 8 at Gwinnett
Historic Courthouse, 185 West Crogan St., Lawrenceville.

Cost: $8.

Register by Saturday: 770-822-5450, gwinnettparks.com.

* The Stone Mountain-Lithonia Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority,
Inc., invites high school students to attend a free workshop on the Gates
Millennium Scholarship application process 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Nov. 8 at Rockdale
High School, 1174 Bulldog Circle, Conyers.

Registration: smlacFreeScholarshipWorkshop.eventbrite.com. gmsp.org,
smlacdst.org.

Peachtree Corners, Duluth and others on Twitter: @gwinnettnewsnow

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Gwinnett;
Gwinnett

BYLINE: Karen Huppertz, Eric Stirgus; Staff, for the AJC

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 435 words


PEACHTREE CORNERS

City unveils plans for Town Center

Peachtree Corners officials unveiled plans Monday for a mixed-use development
with retail shops, restaurants, offices and townhomes, a two-acre green space,
space for a performing arts facility and enough parking to accommodate special
events.

The Town Center is planned for 20-plus acres across from The Forum.

Public hearings will be held in November and December with construction slated
to begin in late 2015 for a grand opening in mid-2017.

KAREN HUPPERTZ FOR THE AJC

Countywide

Schools celebrate national award

Georgia's largest school district held a formal celebration for being the
co-recipient of the 2014 Broad Prize for Urban Education.

The award, given by the Eli and Edythe Broad Foundation, is given to a school
district for its efforts to close the achievement gap among low-income and
minority students. Gwinnett shared the prize with Orange County, Fla. The
foundation will award $500,000 in college scholarships to Gwinnett students
graduating in 2015. Gwinnett high school seniors interested in applying can do
so online by going to www.broadprize.org/scholarship_program/overview.html.

ERIC STIRGUS

PEACHTREE CORNERS

Swedish manufacturer expands operations

Molnlycke Health Care, a developer and manufacturer of professional healthcare,
wound care and surgical brands, headquartered in Gothenberg, Sweden, announce
the expansion of its North America region headquarter operations to 5500
Peachtree Parkway, in Peachtree Corners.

The 24,000 square foot expansion represents a nearly $1 million capital
investment and will include sales leadership, marketing, IT, finance and a
number of other back office support roles.

Information: www.molnlycke.com or www.gwinnetteconomicdevelopment.com.KAREN
HUPPERTZ FOR THE AJC

Upcoming

* Creative Community Services hosts Mall-O-Ween 5:30 to 8 p.m. Friday at
Gwinnett Place Mall, 2100 Pleasant Hill Road, Duluth.

Proceeds go to therapeutic foster care. Cost: $5. gcvb.org,
facebook.com/GwinnettPlaceMall.

* "Breakfast with the Veterans" will be 8:30 to 10 a.m. Nov. 8 at Gwinnett
Historic Courthouse, 185 West Crogan St., Lawrenceville.

Cost: $8.

Register by Saturday: 770-822-5450, gwinnettparks.com.

* The Stone Mountain-Lithonia Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority,
Inc., invites high school students to attend a free workshop on the Gates
Millennium Scholarship application process 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Nov. 8 at Rockdale
High School, 1174 Bulldog Circle, Conyers.

Registration: smlacFreeScholarshipWorkshop.eventbrite.com. gmsp.org,
smlacdst.org.

Peachtree Corners, Duluth and others on Twitter: @gwinnettnewsnow

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Gwinnett;
Gwinnett

BYLINE: Karen Huppertz, Eric Stirgus; Staff, for the AJC

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 435 words


PEACHTREE CORNERS

City unveils plans for Town Center

Peachtree Corners officials unveiled plans Monday for a mixed-use development
with retail shops, restaurants, offices and townhomes, a two-acre green space,
space for a performing arts facility and enough parking to accommodate special
events.

The Town Center is planned for 20-plus acres across from The Forum.

Public hearings will be held in November and December with construction slated
to begin in late 2015 for a grand opening in mid-2017.

KAREN HUPPERTZ FOR THE AJC

Countywide

Schools celebrate national award

Georgia's largest school district held a formal celebration for being the
co-recipient of the 2014 Broad Prize for Urban Education.

The award, given by the Eli and Edythe Broad Foundation, is given to a school
district for its efforts to close the achievement gap among low-income and
minority students. Gwinnett shared the prize with Orange County, Fla. The
foundation will award $500,000 in college scholarships to Gwinnett students
graduating in 2015. Gwinnett high school seniors interested in applying can do
so online by going to www.broadprize.org/scholarship_program/overview.html.

ERIC STIRGUS

PEACHTREE CORNERS

Swedish manufacturer expands operations

Molnlycke Health Care, a developer and manufacturer of professional healthcare,
wound care and surgical brands, headquartered in Gothenberg, Sweden, announce
the expansion of its North America region headquarter operations to 5500
Peachtree Parkway, in Peachtree Corners.

The 24,000 square foot expansion represents a nearly $1 million capital
investment and will include sales leadership, marketing, IT, finance and a
number of other back office support roles.

Information: www.molnlycke.com or www.gwinnetteconomicdevelopment.com.KAREN
HUPPERTZ FOR THE AJC

Upcoming

* Creative Community Services hosts Mall-O-Ween 5:30 to 8 p.m. Friday at
Gwinnett Place Mall, 2100 Pleasant Hill Road, Duluth.

Proceeds go to therapeutic foster care. Cost: $5. gcvb.org,
facebook.com/GwinnettPlaceMall.

* "Breakfast with the Veterans" will be 8:30 to 10 a.m. Nov. 8 at Gwinnett
Historic Courthouse, 185 West Crogan St., Lawrenceville.

Cost: $8.

Register by Saturday: 770-822-5450, gwinnettparks.com.

* The Stone Mountain-Lithonia Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority,
Inc., invites high school students to attend a free workshop on the Gates
Millennium Scholarship application process 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Nov. 8 at Rockdale
High School, 1174 Bulldog Circle, Conyers.

Registration: smlacFreeScholarshipWorkshop.eventbrite.com. gmsp.org,
smlacdst.org.

Peachtree Corners, Duluth and others on Twitter: @gwinnettnewsnow

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                      July 10, 1995, Monday, FINAL EDITION

KUDOS

BYLINE: VANSUN

SECTION: BUSINESS; KUDOS; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 546 words


Cathay Pacific has launched its 1995 Change for Good in-flight fund-raising
campaign, which runs from July 1 to October 31. Cabin attendants collect
leftover foreign coins from passengers to raise money for UNICEF. In Vancouver,
Cathay Pacific has teamed with the Vancouver Bullion and Currency Exchange,
which will also collect the coins at its three locations and contribute them to
the program.

*

The Health Care Public Relations Association presented first place Hygeia awards
to: the St. Paul's Hospital 1993-94 Centennial Annual Report (edited by Karen
Lee and designed by Trudy Urquhart, both of The KJ Lee Group); Riverview
Hospital's external publication, Connections (Francine Gaudet of Riverview,
contributing editor and Quay Strategies, producer); and the B.C.'s Children's
Hospital Foundation fund-raising publication What a Capital Idea! (Cherry Graf).
Third-place winners were: Burnaby Hospital's Vital Signs (Ellen Chesney); Sunny
Hill Health Centre for Children's 1993-94 annual report (Mary Bull); Vancouver
Hospital's Visual Identity Handbook (Deborah Morton); Penticton Regional
Hospital Medical Foundation's Forward to the Future (Frank Belden); and Fraser
Burrard Hospital Society's Announcing: New Patient Education Standards (Darlene
Small).

*

Winners of National Transportation Week awards were Donald MacKay of Empire
Shipping Agency (B.C. Transportation Person of the Year), Ken Burns of B.C. Rail
(Award of Valor) and Jack Bell of VanPool (Award of Achievement). Scholarship
awards were presented to students in transportation programs Juan Leung, Michael
Burke, Dan Urban, Cindy Lee, Alan Dobrovolny, Jack Lin and Ed Fajardo.

*

Chuck Brawner of C.O Brawner Engineering Ltd. was named a fellow of the Canadian
Academy of Engineering for his achievements and contributions to his profession.

*

The Downtown Vancouver Business Improvement Association won the first BC Gas
Best in the West award in the Special Initiative Campaign category for its Facts
on Demand program.

*

Brent Short of RE/MAX Performance Realty received the RE/MAX Hall of Fame Award
in recognition of his accumulative earnings of $ 1 million since he joined the
North Delta office in 1989.

*

Mike Barry of the B.C. Ministry of Energy, Mines and Petroleum Resources won an
Award of Merit from the Canadian Standards Association for his contributions to
the development of energy performance standards.

*

Larry Anderson of Anderson & Associates International, received the Award for
Excellence in Service to the Profession from the Institute of Certified
Management Consultants of B.C.

*

Maclean's Magazine celebrated its 90th birthday by recognizing achievers across
the country named to its Honor Roll. B.C. honorees are Rick Hansen, Jim
Pattison, Miles Richardson, Jean Coulthard, Tantoo Cardinal, Silken Laumann,
Diana Kilmury, Dr. Max Cynader, Emmie Leung, Raffi Cavoukian, Dr. Calvin Harley
and Roy Henry Vickers.

*

The Buddhist Compassion Relief Tzu-Chi Foundation of Canada has donated $ 50,000
to New Westminster's Douglas College Foundation. With matching provincial
government and college funds, the donation allows the creation of a $ 125,000
bursary fund for students in the nursing and psychiatric nursing programs.


LOAD-DATE: July 11, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: lee
CHANGING: Cathay Pacific attendants ready for cash

anderson

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                  September 19, 1998, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Golfers could score for kids

BYLINE: SASHA NAGY, CALGARY HERALD

SECTION: CITY; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 585 words


A sweet swing could pot some lucky Corporate Challenge golfers a little gold
today, in a benefit to raise money for the Rainbow Society.

More than 148 teams are registered for the golf competition at the Corporate
Challenge that will hit the links on two city courses this weekend, McCall Lake
and Maple Ridge.

Morgex Insurance is running a charity hole-in-one competition at both courses.
Participants can enter with a donation to the Rainbow Society, which grants
wishes to sick children.

The winner will receive $ 2,500, while an equal amount will be donated to
Rainbow by Morgex.

"Support for local charities is a big part of the corporate challenge," said
volunteer organizer Jeff Rutledge.

Since last Saturday, thousands of participants from Calgary's corporate sector
have spent their after-work hours sweating, running and walking in a variety of
sports in the third annual Corporate Challenge.

However, some companies have got a head start by supporting two of the event's
charitable drives. The Red Cross blood-donor drive and the big bike challenge
for the Heart and Stroke Foundation. Both events count toward companies' point
totals.

Ron Buchan, who is organizing the golf event, also ran the big bike challenge.
Employees sought pledges to ride the big bike, which seats 30 people. The event
raised more than $ 120,000 for the Heart and Stroke Foundation -- up more than $
40,000 over last year.

Thursday's Results

Darts:

The following teams will advance to the darts finals to be held September 19 at
Buckingham's Pub:

Blue Division:

1. Ruffneck Heaters

2. Shane Homes

3. Norwest Labs

4. Walter Construction

5. Oral Health Care/Heart&Stroke

6. Sheraton Business Forms

7. H&R Block

8. Sundog Printing

Green Division:

1. Ernst & Young

2. Northrock Resources

3. Office Depot

4. Fletcher Challenge

5. Forzani's Group

6. Ranger Oil

7. Boys & Girl Club

8. Precision Drilling

9. Town of Okotoks/D'Arcy

10. Calgary Airport Authority

11. CDN Hunter Exploration

White Division:

1. Crestar Energy

2. Evans Consoles

3. Delta Hudson

4. ISM

5. TransCanada Energy

6. FedEx Flyers

7. CDN Natural Resources

8. AB Justice/CCC/BRCC

9. Stanley Consulting

10. UAP/NAPA

11. Spartan Controls

Red Division:

1. TransAlta

2. AB Energy & Utilities

3. Telus Mobility

4. Scotiabank

5. CP Rail

6. DMR Consulting

7. SAIT

8. Calgary Herald

9. Calgary Co-op

10. Colt Engineering

11. Anderson Exploration

Soccer:

More than 1,200 athletes from 127 companies participated in Kicks the Soccer
Store soccer held at the Calgary Soccer Centre.

Blue Division:

1. Fitness on 5th

2. Ford Credit

3. Columbia Rehab. Centre

4. Enron Capital & Trade

5. Sheraton Bus. Forms/JDA/Bankers Hall/Sundog Printing

Green Division:

1. Ernst & Young

2. CDN Hunter Exploration

3. Northrock Resources

4. Investors Group

5. Forzani's Group/Precision Drilling/PCL Maxam/Northstar Energy

White Division:

1. CDN Natural Resources

2. Crestar Energy

3. Price Waterhouse Coopers Lybrand

4. Stanley Consulting

5. Delta Hudson/IBM/Glencoe Club/Veritas Geoservices

Red Division:

1. Calgary Co-op

2. CP Rail

3. Calgary Herald

4. Chevron Canada

5. Anderson Exp./CRHA/AB Energy & Util./Telus Mobility

For all your Corporate Challenge results, be sure to check the following
locations:

On the web at www.calgary

herald.com/challenge

Call the Calgary Herald Talkies at 243-7253 code 5500


LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 31, 2014 Monday

Commentary: State dental care nothing to smile about

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 420  words


A trip to the dentist can mean little when it's a semiannual cleaning and exam.
It can mean a lot more when it's a root canal. In either case, the important
part is going, an act taken for granted by many.

But there are Oklahomans who haven't seen a dentist in a long time. Among the 50
states, Washington, D.C., and the territories with available data, Oklahoma
ranked last for dental visits. According to the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention, only 56.7 percent of adults had been to the dentist in the past
year, compared to a national average of 68.5 percent.

Gov. Brad Henry in 2007 organized a task force to study the state's oral health
status and provide recommendations. The task force reported in 2009 that less
than 20 percent of Medicaid-covered children had seen a dentist for preventive
care in the preceding year. It also acknowledged that insurance coverage for
dental care, while lagging behind medical insurance, had risen. Despite that,
the ratio of children without dental coverage compared to those without health
coverage was 2.6 to 1.

Twenty-one states have oral health programs that share $5.9 million per year
from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to help strengthen their
efforts. Oklahoma is not among them.

Fifty-eight percent of Oklahoma's third-graders have had some kind of tooth
decay, and 22.6 percent of Oklahoma children that age have untreated tooth
decay.

It's no better for Oklahoma seniors. Among those age 65 and older, 54 percent
have lost at least six teeth to decay, and 26.8 percent have lost all their
teeth for the same reason.

Not-for-profit dental insurer Delta Dental of Oklahoma has a foundation that
provides grants to free and low-cost dental clinics and programs to help provide
care. It also engages in a lot of public awareness and award scholarships to
dental students who intend to practice in Oklahoma.

On Wednesday, Aspen Dental's MouthMobile, a 42-foot dental office on wheels,
will be in Oklahoma providing free dental care to people identified by
Neighborhood Services Organization. And on Saturday, four Oklahoma Aspen Dental
offices will offer free care to those in need who make an appointment.

Those are terrific programs, but the state needs more of those, and must heed
the recommendations of the task force. Access to care, access to insurance and
public education will lead to a healthier Oklahoma.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 25, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Bangor OKs moratorium on drug facilities

BYLINE: DAWN GAGNON OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 387 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


City councilors authorized Monday a six-month moratorium on drug treatment
facilities.

The moratorium generated no debate during a council meeting at City Hall. The
measure, which will be in effect for 180 days and can be extended for another
180 days if needed, had the support of all nine members of the council.

The moratorium would give the newly established Special Committee on Land Use
Policy Governing Medical Facilities time to review current regulations regarding
all types of medical facilities, including methadone clinics, and, if
appropriate, to implement the panel's recommendations before any new clinics
open.

The moratorium was prompted by Colonial Management Group's plan for a clinic at
Maine Square Mall, a busy retail shopping center across Hogan Road from the
Bangor Mall.

Colonial's plan caught the city off guard, largely because Acadia Hospital
already had been running a methadone program for more than three years.

The moratorium, however, would not apply to Colonial's proposal, which already
is in the pipeline and as such would be grandfathered, or exempted, from the
measure, City Solicitor Norman Heitmann said earlier this month.

In other business Monday, councilors:

.  Directed staff to begin the process of establishing a mall area development
district. The process will require a public hearing, which has yet to be
scheduled.

.  Adopted a resolve indicating the city's intent to work with Bangor YMCA to
address parking needs around its facility at the corner of Hammond and Court
streets;

.  Appropriated $15,000 for repairs needed to keep the Bangor Auditorium in
compliance with life safety codes, and $1,780 for the annual summer camp fair
and the barbecue after the citywide cleanup;

.  Accepted grants from Northeast Delta Dental Foundation for 1,600 toothbrushes
and $1,000 for educational material for the oral health program for public
school pupils in kindergarten through grade five;

.  Increased the mileage reimbursement for employees using their vehicles for
city business from 33.5 cents a mile to 40.5 cents, the current rate approved by
the Internal Revenue Service;

.  Approved a liquor license and special amusement permit for Club Gemini,
opening soon at the former home of the Spectrum nightclub at 190 Harlow St., and
a special amusement permit for the Elks Club on Odlin Road.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      November 19, 1995 Sunday 2D EDITION

Gifts will help kids, families, hungry and elderly

SECTION: D; Pg. D-06

LENGTH: 618 words


Contributions to Season to Share will help agencies such as these:

CHILDREN

Arapahoe Advocates for Children: Advocates for children in the court system

Big Sisters of Colorado Inc.: Teaches at-risk girls to increase decision-making
abilities

Children's Outreach Project: Preschool for handicapped and economically
disadvantaged

Clayton Foundation/HIPPY Program: Home-based preschool program

Colorado Christian Home: provides special education to children who have been
abused and neglected

Curtis Park Community Center: Day care/preschool for children living in homeless
shelters

Denver Youth Program - Matches at-risk youth with adults

Families First Inc.: Provides child crisis center, respite program/parenting
classes

Family and Community Education & Support Inc.: Works to prevent child abuse

Family Tree Inc.: Women in crisis shelter

Girls Inc. of Metro Denver: Provides support programs for girls ages 6 to 18

Hope for Children Providing Support (Kempe Children's Foundation): Helps prevent
child abuse and neglect through education

I Have a Dream Foundation/Boulder: Helps ensure dreamers will become
self-sufficient

Jewish Community Center of Denver: Day care for special-needs children

Latin American Research and Service Agency: Helps improve low student
achievement

Lutheran Social Services of Colorado: Provides pregnancy counseling, adoption
education

Make-A-Wish Foundation of Colorado: Grants wishes to children with terminal
illnesses

Maria Droste Services of Colorado: School-based counseling for low-income
families

Mile High Child Care Association: Child care center for low-income families

Mt. St. Vincent's Home: Helps homeless or abused children

Partners of Boulder County: Matches at-risk youth with adults

Rape Assistance & Awareness Program: Provides abuse prevention training programs

Rocky Mountain Parents as Teachers: Teaches Native Americans school-readiness
skills at home

Servicios de la Raza: Provides treatment and prevention of child abuse

Sewall Child Development Center: Serves children with emotional and
developmental problems

Shaka Franklin Foundation for Youth: YES program educates, informs and
eradicates suicide and maladaptive violent behavior

Women's Assistance Service Inc.: Provides treatment and protection to victims of
domestic violence

Voices for Children Inc.: Court-appointed special advocates to child victims

HUNGER

Colorado Health Network: Food bank for AIDS patients

COMPA Food Ministry: Provides food for area organization to serve the hungry

Metro CareRing: Provides emergency food and services

Project Angel Heart: Delivers hot meals to HIV/AIDS individuals

Share Our Strength: Enlists help of volunteer chefs to teach cooking, budgeting,
shopping and nutrition

INDIGENT

Colorado Optometric Center: Access to primary vision care for needy children

Delta Gamma Anchor Preschool for Blind Children: provides education/therapeutic
services to the visually impaired

Doctors Care: Provides health care on a sliding scale

Hear Now: Provides basic hearing aids to disadvantaged and low income people in
need

Hospice of Metro Denver Inc.: Offers grief support and education

Inner City Health Center: Provides total health care to low-income and uninsured
families

Kids in Need of Dentistry: Provides dentistry to those who are without dental
insurance

Listen Foundation: provides therapy and hearing aids to those in need

Multiple Sclerosis Foundation: Provides care and support for people with MS

Oneday: Provides day-care facility for low-income children with HIV/AIDS

ELDERLY

Volunteers of America - Basket of Joy: Provides 5,000 baskets of fruit and candy
to isolated and homebound senior citizens

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LIST

                        Copyright 1995 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright © 1995, American Health Lawyers Association,
                              Journal of Health Law

                           March, 1995 / April, 1995

                         Vol. 28, No. 2, HOSPLW Pg. 118

LENGTH: 565 words

TITLE: ANTITRUST

TEXT:

   Home Health Specialists v. Liberty Health Sys., No. 92-3413 (U.S. D. Ct. E.D.
Pa., Aug. 23, 1994) (1994 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 11947). The United States District
Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania reaffirmed that to establish an
antitrust claim under Sections 1 and 2 of the Sherman Act and Section 7 of the
Clayton Act under a rule of reason analysis, plaintiff must present evidence of
relevant geographic market and harm to competition.  The court held plaintiff
provider of home health care failed to define a geographic market for inpatient
hospital services necessary to show that defendant providers of home health care
leverged their power in the hospital market to unfairly control the downstream
market for home health care.

   Levine v. Central Fla. Med. Affiliates, 864 F. Supp. 1175 (M.D. Fla. 1994).
Plaintiff physician brought antitrust action against defendants hospitals and
alleged defendants conspired to blacklist him by suspending his privileges and
circulating a notice of his suspension in violation of Section 1 of the Sherman
Act.  Even though plaintiff may have suffered economic injury, the United States
District Court for the Middle District of Florida ruled because plaintiff
continued to compete effectively in the market after the suspension he failed to
establish an antitrust injury, and therefore, lacked standing to bring his
claim.  Morganstern v. Wilson, 29 F.3d 1291 (8th Cir. 1994). Plaintiff surgeon
brought suit for a violation of Section 2 of the Sherman Act on a theory of
monopolization by combination of individuals and corporations acting in concert.
The United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit held plaintiff failed
to establish the relevant geographic market upon which actual monopoly power
could be based and, therefore, failed to establish an inference of monopoly
power.

   Sanjuan v. American Bd. of Psychiatry, No. 94-1585 (U.S. Ct. App., 7th Cir.,
Nov. 21, 1994) (1994 U.S. App. LEXIS 32958). The United States District Court
for the Seventh Circuit found defendant certification board did not violate
antitrust laws because plaintiffs psychiatrists signed an enforceable release
containing a promise not to sue and plaintiffs failed to state antitrust injury
in seeking to demonstrate injury to producers, as opposed to consumers.

   Smilecare Dental Group v. Delta Dental Plan of California, 858 F. Supp. 1035
(C.D. Cal. 1994). Plaintiff operator of supplemental health care plan alleged
defendant primary plan took actions designed to eliminate plaintiff's plan.  The
United States District Court for the Central District of California held
defendant's actions to enforce contractual mandatory copayment provision so as
to preclude patients from obtaining supplemental insurance coverage, was not
anticompetitive conduct.

   Willamette Dental Group, P.C. v. Oregon Dental Serv. Corp., 882 P.2d 637 (Or.
App. 1994). Defendant dental PPO invoked a most favored nations clause in its
participation agreement stating participating providers could not charge
defendant rates higher than those charged to other dental benefits providers.
The Oregon Court of Appeals affirmed the grant of summary judgment in
defendant's favor holding, absent evidence suggesting a predatory impact on
competition, enforcement of a most favored nations clause does not violate
section 2 of the Sherman Act.


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

Campus news   2/6

BYLINE: Lebanon Daily News

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 808 words


University of Vermont

Two local students were named to the fall dean's list at the University of
Vermont, Burlington, Vt.

Anthony Nigrelli of Womelsdorf, is a senior microbiology major.

Elizabeth Collier of Lebanon, is a sophomore English major.Bethel University

Erin Etter, a senior at Bethel University in St. Paul, Minn., has been named to
the fall dean's list. She is the daughter of Douglas Etter of Lebanon.DeSales
University

Lebanon resident Noah L. Mabry graduated from DeSales University, Center Valley,
recently with a bachelor's degree in nursing.Alvernia University.

The following Alvernia University students were inducted into the Delta Epsilon
Sigma Catholic Honor Society in the fall.

Business administration major Terri Zurat of Pine Grove, community service and
economic leadership (master's degree) major Justin Arnt of Lebanon, and
community service and economic leadership (master's degree) major Stephanie
Speirs of Womelsdorf

Delta Epsilon Sigma is a national scholastic honor society for students, faculty
and alumni of colleges and universities with a Catholic tradition. Saint
Joseph's University

Bryan Bates of Lebanon was named to the dean's list for the fall semester at
Saint Joseph's University. Bates, son of Erin and Steve Bates, is a junior
studying biology (medical). St. Bonaventure University

Scott Gaffey has been named to the fall 2014 dean's list at St. Bonaventure
University, St. Bonaventure, N.Y. The special education major is from
Annville.Elizabethtown College

Josh Sollenberger, of Palmyra was a member of the Elizabethtown College team
representing Denmark in the fall 2014 Mid-Atlantic European Union Simulation, a
three-day role-playing exercise held in Washington D.C. to amend a proposal of
Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership between the U.S. and European
Union.

Sollenberger is a junior political science major at Elizabethtown College.Robert
Morris University

The following were named to the fall dean's list at Robert Morris University,
Moon Township: Aaron Hartman of Cleona, Brandon Kreiser of Lebanon, Andrew
Gerberich of Myerstown, Marlana Ricci of Palmyra, Amber Moser of Pine
Grove.Northampton Community College

Dominique Fantozzi of Womelsdorf was named to the fall dean's list at
Northampton Community College, Bethlehem.

Denee Krap of Lebanon graduated recently from Northampton Community College with
a specialized diploma.Alvernia University

Several local residents competed on sports teams at Alvernia University,
Reading, this fall.

A graduate of Cedar Crest High School and an accounting major, Jacob Conapitski
of Lebanon competed on the men's cross country team and men's tennis team.

A graduate of Elco High School and a social work major, McKenna Achenbach of
Lebanon competed on the volleyball team.

A graduate of Annville-Cleona High School and a psychology major, Hannah Fox of
Lebanon competed on the women's soccer team.

A graduate of Annville-Cleona High School and a healthcare science major, Alexis
Krall of Annville competed on the field hockey team.

A graduate of Conrad Weiser Area High School and a nursing major, Misty Cox of
Richland competed on the field hockey team.

A graduate of Elco High School and an athletic training major, Tyler Arnold of
Myerstown competed on the men's soccer team.

A graduate of Lower Dauphin High School and a business management major, Daniel
Minnich of Grantville competed on the men's tennis team.

A graduate of Palmyra Area High School and an athletic training major, Genna
Koser of Palmyra competed on the volleyball team.

A graduate of Northern Lebanon High School and a healthcare science major,
Taylor Smith of Jonestown competed on the women's soccer team.

A graduate of Northern Lebanon High School and an occupational therapy major,
Chelsea Wehrman of Jonestown competed on the women's soccer team.Mount St.
Mary's University

Mount St. Mary's University, Emmitsburg, Md., has announced the following local
residents were named to the fall dean's list:

Francesca Licata of Hummelstown, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Licata;
Christopher Rippeon of Palmyra, the son of Mr. and Mrs. Lauren Rippeon; and
Grace Wagler of Hershey, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Wagler.Wittenberg
University

Vivian Overholt, class of 2017 from Hummelstown, maintained at least a 3.5 grade
point average during the fall 2014 semester and earned a spot on the Wittenberg
University dean's list.Niagara University

Michael Grant Fuhrman, Palmyra, was named to the fall dean's list a Niagara
University.Widener Law

Widener University School of Law, Chester, announced the fall 2014 dean's list.
Local residents include: Rebecca Bailey of Hummelstown, Kimberly Meyer of
Lebanon, Marissa Mowery of Hershey, Shannon Pascal of Lebanon.Becker College

Sullivan Bortner of Palmyra was named to the fall dean's list at Becker College,
Worcester, Mass.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

People this Week: New hires, promotions, awards

BYLINE: CityBusiness staff reports

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1078  words


Advertising/Public Relations

Innovative Advertising LLC has promoted Lena Liller to chief operating officer
and hired Kathleen Bethay as director of corporate business development, Nicole
Wetwiski as director of digital marketing and Morgan Wampold as account leader-
political affairs.

Architecture/Construction

The McDonnel Group has hired Robin Roussel as project engineer.

Mouton Long Turner Architects has hired Matt Silvi as a project architect.

Judith Jones Moran has joined McCormack Baron Salazar Development as vice
president.

Awards

U.S. District Judge Sarah S. Vance, president of the New Orleans Chapter of the
Federal Bar Association, presented the 2016 President's Award to Phelps Dunbar
LLP partner Chris Ralston.

Laurie and John Reinagel, owners of Fish Window Cleaning Services, Inc.,
received the Navigator Award at the annual Fish Window Cleaning Convention.

Adams and Reese LLP partner Lauren Tafaro was named a finalist for the Louisiana
Association of Defense Counsel's 2016 Frank L. Maraist Award.

Banking/Financial

Home Bank announced that Erik Billet has joined the company as internal audit
director.

Company Awards/Announcements

The Committee for a Better New Orleans has received a $16,000 grant through the
Partnership Grant Program from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas and Gulf
Coast Bank & Trust.

The Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas and Whitney Bank has awarded Home by Hand,
a New Orleans nonprofit and affordable housing developer, $8,000 in Partnership
Grant Program grant funds.

QCS Logistics announced that it has been honored as among the top 5000
fastest-growing private companies in the country by Inc. magazine.

The American Lafayette's Women's & Children's Hospital has received a donation
of up to $100,000 from HCA, the parent company of Tulane Health System in New
Orleans and Lakeview Regional Medical Center in Covington.

Modern Market was named the winner of the Marketing Achievement Award given by
Gifts and Decorative Accessories magazine.

The New Orleans BioInnovation Center has been honored with a national award from
the U.S. Small Business Administration as part of the 2016 SBA Growth
Accelerator Fund Competition.

The Foundation of East Jefferson General Hospital donated $10,000 to the
Louisiana Hospital Employee Assistance Fund to assist the state's hospital
employees affected by the recent flooding.

The Louisiana Bar Foundation has awarded $5.9 million in grants statewide to
nonprofits that provide free legal aid to women, children, the elderly, people
with disabilities, the newly unemployed, those facing loss of their homes and
those in need of guidance to secure food stamps.

The Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas and member institution IBERIABANK has
presented a $12,000 Partnership Grant Program award to Puentes New Orleans and
an $8,000 PGP grant to the Urban Conservancy.

Consulting

Kazem Alikhani has joined ECM Consultants, Inc. as CEO.

Education

Xavier University of Louisiana has hired David Robinson-Morris as director of
corporate and foundation relations.

Orleans Public Education Network has hired Nahliah Webber as executive director.
She assumes the position previously held by Deirdre Johnson Burel.

Tulane Law School has appointed Pamela Metzger to the Robert A. Ainsworth
professorship in the Courts and the Federal System; Saru Matambanadzo as the
newest holder of the Moise S. Steeg Jr. professorship; Amy Gajda  to the Class
of 1937 professorship; Ann Lipton to the new Michael Fleishman professorship in
Corporate Law & Entrepreneurship; Sally Brown Richardson to the new Charles E.
Lugenbuhl Early Career professorship; Onnig Dombalagian as vice dean for
academic affairs and Stacy Seicshnaydre as associate dean for Experiential
Learning and Public Interest Programs.

Employment Agencies

Delta Personnel, Inc. has promoted Kelvin Gipson to executive vice president.

General Business

The New Orleans Business Alliance has hired Lynnette White-Colin as director of
small business ecosystem development.

Government

Mayor Mitch Landrieu has appointed Eugene Green and Jonathan Stewart to the New
Orleans City Planning Commission. Health

The New Orleans Dental Association has named Dr. Richard  Owens Sr. as 2016
president.

Paradigm Health System has hired three new physicians to the practice: Dr. John
"Chip" Davis, orthopedic spine surgeon, Dr. Christopher Sanchez, orthopedic
surgeon and Dr. Thomas "TJ" Myers, interventional pain specialist.

Ochsner Health System welcomes Dr. William Lennarz as the system chair of
pediatrics and the associate medical director of pediatrics at Ochsner Medical
Center - Jefferson Highway.

Hospitality

Matt Regan has been appointed as executive chef for the Maison Dupuy Hotel and
Bistreaux Restaurant.

Internet Marketing

Search Influence has promoted Jensen Quadros to senior account associate, Rafiq
Mandal to senior quality assurance specialist and Angie Hernandez to bilingual
internet marketing associate.

Law

Deutsch Kerrigan LLP has hired Jason Franco as a partner in the toxic tort
department.

Liskow & Lewis announced that Jack Weiss has joined the firm as of counsel.

Chehardy Sherman Williams has hired Adam Stumpf as an associate.

Nonprofit

The Advocacy Center of Louisiana has hired Kim Jones as executive director.

Real Estate

Stirling Properties Commercial Real Estate Company has hired Bradley Cook as
sales and leasing executive for its commercial brokerage division in Covington.
Additionally, senior broker associate Beth Cristina, ALC has been selected as
the 2017 commercial committee vice chair for the National Association of
Realtors. She will assume the position Jan. 1.

Property One, Inc. has hired Kirk Michel as a commercial leasing and sales agent
in the Mandeville office.

CityBusiness welcomes submissions for the "People" and "Calendar" sections. To
be considered for inclusion in a coming issue, information must be received in
the CityBusiness editorial office 10 days prior to the anticipated publication
date. Submissions, including photographs, are published subject to space
availability. Color photos submitted by email should be a head shot in jpeg
format, with measurements of 3x3 and 300dpi. Submissions may be emailed to:
Valerie Huntley at valerie.huntley@nopg.com All photo attachments and
submissions must include the subject's name.

To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here.

http://www.neworleanscitybusiness.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                  September 19, 1998, Saturday, EARLY EDITION

Golfers could score big for sick kids

BYLINE: SASHA NAGY, CALGARY HERALD

SECTION: CITY; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 589 words


A sweet swing could pot some lucky Corporate Challenge golfers a little gold
today, in a benefit to raise money for the Rainbow Society.

More than 148 teams are registered for the golf competition at the Corporate
Challenge that will hit the links on two city courses this weekend, McCall Lake
and Maple Ridge.

Morgex Insurance is running a charity hole-in-one competition at both courses.
Participants can enter with a donation to the Rainbow Society, which grants
wishes to sick children.

The winner will receive $ 2,500, while an equal amount will be donated to
Rainbow by Morgex.

"Support for local charities is a big part of the corporate challenge," said
volunteer organizer Jeff Rutledge.

Since last Saturday, thousands of participants from Calgary's corporate sector
have spent their after-work hours sweating, running and walking in a variety of
sports in the third annual Corporate Challenge.

However, some companies have got a head start by supporting two of the event's
charitable drives. The Red Cross blood-donor drive and the big bike challenge
for the Heart and Stroke Foundation. Both events count toward companies' point
totals.

Ron Buchan, who is organizing the golf event, also ran the big bike challenge.
Employees sought pledges to ride the big bike, which seats 30 people. The event
raised more than $ 120,000 for the Heart and Stroke Foundation -- up more than $
40,000 over last year.

Thursday's Results

Results for Thursday,

Darts:

The following teams will advance to the darts finals to be held September 19 at
Buckingham's Pub:

Blue Division:

1. Ruffneck Heaters

2. Shane Homes

3. Norwest Labs

4. Walter Construction

5. Oral Health Care/Heart&Stroke

6. Sheraton Business Forms

7. H&R Block

8. Sundog Printing

Green Division:

1. Ernst & Young

2. Northrock Resources

3. Office Depot

4. Fletcher Challenge

5. Forzani's Group

6. Ranger Oil

7. Boys & Girl Club

8. Precision Drilling

9. Town of Okotoks/D'Arcy

10. Calgary Airport Authority

11. CDN Hunter Exploration

White Division:

1. Crestar Energy

2. Evans Consoles

3. Delta Hudson

4. ISM

5. TransCanada Energy

6. FedEx Flyers

7. CDN Natural Resources

8. AB Justice/CCC/BRCC

9. Stanley Consulting

10. UAP/NAPA

11. Spartan Controls

Red Division:

1. TransAlta

2. AB Energy & Utilities

3. Telus Mobility

4. Scotiabank

5. CP Rail

6. DMR Consulting

7. SAIT

8. Calgary Herald

9. Calgary Co-op

10. Colt Engineering

11. Anderson Exploration

Soccer:

More than 1,200 athletes from 127 companies participated in Kicks the Soccer
Store soccer held at the Calgary Soccer Centre.

Blue Division:

1. Fitness on 5th

2. Ford Credit

3. Columbia Rehab. Centre

4. Enron Capital & Trade

5. Sheraton Bus. Forms/JDA/Bankers Hall/Sundog Printing

Green Division:

1. Ernst & Young

2. CDN Hunter Exploration

3. Northrock Resources

4. Investors Group

5. Forzani's Group/Precision Drilling/PCL Maxam/Northstar Energy

White Division:

1. CDN Natural Resources

2. Crestar Energy

3. Price Waterhouse Coopers Lybrand

4. Stanley Consulting

5. Delta Hudson/IBM/Glencoe Club/Veritas Geoservices

Red Division:

1. Calgary Co-op

2. CP Rail

3. Calgary Herald

4. Chevron Canada

5. Anderson Exp./CRHA/AB Energy & Util./Telus Mobility

For all your Corporate Challenge results, be sure to check the following

locations:

On the web at www.calgaryherald.com/challenge

Call the Calgary Herald Talkies at 243-7253 code 5500


LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Greg Fulmes, Calgary Herald / The Tartan Highlanders in
volleyball action against Investors Group on Friday.

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 1995 American Bar Association
                                   Antitrust

                                   Fall, 1995

                              10 Antitrust ABA 32

LENGTH: 3125 words

ARTICLES AND FEATURES

RECENT DEVELOPMENTS

A PRACTITIONER'S GUIDE TO STATE ANTITRUST HEALTH CARE ISSUES

by Robert M. Langer

Robert M. Langer is a partner in Wiggin & Dana, Hartford, Conn. He formerly
served as the Assistant Attorney General in charge of Antitrust and Consumer
Protection for the State of Connecticut and as Chair of the Multistate Antitrust
Task Force of the National Association of Attorneys General.

TEXT:

    [*32]  The irony of the ancient curse, "May you live in interesting times,"
is especially meaningful for health care providers. The recent rapid changes in
the health care market present antitrust practitioners with real challenges as
they help health care providers adapt to a more competitive environment. As
practitioners soon learn, the particularly local nature of many health care
initiatives often means significant involvement by state antitrust enforcers.
This involvement may manifest itself in several ways:
inquiries, investigations, or litigation by a particular state in both merger
and nonmerger health care matters;
coordinated inquiries or joint investigations or litigation by state and federal
antitrust officials in both merger and nonmerger health care matters;
the statutory duty to review health care collaboration agreements, including
mergers, acquisitions, or joint ventures under recently created state laws
enacted, at least in part, to immunize such agreements from state and/or federal
antitrust law.

   Recent developments in health care antitrust enforcement highlight the need
for practitioners to appreciate the practical implications of state involvement
in that enforcement activity.

Dual Enforcement
Because the states and the federal government now jointly investigate and
prosecute antitrust health care initiatives at unprecedented levels, it is
increasingly unlikely that a client will be able to deal only with a single
enforcement agency with respect to a particular matter.

   The recent flurry of federal/state cooperative activity has unquestionably
reached a new level in the Bingaman Antitrust Division of the Department of
Justice (DOJ). n1 Recent examples, occurring in 1994 and 1995, illustrate the
point.


n1 See, e.g., 60 Minutes with Laurel A. Price, Chair, National Association of
Attorneys General Multistate Antitrust Task Force, 63 ANTITRUST L.J. 303 (1994).

   In United States v. Delta Dental Plan of Arizona, Inc., 1995-1 Trade Cas.
(CCH) P71,048 (D. Ariz.), the DOJ and the Arizona Attorney General, in a single
complaint, alleged that enforcement of a most-favored-nation (MFN) clause by a
large prepaid dental care insurer constituted an unreasonable restraint of trade
because enforcement of the MFN clause resulted in the elimination or reduction
of discounting of dental fees in Arizona. The consent decree prohibited Delta
Dental from continuing to utilize its MFN clause.

   It is particularly significant that virtually the entire body of MFN case
law, until now, has held such clauses lawful. n2 Despite that fact, Delta Dental
has sent a strong message to the health care industry that both state and
federal government antitrust enforcement officials will be scrutinizing such
clauses closely to determine whether they violate the rule of reason.


n2 See, e.g., Ocean State Physicians Health Plan, Inc. v. Blue Cross and Blue
Shield of R.I., 883 F.2d 1101 (1st Cir. 1989), cert. denied, 494 U.S. 1027
(1990); see also Robert D. Langer & Thomas J. Witt, Enforcement by Antitrust
Division Suggests New Attitude Toward Most-Favored-Nation Clauses, 4 Health L.
Rep. (BNA) 668 (Apr. 27, 1995).

   In United States v. Morton Plant Health System, Inc., 1994-2 Trade Cas. (CCH)
P70,759 (M.D. Fla.), the DOJ and the Florida Attorney General jointly negotiated
a settlement of a hospital merger. The consent decree permits the hospitals to
partially integrate, i.e., to combine those aspects of their businesses where
there are significant economic benefits from consolidation but little danger of
competitive harm. For areas in which the hospitals are in direct competition
that the merger would eliminate, the hospitals are required to maintain their
separate identities and operations. Morton Plant is significant, as is Delta
Dental, not only for the collaboration itself, but for the conceptual creativity
demonstrated by the DOJ and the state.

   Close federal/state collaboration resulted in the DOJ and the Utah Attorney
General simultaneously entering into consent decrees regarding the sharing of
nonpublic prospective wage and salary information among hospitals in the Utah.
The DOJ pursued its matter in federal court, in United States v. Utah Society
for Healthcare Human Resources Administration, 1994-2 Trade Cas. (CCH) P70,795
(C.D. Utah). At the same time, the DOJ deferred to the wishes of the Utah
Attorney General, who settled with the University of Utah Hospital and School of
Medicine under Utah's state antitrust act.  State of Utah v. University of Utah,
1994-1 Trade Cas. (CCH) P70,550.

   There now exists a substantial like-lihood that state and federal antitrust
enforcers will jointly handle certain health care matters, n3 particularly when
the state has brought the matter to the attention of the federal enforcement
agency. In some cases, such coordination may work to the advantage of the
client, because coordinated resolution may reduce or eliminate any collateral
risk. Most important is the need for practitioners to advise clients of the
possibility of coordinated activity, including its benefits and risks, so that
unwanted surprises or unrealistic expectations regarding either the level or the
scope of antitrust exposure can be avoided.


n3 See, e.g., United States (and State of Connecticut) v. HealthCare Partners,
Inc., 69 Antitrust & Trade Reg. Rep. (BNA) 338 (Sept. 21, 1995). (D. Conn.)
(proposed consent decree filed regarding a physician hospital organization.)

   Dual enforcement has other practical implications. State attorneys general
[*33]  sometimes resolve antitrust matters differently than federal enforcers.

   In 1994 the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania resolved a matter involving the
merger of the two acute care hospitals in Lycoming County.  Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania v. Providence Health System, Inc., 1994-1 Trade Cas. (CCH) P70,603
(M.D. Pa.). n4 The Attorney General permitted the merger, despite the 100
percent market concentration, but required the new Alliance to achieve net cost
savings of at least $ 40 million within five years and to pass on most of those
savings to consumers. If the Alliance fails to do so, it must pay the $ 40
million, less verified cost savings, into a fund established by the Attorney
General to pay for lost-cost or no-cost health care services to county
residents.


n4 See also Commonwealth of Pennsylvania v. Capital Health System Servs., 69
Antitrust & Trade Reg. Rep. (BNA) 94 (July 27, 1995).

   The Pennsylvania matter identifies a method of resolution not utilized by
federal merger officials, i.e., allowing an ostensibly anticompetitive merger to
be consummated, while holding the new entity to its proferred claims of
increased efficiency. The inability of the new entity to achieve the stated
goals under the agreement will not void the transaction.

   There are many other examples in both the health care and non-health care
antitrust context of how states are willing to resolve matters differently from
their federal counterparts. It is still unclear, however, whether the heightened
level of coordination in health care will minimize the number of alternative
methods that states may use to resolve antitrust matters. For practitioners, the
key point is to inform clients early on that antitrust risk concerns not only
the fact of state involvement, but also the possibility of divergence in
approach and result.

   State involvement also brings with it different methodologies and rules. It
is critical that practitioners appreciate the need to use state analytical
models, n5 as appropriate, to present arguments relevant to state antitrust
enforcers.


n5 See, e.g., National Association of Attorneys General, Horizontal Merger
Guidelines (1993), reprinted in 4 Trade Reg. Rep. (CCH) P13,406; National
Association of Attorneys General, Vertical Restraints Guidelines (1995),
reprinted in 4 Trade Reg. Rep. (CCH) P13,400.

   The NAAG Horizontal Merger Guidelines, amended in 1993, n6 while quite
similar to the 1992 DOJ/FTC Horizontal Merger Guidelines, n7 are not congruent.
The 1993 Massachusetts Antitrust Guidelines for Mergers and Similar Transactions
Among Hospitals n8 provide an analytical model for the review of hospital
mergers.


n6 See NAAG Horizontal Merger Guidelines, supra note 5.
n7 Reprinted in 4 Trade Reg. Rep. (CCH) P13,100.
n8 Reprinted in 4 Trade Reg. Rep. (CCH) P13,450.

   At the same time, the NAAG Pre-Merger Disclosure Compact, n9 coupled with the
FTC n10 and DOJ n11 Information Sharing Protocols, provide an efficient method
for the dissemination of confidential Hart-Scott-Rodino materials to state
antitrust enforcers. n12


n9 Reprinted in 4 Trade Reg. Rep. (CCH) P13,410.
n10 Reprinted in 4 Trade Reg. Rep. (CCH) P13,212; see also 68 Antitrust & Trade
Reg. Rep. (BNA) 878 (June 29, 1995) (additional data sharing of third-party
materials and staff analytic memoranda proposed).
n11 62 Antitrust & Trade Reg. Rep. (BNA) 338 (Mar. 12, 1992).
n12 A description of the guidelines, Compact, and protocols may be found in
Richard Blumenthal et al., Antitrust Review of Mergers by State Attorneys
General: The New Cops on the Beat, 67 CONN. B.J. 1 (1993).

   It is also important to understand that confidentiality rules applicable to
document submissions and interrogatory responses may vary greatly from state to
state. For example, will a competitor or the media be able to obtain access to
proprietary information under the state's Freedom of Information Act? Can the
information be shielded from public scrutiny if it is voluntarily submitted,
rather than subpoenaed by the agency? Can the information be shared with another
state or the federal government, or both?

   In Connecticut, for example, while the Connecticut Antitrust Act provides
confidentiality to documents subpoenaed by the attorney general (Conn. Gen.
Stat. 35-42(c)), it is not certain that a voluntary submission will be protected
from public disclosure under the same provision. However, a portion of the
state's Freedom of Information Act may be invoked to protect voluntary
disclosures from public scrutiny, which is particularly helpful when the client
wishes to comply with an agency request on a confidential basis, but does not
wish to provide the information pursuant to subpoena for a variety of public
relations reasons. n13


n13 "[Commercial] or financial information given in confidence, not required by
statute." CONN. GEN. STAT. § 1-19(b)(5).

   A complicating issue is that the Connecticut Attorney General is permitted to
share information gathered under the Connecticut Antitrust Act with officials of
the federal government and the several states on a confidential basis. Conn.
Gen. Stat. § 35-42(g). One common solution has been to execute an agreement that
requires the state to notify the party at least ten days before any information
is shared with another state or with the federal government. This allows the
party the opportunity to seek a protective order from a court of competent
jurisdiction.

   Most problems in this area arise because counsel has not identified the issue
early in the process. In many circumstances, the state attorney general's office
will have dealt with the issue previously, and will have been able to answer
counsel's inquiries. While most states do not have formal advisory or business
review letter procedures akin to the FTC or DOJ, many states will, upon request,
provide informal answers to both procedural and substantive inquiries.

   The sophistication of the NAAG Multistate Antitrust Task Force has other
practical consequences. Because the Task Force has such a highly developed
network of information sharing techniques, it is safe to assume that novice
state assistant or deputy attorneys general will soon be familiar with all
elements of antitrust theory.

   One of the most important features of the Task Force is this ability to share
information. There is substantial accumulated expertise among its members. It is
a mistake to underestimate the sophistication of a particular state antitrust
official, even if he or she is relatively new to the job. The success of the
Task Force over the years has been in part attributable to the willingness of
the more experienced states to share their expertise with states that may be
unfamiliar with a particular issue.

   As a result of this information sharing, it is quite likely that by the time
a decision needs to be made, an assistant or deputy state attorney general will
be quite capable of making that decision on the merits. It is unwise to
underestimate either the ability or the knowledge of a state antitrust official.


State Immunity
The recent wave of state health care collaboration statutes creates additional
risks for the unwary. Practitioners must carefully analyze these statutes to
determine whether they actually grant immunity from the antitrust laws.

    [*34]  Approximately one-half of the states have adopted legislation that
encourages voluntary cooperative agreements among physicians, hospitals, and/or
other health care providers. n14 These statutes ostensibly are intended to
improve both the quality of, and access to health care services, while achieving
cost efficiencies in the delivery of such services. These efficiencies include
the elimination of duplicative services, facilities, or expensive medical
technology or equipment. Presumably, these efficiencies will result in lower
health care costs in the community. Each statute contemplates significant
government involvement with the intent of granting immunity for conduct that
previously has been considered potentially violative of state and/or federal
antitrust law. n15


n14 See Robert M. Langer, The Relationship Between the State Action Immunity
Doctrine and State Provider Collaboration Statutes, Antitrust in the Healthcare
Field, Address to National Health Care Lawyers Ass'n, Washington, D.C. (Feb. 16,
1995).
n15 See Sarah Vance, Immunity for State-Sanctioned Provider Collaboration After
Ticor, 62 ANTITRUST L.J. 409 (1994).

   It is not clear, however, in light of the United States Supreme Court's
decision in FTC v. Ticor Title Insurance Co., 504 U.S. 621 (1992), whether the
collaborative arrangements contemplated by many of the states will, in fact, be
immunized from the antitrust laws. After Ticor, an entity claiming state action
immunity must be able to prove that state officials actually fulfilled the
active role granted to them under the statute by undertaking the necessary steps
to review the specifics of the challenged conduct and evaluating whether it
complies with the state regulatory policy. In the absence of actual state review
of the merits of the challenged conduct, the lesson is clear -- state action
immunity will not be available. n16


n16 "Actual state involvement . . . is the precondition for immunity from
federal law." FTC v. Ticor Title Ins. Co., 504 U.S. 621, 633 (1992).

   From a practical standpoint, the Ticor decision means that the antitrust
liability of private parties will in part depend on whether state regulators,
over whom the private parties have no control, have the resources available to
them to fulfill their statutory mandate. Most significantly, Ticor, a rate
setting case, does not address a very difficult unsettled issue -- whether a
state's active supervision (within the meaning of the state action immunity
doctrine) of an approved merger or joint venture must be on a continuing or
periodic basis. n17


n17 Two pre-Ticor cases discuss the issue.  General Hospitals of Humana, Inc. v.
Baptist Medical System, Inc., 1986-1 Trade Cas. (CCH) P66,996 (E.D. Ark. 1986)
(no), State of North Carolina ex rel. Edminsten v. P.I.A. Asheville, Inc., 740
F.2d 274 (4th Cir. 1984) (en banc), cert. denied, 471 U.S. 1003 (1985) (yes);
see also PHILLIP AREEDA & HERBERT HOVENKAMP, ANTITRUST LAW P212.7 (Supp. 1995)
(suggesting, in discussing Cine 42nd Street Theater Corp. v. Nederlander Org.,
Inc., 790 F.2d 1032 (2d Cir. 1986), that continuing review of an acquisition,
for state action immunity purposes, is not warranted under the circumstances).

   Apparently in response to Ticor, many states have built into their regulatory
schemes a statutory duty for the agency to engage in a competitive review of the
merger or joint venture on a periodic basis, e.g., each year or two. The obvious
problem for the practitioner is that if the state fails actually to engage in
the statutorily mandated review and reapprove the merger or joint venture, such
failure will subject the client to an unacceptable antitrust risk years after
the transaction was first approved by the state. The risk is that the merger or
joint venture may have to be undone and the parties to the transaction may be
subject to suit for having engaged in unsupervised anticompetitive behavior. n18



n18 See Langer, supra note 14.

   The impact of the new state health care collaboration statutes on traditional
antitrust analysis is at best murky. Practitioners must be fully aware of the
inherent risks in recommending that submission to a state regulatory body will
in fact achieve the desired immunity.

Know the State Law and Procedure
The continuing vitality of state antitrust enforcement, the increasing level of
federal/state cooperation, and the differences in approach and methodology
sometimes employed by state antitrust officials present significant challenges
to health care antitrust practitioners. The particularly local nature of most
health care initiatives means, quite simply, that a thorough knowledge of state
law and procedure is an essential prerequisite to the effective representation
of health care clients.


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                       July 13, 1992, Monday, 1* EDITION

No handouts for 'fat cats'

BYLINE: VANSUN

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 974 words


I'M DEFINITELY ONE of those fat cat poor busy medics referred to by Nicole
Parton in her July 4 column "Doctors Should Look Around Them To See How Most
People Have To Live."

Thirty-eight weeks pregnant and a family physician, I've just stopped working
and am looking forward to four months of domestic bliss with my new daughter - a
true luxury. Very shortly I will be tightening my belt, but by more than a few
notches when this government finishes with me.

I see women like single mother Shelly Williams every day at work and support
them to the best of my ability. I heartily endorse Ms. Parton's arguments for
more affordable daycare.

I suppose I am the antithesis of Ms. Williams. This is a planned pregnancy,
delayed for many years until I'd found the right man and saved the money to
finance my maternity leave. (No handouts for the self-employed, remember).

I'll be good and broke come November when it's back to the grind, and it's
distressing to realize my monthly income may reduce by more than $ 1,000 because
of the NDP's budgetary restraints. I definitely didn't bargain for that when I
calculated my home budget nine months ago.

Ms. Parton says we are demanding "unlimited additional dollops from the public
trough" for our pay.

She's got it all wrong. The proposal on the task from the doctors was for no
increase to our incomes this year. We are asking that our incomes not be
reduced.

It's the overall health care budget we think needs to be increased, so that when
patients like Ms. Williams get depressed and cry in our offices we can see them
as many times as they need.

JAN FERGUSON, MD

Delta

*

Doctors may or may not be the "fat cats" that Ms. Parton refers to, but the
issue certainly has nothing to do with the lamentable plight of the 25-year-old
single mother that makes up the basis of her argument.

How does a single woman making $ 9 to $ 10 an hour expect to provide for herself
and a child?

Either she doesn't think at all, or she assumes - rightly - that society will
care for her.

An unplanned pregnancy is understandable, but the woman made a conscious choice
to bear that child knowing the difficulties she was getting into.

The welfare system may be inadequate to deal with her problems, but I wonder if
she would have made the choice to have a baby in the absence of welfare.

Instead of justifying her opinion on doctors' salaries by contrasting them with
the income of one of our most disadvantaged people - sure to raise our emotions
- Ms. Parton might have used another group, say, Vancouver Sun columnists - in a
more thoughtful and meaningful comparison. For instance, if a columnist is worth
$ 45,000 after deductions per year, how much is a doctor worth?

PETER HALL

Vancouver

*

I suggest a different comparison, between unemployed people and cabinet
ministers.

It is politicians - not physicians - who are responsible for the state of our
social welfare system. It is politicians who look out for the poor. Or is it?

B.C. is the only province in Canada where access to health care is not
universal: If you can't afford your quarterly MSP payments, the NDP government
does not provide for your medical coverage.

Every year, I treat hundreds of poor and unemployed patients whom our government
(in contravention of the Canada Health Act) has seen fit not to insure.

The value of my unpaid services, based on our current fee schedule, is between $
10,000 and $ 20,000 per annum - a greater contribution to the poor than most
people make.

I wonder how doctors will feel about continuing to provide free medical care
when the NDP has finished legislating the pay cuts inherent in their new global
health care funding scheme.

GRANT INNES, MD

Vancouver

*

I was amused to read the letter from lawyer E. Blair Lockhart (Doctors: Where's
Incentive To Cut Costs, July 8) in which he implies physicians are solely
responsible for medicare costs.

On the contrary, I would suggest that if the NDP government sincerely wishes to
seek ways of cost-cutting, a most important first step would be the introduction
of no-fault insurance.

There is no doubt many tests are requested not because of need from a clinical
viewpoint but to satisfy some rather vague legal requirement. By removing the
threat of legal harassment in frivolous situ- ations the savings would be
enough, I expect, to cover a large part of the anticipated overrun above the
allotted $ 1.27 billion.

I do not await such a Utopian outcome, however. A similar idea was suggested to
reduce the extent of legal involvement in ICBC claims but to this date has been
strenuously resisted by the legal profession.

A. JAMIESON

Vancouver

*

Several of your readers have taken up the pen in support of B.C. physicians
while others have written letters denouncing the medical profession.

One writer, a lawyer, laments his inability to "suggest a client return . . .
for a follow-up."

As a person who has in my lifetime spent in excess of two years in hospitals in
Canada and United States, and as a person who lives today because of the
dedication and professionalism of this country's surgeons, my pen supports the
medical profession.

Lawyers, especially those who become politicians are, in my opinion, part of the
problem, not the solution, to this and most other matters under discussion in
Canada today. I can live without lawyers, I cannot live without doctors.

BOB ORRICK

Richmond

*

Physicians-in-training often live within sight of the poverty line, too.

Moreover, we toil 100 hours or more for years, at minimal pay or none at all, to
gain the skills and expertise that eventually allow us to care for our patients.

Why are Canadians so willing to deride those who have excelled through hard work
and sacrifice?

DENISEE SKWAROK, MD

New Westminster


LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: David Maclean/ Vancouver Sun/ (Mother & daughter hobbling home from a
closed medical clinic)...Mommy, what's a rotating strike...It means you can only
get sick on Tuesdays and Thursdays.

               Copyright 1992 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Independent Record (Helena, Montana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 24, 2011 Wednesday

State to 'partner' with feds on exchange

BYLINE: Mike Dennison, Independent Record, Helena, Mont.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 671 words


Aug. 24--Montana can partner with the federal government to build a state
Internet health-insurance marketplace known as an "exchange" that's required by
2014, but details on how to do it are still being worked out, a top federal
health official said Tuesday.

Marguerite Salazar, regional director for the U.S. Health and Human Services
Department, also told a legislative panel that Montana can take over operation
of the exchange once the federal government gets it up and running.

"They really do want state input," she said after speaking to the Economic
Affairs Interim Committee. "That's how they're going to develop it -- by having
(states) tell us what works."

Still, Salazar, other officials and legislators at the meeting said Montana
needs to determine who will be the state's point person or agency during the
exchange development -- especially since the 2011 Legislature refused to pass
any law granting that authority to anyone.

The state-based exchange, which will offer private health-insurance policies
over the Internet to small businesses and individuals, is a key component of the
federal health-reform law passed in 2010.

The law requires exchanges to be operating in every state by January 2014.
Citizens who want federal subsidies to help pay for their health insurance must
buy the insurance on the exchange.

The federal law allows states to set up their own exchange, as long as it meets
certain standards. However, the 2011 Montana Legislature killed every attempt to
authorize a state-based exchange, as majority Republicans said they wanted
nothing to do with implementing the federal health-reform law.

Instead, the Legislature directed the Economic Affairs Interim Committee to
study the issue between now and the 2013 Legislature, and possibly draft a
proposed bill to set up an exchange.

Salazar said the 2013 Legislature will be too late for Montana to take steps to
set up its own exchange and have it operating by the end of that year, so the
federal government must develop Montana's exchange.

Amanda Cowley, acting director of the Office of Consumer Information and
Oversight within HHS, told the panel that details on the "partnership model" for
building an exchange will be fleshed out after an HHS conference with state
health and insurance officials in September, in Washington, D.C.

"We really want to make the partnership model available to the states," she
said.

Sen. Joe Balyeat, R-Bozeman, a committee member, said afterwards that the
Legislature did the right thing in rejecting any state authority for building
the exchange, because the state eventually will run the model that the feds
build, without having to develop the system on its own.

"We'll just take over the federally created exchange and modify it to meet the
needs of Montana," he said. "To me, that's just way more efficient."

Rep. Chuck Hunter, D-Helena, a committee member who sponsored one of the failed
bills to create exchange authority for the state, said Tuesday it made more
sense for the state to take the initiative and ensure it could design its own
exchange.

"There was no indication (during the Legislature) that a partnership model would
be available," he said. "From what I heard today, those things are still very
much up in the air right now. We don't know what the partnership model will even
look like."

A spokesman for a dental insurance company also told the committee Tuesday that
it's looking forward to offering its coverage on the exchange, which will make
coverage more affordable for small businesses and individuals.

Jeff Album of San Francisco, vice president of public and governmental affairs
for Delta Dental, which covers 41,000 Montanans, said lack of dental care is
"the largest epidemic of untreated disease in this state."

Delta Dental plans to be offering its coverage on health-insurance exchanges in
each of the 15 states where it operates, he said.

___ (c)2011 Independent Record (Helena, Mont.) Visit Independent Record (Helena,
Mont.) at www.helenair.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110824-HE-State-to-partner-with-feds-on-exchange-20110824

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HE


                       Copyright 2011 Independent Record


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

Abortion rights proponents see fallout from new La. law

LENGTH: 1080  words


Two things seem clear about the abortion law that Louisiana just adopted:
Whether or not it was intended to limit access to abortion services, it's likely
to do so quite dramatically. And any chance of overturning it in the courts is
extremely uncertain.Three or perhaps four of the state's five abortion clinics
likely will have to cease operating. Fewer doctors in private practice who
perform abortions may be able to continue doing so, particularly those in rural
areas. And with most of Louisiana's neighbors having passed similar laws, the
opportunity to drive across state lines for the procedure may disappear.All of
those factors will make for a grinding court battle that pro-abortion rights
advocates expect will eventually reach the Supreme Court, though getting a final
decision could take years and most of the advocates don't sound upbeat about the
odds of a ruling in their favor."I would be very nervous," said Elizabeth Nash,
state issues director at the Guttmacher Institute, a pro-abortion rights group.

"Who wouldn't be if you support abortion rights? The Supreme Court has become
much more conservative over the past 10 years, and there are members of the
court who are very outspoken against abortion."What's at stake is whether a
broad swath of the South becomes essentially a no-abortion zone, largely because
of new laws requiring that doctors who perform the procedure have admitting
privileges at a local hospital.Texas, Tennessee, Alabama and Mississippi all
have passed laws to that effect, along with North Dakota, Utah and Wisconsin.
Implementation is hung up in Alabama, Mississippi and Wisconsin by lawsuits
challenging the new restrictions on the grounds that they represent an "undue
burden" on a woman's right to an abortion.In Louisiana, the new law requires
that doctors performing abortions have "active" admitting privileges at a
hospital within 30 miles, a term that has caused some confusion.Of the five
registered abortion clinics in the state, only two already have doctors with
privileges, one in Shreveport and another in neighboring Bossier. Ellie
Schilling, a New Orleans attorney who provides legal advice for the state's
clinics, said the doctor in Shreveport just happened to have the necessary
privileges because his private practice, which provides more than just abortion
services, often involves admitting patients to the hospital.But the clinic in
Bossier, Schilling said, has only "courtesy" privileges, which are usually
extended to specialists who see patients in the hospital less often. It's
unclear whether that designation will be enough to comply with the
law.Physicians at the other clinics - the Women's Health Care Center on General
Pershing Street in New Orleans, the Causeway Medical Clinic near the Lakeside
Shopping Center in Metairie and the Delta Clinic on Colonial Drive in Baton
Rouge - don't have privileges at all and aren't hopeful about getting them,
Schilling said.A Planned Parenthood location under construction on South
Claiborne Avenue in New Orleans also would have offered abortions, but it's not
clear if it will be able to. Jewel Bush, a local spokeswoman for the group,
would say only, "We're working to provide the full range of women's reproductive
needs."For hospitals, extending admitting privileges typically amounts to a
business decision. They only allow it if a particular doctor can guarantee he
will fill a certain number of beds. Abortion doctors aren't great candidates
because they rarely admit patients to the hospital at all, especially given the
low rate of complications for abortion procedures.The politics of the issue
could make it harder still. "A lot of religiously affiliated or state-affiliated
hospitals will just refuse to grant an abortion provider privileges on the
grounds that they don't agree with the practice," Schilling said. "And those
that do often have to deal with protesters or threats, so many hospitals are
going to feel like it isn't worth the trouble."Abortions also may become less
frequent outside of registered clinics in Louisiana. Under an older version of
the law, a doctor in private practice could perform certain types of abortions
without registering as a clinic by doing fewer than five of the procedures per
month. Now the standard is five per year.Any doctor intending to do more
abortions than that would have to seek admitting privileges at a hospital within
30 miles, which may not be an option in rural areas.Doctors who already work in
hospitals could conceivably continue to perform abortions, although some
hospitals won't allow the procedure; many of them usually refer patients who
request one to the clinics.Most of the local hospitals or abortion clinics
contacted for this article were not immediately available to respond or detail
their practices, perhaps reflecting the dicey political atmosphere surrounding
the issue.Proponents of the new laws often lay emphasis on their desire to make
abortions safer for women, rather than restrict access to the procedure. At the
Legislature, state Rep. Katrina Jackson, D-Monroe, warned of women arriving at
emergency rooms after "a botched abortion, hemorrhaging - and they have to
examine her to know what's going on."Other proponents have been more explicit
about using the new laws as a tactic to restrict the practice in the first
place. In an article Thursday, the New York Times quoted Tanya Britton, a board
member for a group called Pro-Life Mississippi, as saying, "These incremental
laws are part of a greater strategy to end abortion in our country."Opponents
are more likely to see the latter motivation at work. They dismiss concerns
about safety by pointing out that fewer than 1 percent of first-trimester
abortions result in complications and that most women who do suffer a
complication should be going to the nearest hospital, not the one where her
abortion doctor happens to have privileges.In any case, the argument is likely
to move to the courts in Louisiana. It already has in other states.In March, the
U.S. 5th Circuit Court of Appeals, considered one of the most conservative
circuit courts, decided to uphold a similar Texas law. And the 5th Circuit is
where any Louisiana case will end up. So, pro-abortion rights advocates are
counting on the Supreme Court to eventually take up the issue, which is likely
to happen if another circuit court issues a contrary decision.© 2014 Legal
Monitor Worldwide. Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info).

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            March 25, 2000 Saturday

METRO;
REGIONAL BRIEFING

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 1394 words


EAGAN
Deal outlined in dispute over assisted-living facility:

State attorneys have struck a three-part deal with Alterra Healthcare Corp. that
forces the company to pay for a private monitor to ensure that its Eagan
assisted-living facility is making good on promises in its brochures.

The agreement, expected to be filed in Dakota County District Court on Monday,
also calls for Alterra to cease certain advertising and to comply with its
assertions of extra staff attention for residents, nutritious meals and
recreational activities, said Chief Minnesota Deputy Attorney General John
Stanoch.

A metro-area woman who specializes in care for people with Alzheimer's disease
will be paid by Alterra to monitor Clare Bridge, the Eagan facility, for an
as-yet-unspecified amount of time, Stanoch said. Charles Webber, an attorney
representing Alterra, said the Milwaukee-based company is "happy to have that
happen," though he would not comment further until the agreement becomes public
next week.

Minnesota Attorney General Mike Hatch filed a lawsuit against Alterra earlier
this month, alleging consumer fraud and false advertising after families of
residents in the Eagan home complained of neglect. - Hannah Allam, staff writer
MINNEAPOLIS

Colorado man pleads guilty in incident on NWA plane:

A Colorado man accused of shoving a Northwest Airlines flight attendant during a
dispute over a child's behavior has pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct.

Todd B. Powell, 38, of Frisco, Colo., had been charged with misdemeanor assault
in the Jan. 19 incident. He pleaded guilty to the lesser charge Thursday, saying
he didn't want to keep flying to Minnesota to fight the charge.

Officials said he pushed a flight attendant during a fight with a passenger on a
flight that started in New York. Powell said he shouted at a man's daughter to
"shut up" after the girl shrieked before the plane landed in Minneapolis. Powell
and the girl's father shouted at each other as passengers left the plane.
Northwest officials said Powell shoved the attendant when she got between the
men.

Powell said the shove "never happened." He said several passengers applauded
when he shouted for the girl to be quiet. Powell said the airline refused to
give him the names of other passengers who could have supported his version of
events.

Under the plea agreement, Hennepin County District Judge Richard Scherer ruled
that the charge would be dismissed in a year if Powell remained law-abiding and
stayed off Northwest flights for the year. He was ordered to pay $700 for
prosecution costs. - Associated Press
UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA

U will conditionally join sweatshop-monitoring consortium:

The University of Minnesota will conditionally join the Workers' Rights
Consortium, a new monitoring organization created by a national student group,
President Mark Yudof said late Friday.

The consortium is a group of religious, community and nonprofit organizations
that look out for sweatshop conditions where university apparel is made.

Yudof said the university must be assured that the governance structure of the
consortium provides a more substantial voice for universities; engages
manufacturers in devising solutions; and assures the appropriate use and
accounting of funds contributed to it. The university will send representation
to the consortium founding meeting April 7.

Earlier this week, students rallied at Morrill Hall to urge the university to
join the consortium rather than the Fair Labor Association, which was founded in
1997 with support from the manufacturing industry. Students at Macalester
College and the University of Wisconsin at Madison have protested against the
labor organization. - Judith Yates Borger, staff writer
St. Paul

Ex-owner charged in Housing Court posts bond:

John Frank, who was jailed Wednesday for having 10 Ramsey County Housing Court
warrants, posted $10,000 in bond Friday and was released.

An April 7 arraignment is scheduled for the St. Paul resident. A $1,000 fine
accompanies each of the warrants. Frank's charges involve maintenance problems
at his former property at 611 Dayton Ave.

Although Frank has since sold the property, he had failed to address the
warrants. He was arrested Wednesday near Bayport, when a city police officer
performing random license plate checks ran his numbers and saw his record. He
was immediately pulled over and detained.

Frank could not be reached for comment.

Frank's history with Housing Court began in 1996 when a city inspector notified
Frank that he was failing to maintain his exterior property. When he failed to
appear in court, an arrest warrant was issued on each charge. His case came to
public attention following a December investigation of house code violations by
the Pioneer Press.

Lt. Mike Morehead, director of St. Paul's code enforcement division, has spoken
with Frank several times and said Frank doesn't dispute the citations themselves
but has not addressed the problems. - ROBIN HUIRAS, STAFF WRITER
GRAND RAPIDS, Minn.

Rural children's museum receives million-dollar grant:

The Blandin Foundation has awarded a $990,000 grant to a museum to provide
active hands-on learning for children in rural northern Minnesota.

The foundation's board of trustees announced the award Friday to The Judy
Garland Children's Discovery Museum. The storefront museum in downtown Grand
Rapids was founded in 1997.

The three-year grant will be used to develop school programs, which include
interactive, hands-on programs for children and educational workshops for
teachers.

The museum will work with the Minnesota Children's Museum in St. Paul on the
pilot program serving elementary schools in Aitkin, Beltrami, Carlton, Cass,
Clearwater, Crow Wing, Hubbard, Itasca, Koochiching, and St. Louis counties.
Part of the money will be used to set up a scholarship program to encourage
participation by children from economically disadvantaged homes. - Associated
Press
St. Paul

Restaurant chain to open in Lawson Commons space:

The Chipotle Mexican Grill chain will open a restaurant this summer in the St.
Peter Street retail area of the Lawson Commons building in downtown St. Paul.

The restaurant will be open Monday through Friday, a spokeswoman for the chain's
local public relations firm said Friday. It is scheduled to open in June or
July. The Chipotle chain, which began in Denver, features Southwestern food for
take-out and on-site dining.

The restaurant will be adjacent to the Firstar Bank in the portion of the Lawson
Software building that the city is selling to a company headed by developer
David Frauenshuh. - VIRGINIA RYBIN, STAFF WRITER
GRANITE FALLS, Minn.

Settlement reached in student's alleged teacher threat:

A settlement has been reached in a juvenile court case involving an 11-year-old
girl accused of leaving a threatening note on a teacher's desk.

Judge Bruce Christopherson, who approved the agreement in Yellow Medicine County
District Court this week, issued a gag order in the case.

The girl was accused of leaving a note that prompted officials at Lakeview
Middle School in Wood Lake to close school for a day last December.

The note allegedly said the "roof will be blown."

The girl and a friend came forward to say the words in the note were from a Will
Smith song. No explosives were found. - Associated Press
MOORHEAD, Minn.

Search continues for man believed drowned in police chase:

Searchers continue to look for the body of a Barnesville man believed drowned in
the Buffalo River earlier this month.

Clay County Sheriff Larry Costello said a helicopter search of the river is done
every other day looking for the body of David M. Solum, 30. When the river warms
up, a boat will be used to sweep the river on a daily basis.

Costello said Solum ran into the river after he was pursued by a Glyndon police
officer who attempted to make a traffic stop on Solum's vehicle March 12.

Authorities found tracks showing where Solum dropped into the river but never
found signs that he came out.

Costello said at the time of the incident Solum was a suspect in a number of
burglaries in the Barnesville area. Since then, authorities have recovered
evidence linking Solum to break-ins at the Barnesville Amoco and the Barnesville
Building Center. - Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Crain's Detroit Business

                               December 22, 2008

WEEK IN REVIEW

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0022

LENGTH: 1020 Words


No compromise found on health insurance legislation

Lawmakers failed to find a compromise on health insurance legislation as voting
in their 2007-08 session ended Friday.

Bills not passed by the end of the year die and must be reintroduced once the
new Legislature convenes in January.

Blue Cross Blue Shield wants changes in state law to help prevent what it says
are mounting financial losses in the individual market. Blue Cross also wants
permission for its subsidiary, The Accident Fund, to expand into other types of
business besides workers' compensation coverage.

Pact reached on Water and Sewerage Dept.

An agreement between Detroit and Wayne, Oakland and Macomb county leaders
involving operations of the Detroit Water and Sewerage Department was put on the
record Thursday in federal court in Detroit, creating a new way for the city and
suburbs to resolve future disputes without going to court, said court-appointed
facilitator F. Thomas Lewand of Bodman L.L.P.

The agreement calls for DWSD to provide a model contract on sewerage services
for all communities that it serves in Wayne, Oakland and Macomb counties; the
creation of a process to resolve disputes; and a formal dispute resolution
process. State officials will seek $4 billion in construction funds from the
Obama administration.

Audit shows problems at Wayne County Commission

Reports of payroll problems, sloppy hiring practices and an inadequate level of
transparency were found in a Wayne County Commission payroll audit released
Thursday, but the audit was unclear about whether Commission Chairperson Jewel
Ware used county workers to staff a personal business.

ON THE MOVE

-- The board of the Detroit Public Schools fired Superintendent Connie Calloway
Monday night amid the district's budget troubles, the Associated Press reported.
Attorney Teresa Gueyser, hired by the board as acting superintendent, will hold
that job while the board searches for a replacement, the Detroit Free Press
reported. The board also voted to fire CFO Joan McCray.

-- Bill Anderson, director of the Michigan Department of History, Arts and
Libraries, is retiring at the end of the year. Current Deputy Director Mark
Hoffman will serve as interim director.

-- Lana Pollack is retiring as president of the Michigan Environmental Council
Jan. 1. Ex-state Rep. Chris Kolb, D-Ann Arbor, will take over.

OTHER NEWS

-- The Detroit Belle Isle Grand Prix is postponed for 2009 because of the
economic downturn, event chairman Roger Penske announced. The event had been
scheduled for Sept. 4-6.

-- Farmington Hills-based Gale, part of Cengage Learning, has acquired HighBeam
Research Inc., a maker of online research tools, for an undisclosed sum.

-- Chrysler L.L.C. shut down all of its manufacturing operations Friday for at
least a month, idling 46,000 workers.

-- The Doubletree Fort Shelby hotel opened in Detroit on Monday after a $90
million renovation.

-- Michigan's unemployment rate rose from 9.3 percent to 9.6 percent in
November, the Michigan Department of Labor & Economic Growth reported on
Wednesday.

-- Gov. Jennifer Granholm's office said Wednesday she isn't interested in
leaving for a job in President-elect Barack Obama's administration, the
Associated Press reported.

-- Delta Air Lines Inc. said Tuesday it will begin daily seasonal nonstop
service in June between Detroit Metropolitan Airport and Rome's Leonardo da
Vinci Airport, the AP reported.

-- Detroit Mayor Ken Cockrel Jr. said Wednesday he plans to create an Office of
Energy and Sustainability, to be managed by staff attorney Rick Bowers starting
next month.

-- Many Detroit construction projects are on hold despite $215 million approved
by Detroit voters to pay for such work, The Detroit News reported, because the
city has borrowed just a third of the money voters approved in 2004 for
construction and improvement projects. The city has spent less because of the
bureaucratic process to get work started.

-- How Wai John Hui pleaded guilty Tuesday in federal court in Detroit to fraud
charges in a scheme that included "spam" e-mail and stock market manipulation,
the U.S. Justice Department said.

-- Jim Koester, president and founder of the Taylor-based Gibraltar Trade
Center, said he is interested in new business opportunities for the center,
including the sale of the company, or a partnership.

-- The Wayne State University School of Medicine's Office of Development and
Alumni Affairs has secured a $3 million challenge grant from the Kresge
Foundation.

-- Troy-based Flagstar Bancorp Inc. announced late Wednesday that it had agreed
to sell a 70 percent stake in the company to MatlinPatterson Global Advisers
L.L.C., a New York-based private-equity firm.

-- J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. announced $780,000 in grants to Detroit nonprofits
Wednesday. Among the grants are $200,000 to Detroit Renaissance Inc. to support
its Detroit Creative Business Accelerator project and $150,000 to Goodwill
Industries for workforce development.

-- The University of Michigan could lose more than $2 billion from its endowment
-- up to 30 percent of its value -- by year's end due to the economic downturn,
the Free Press reported.

-- The Detroit Winter Blast, to be held Feb. 6-8, will have a budget of only
$250,000, less than a quarter of last year's budget, with $60,000 still to be
raised, the Free Press reported.

-- Badenoch L.L.C., a Troy-based engineering company, on Thursday obtained a
two-year defense contract worth up to $3.8 million to test ground vehicle
designs for the U.S. Army using simulation software.

-- Detroit-area auto dealers for Nissan, Infiniti and Mitsubishi brands plan to
bring in vehicles off their lots and occupy the space at the North American
International Auto Show that was originally allocated to their company's
corporate displays, Automotive News reported.


OBITUARIES

-- Robert Blackwell, ex-mayor of Highland Park and a former Wayne County
Commissioner, died Dec. 16. He was 84.

-- Kevin Kelly, former Michigan State Medical Society executive director, died
Dec. 15. He was 52.

-- Christian J. Bockhausen, Compuware Corp.'s executive vice president and CIO,
died Tuesday at his home in White Lake. He was 67.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: db


                      Copyright 2008 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 8, 2003 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

American? Who's an American?

BYLINE: Keith L. Alexander

SECTION: FINANCIAL; BUSINESS CLASS KEITH L. ALEXANDER; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 763 words


During a recent three-day trip to Paris, Janelle Beenken of Arlington avoided
American restaurants such as McDonald's and answered in German whenever locals
asked if she was from the United States.

"I pretend I don't speak English and say I'm German so I won't get harassed,"
said Beenken, who studied German in college and is a staff assistant at the
International Monetary Fund.

Computer systems engineer Margaret Flanigan of Herndon has her own coping
tactic: She no longer stores her cell phone in her briefcase in the overhead
compartment. Instead, she keeps her phone in her purse at her seat. Since the
Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist hijackings, when some passengers called family members
from their doomed flights, Flanigan wants to stay close to her phone. "In case
something were to happen, I can call my family," she said.

While many people are postponing air travel and using alternative strategies
such as conference calls or webcasting to conduct business, some frequent fliers
simply do not have the luxury. Their business depends on face-to-face meetings.
Confronted by war, terrorism, anti-Americanism and a deadly virus, these
dedicated road warriors are finding their own individual paths to peace of mind
while in the air.

Shortly after the World Health Organization warned travelers against visiting
Hong Kong, Gene Lassers of Long Beach, Calif., set off last week for the former
British colony. The health care facilitator packed a surgical mask to wear on
the flight and around town. He said he was not concerned about the trip, since
he was traveling with a physician.

International marketing consultant William Farrell of upper Northwest Washington
said he can't afford to slow down, even if travel these days is nerve-racking.
But on trips to Paris he does stay at local boutique hotels as a security
precaution rather than at U.S.-based hotel chains. "Some people have the luxury
of being able to afford to say, "I'm sorry, I can't compete for your business
now because I can't fly," Farrell said. "But when you own your own business,
you're the one who gets hurt."

Stephanie R. Grant, a real estate lawyer in Alexandria, also shies away from
things American when traveling overseas. On her next trip to London at the end
of the month, she said, she plans to fly non-U.S. airlines just to avoid any
possible risks.

"With security the way it is, I really don't expect anything to happen," Grant
said. "But it's just a simple precaution to take until all of this dies down."

For Charles Trew of Arlington, flying has lately been better than ever. With
more people staying home, he said, seats are plentiful and fares are low. His
coping tactic: He automatically removes his shoes and places his keys and loose
change in his carry-on bag to speed his way through security.

US Airways had the best customer service in the industry last year, according to
an annual airline industry survey released yesterday.

The survey, called the Airline Quality Rating, ranked Alaska Airlines second,
followed by Southwest, America West, Continental, American, Delta, United,
Northwest and American Eagle.

Two industry experts, Brent Bowen, a professor at the University of Nebraska,
and Dean Headley, a professor at Wichita State University, have produced the
rankings for 13 years. Using monthly Department of Transportation statistics,
the authors analyze the airlines' on-time performance, baggage handling,
consumer complaints and overbooking record.

Last year, the industry improved its overall customer service performance mostly
because of fewer travelers and fewer flights.

US Airways, which ranked second in 2001, came in first with the fewest combined
complaints, lost bags and late flights. All of the major airlines improved their
customer service from 2001, except Northwest.

Bowen said that US Airways' and United's customer service improved after the
carriers sought bankruptcy protection last year. The carriers' employees
realized that alienating their customers could send passengers to their
competitors, further weakening their chances of survival.

United's Hot Breakfasts and Pricier Beer: Last week United Airlines raised the
price of a beer to $ 5 from $ 4 on domestic flights in economy class. The
airline also reinstituted hot breakfast meals such as omelets or egg sandwiches.

More SARS Cancellations: Continental Airlines yesterday suspended its nonstop
flights between Newark International Airport and Hong Kong from Thursday to June
2 because fears of severe acute respiratory syndrome, a deadly lung infection,
have slashed travel demand.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          November 11, 1998, Wednesday

Bayfront physician wins state award

BYLINE: DARRELL CUTSHALL

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; GOOD FOR YOU; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 667 words



Dr. Frederic Guerrier, a Bayfront Medical Center physician, received the 1998
Florida Academy of Family Physicians Volunteer Faculty Exemplary Teacher  Award.
He also has been nominated for the same award on a national level. A  graduate
of the University of Florida, Guerrier began teaching young doctors  the same
year he completed his own residency. Now fourteen years later, he has  been
recognized as a leader in "providing quality education to students and
residents."

In 1997, the third-year Family Medicine clerkship students at the  University of
South Florida chose Guerrier as the Community Preceptor Teacher  of the year.
The recognition is given yearly by the university to a physician  the students
rate highest in teaching quality and commitment to teaching.

Guerrier, who was born in Haiti, has received numerous other awards for
outstanding community service. Among his many community activities, he is team
physician for the St. Petersburg Little Green Devils football team, providing
the youngsters with free physicals. He volunteers at the St. Petersburg Free
Clinic and has served on the board of the St. Petersburg Sickle Cell  Foundation
and as a member of the St. Petersburg Junior College Health  Services Management
Advisory Committee.

Kiwanis respond

to children in need

   The St. Petersburg Kiwanis Club donated $ 12,000 to benefit children in the
St. Petersburg area. The money was given to local organizations that applied  to
the club for grants to support their programs for abused or disadvantaged
children. Club president, Seymour A. Gordon, said, "I am very proud of the  way
this club has responded to charitable organizations in need. In some small  way
we hope we can make a difference in peoples' lives."

License Board director receives award

   Gail Robertson, Executive Director of the Pinellas County License Board for
Children's Centers and Family Day Care Homes, was presented the Barbara H.
Finck Award at the Early Childhood Association of Florida Conference 1998 in
September. Robertson was recognized for her continuing advocacy, commitment  and
leadership in early childhood issues both locally and nationally. Gail and  her
husband, Bruce, reside in St. Petersburg.

St. Pete High alumnus

receives law degree

   Patricia Beale, daughter of Paul and Olga LoVerne of St. Petersburg,
received a Law degree at Mississippi College of Law, Jackson, Miss. where she
was president of Phi Delta Phi and served instudent government. Beale is a  1987
graduate of St. Petersburg High School and a 1993 graduate of the  University of
South Florida. She passed the bar exam this summer and is  practicing law in
Biloxi, Miss.

Former resident appointed to university leadership

   Deborah H. White, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Harley of St.  Petersburg,
has been named assistant vice president for student life and  leadership in the
Division of Student Affairs at East Tennessee State  University, Johnson City,
Tenn. Before attaining her current position, White  served ETSU as director of
student activities since 1985, creating and  developing the student life and
leadership program and Volunteer ETSU. She  holds an associate's degree from St.
Petersburg Junior College and both  bachelor of arts and master of arts degrees
from the University of South  Florida. She is a candidate for a doctorate in
education at ETSU. White is  married to Blair White and is the mother of two
daughters. They live in  Johnson City.

- This column is published in the Neighborhood Times as space is available.
Entries include St. Petersburg, Pinellas Park, Gulfport, Kenneth City, South
Pasadena and the Gulf beaches. If you have good news to share, submit it to
Darrell Cutshall, Good For You, c/o St. Petersburg Times, P.O. Box 1121, St.
Petersburg, FL 33731. Please include telephone number and return address.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (4); Dr. Frederic Guerrier; Gail Robertson;
Patricia Beale; Deborah White

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                               May 4, 2014 Sunday

Health Briefs

LENGTH: 1017 words


Conference on creative arts therapy in health care at USM


GORHAM, Maine -- "Creative Health: Conference for Healthcare Professionals and
Caregivers," a one-day conference for therapists, medical professionals and
caregivers to learn about the uses of creative arts therapies in health care, 9
a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday, May 31, at Corthell Concert Hall, University of Southern
Maine, Gorham Campus. Presented by the University of Southern Maine School of
Music. Organized by Kate Beever, M.A. MT-BC.


Registration is $35 for professionals, caregivers and general public; $25 for
students. Lunch and afternoon snack included. To register, call USM Music Box
Office at 780-5555 or visit usm.maine.edu/music/boxoffice. For information,
visit
usm.maine.edu/music/creative-health-conference-heathcare-professionals-and-careg
ivers.Showing of Alzheimer's documentary 'Genius of Marian' in Caribou


CARIBOU, Maine -- Cary Medical Center will present the documentary film "The
Genius of Marian" as a special 90th Anniversary and National Hospital Week
event, 6:30 p.m. Tuesday, May 13, in the Chan Center. Free and open to the
public.


The documentary touches on the heartbreak of Alzheimer's disease, the power of
art and the meaning of family.


The film has been selected for 23 national and international film festivals and
has won numerous awards, including the Heartland Film Festival Documentary
Feature Award, Audience Award Documentary Feature Wood Hole Film Festival,
Camden International Film Festival Best Documentary and the Washington West Film
Festival Best Feature Documentary.


Seating in the Chan Center is limited, and people are asked to pre-register by
calling the office of Community Relations at Cary Medical Center at 498-1112.
For informatiom, visit carymedicalcenter.org/marian. Seaport Community Health
Center expands hours


BELFAST, Maine -- Seaport Community Health Center, 41 Wight St., has expanded
its regular office hours to 7 a.m.-8 p.m. Monday-Friday and 8 a.m.-1 p.m.
Saturday. There also is an after-hours call system providing patient access by
phone all year. For inquiries, or to become a patient of Seaport CHC, call
338-6900.


Formerly known as Seaport Family Practice, Seaport Community Health Center
changed its name last July after joining Penobscot Community Health Care and
became a federally qualified health center. This new status allows Seaport
Community Health Center to offer a generous sliding scale to qualified patients
without insurance. All insurances are welcome, including Medicare and MaineCare.
There is a small additional charge for appointments after 5 p.m. and on
Saturdays, which is most often covered by health insurance.


The staff of Seaport Community Health Center recently was joined by Dr. Peter
Millard, family physician, Cheryl Deane, PA-C, physician assistant, and Dr.
Carol Browning, consulting psychiatrist. The expanded coverage allows Seaport
Community Health Center to offer same-day access for patients with acute/urgent
medical problems. Stephanie Taylor, pediatric nurse practitioner, offers
appointments after school for pediatric primary care.


Seaport Community Health Center is staffed by seven experienced physicians,
psychiatrist, pediatric nurse practitioner, physician assistant, two licensed
clinical social workers, RN care manager and RN triage nurse. Integrated health
care is offered for the whole family. Services include newborn, pediatric, adult
and geriatric care; prenatal care and deliveries; women's health and family
planning; osteopathic manipulative therapy; nursing home and home visits;
individual, couples and group behavioral therapy; minor procedures; addiction
care and Integrative Medicine.Maine Dental Association launches pilot program


AUGUSTA, Maine -- Delta Dental Plan of Maine was awarded the Maine Dental
Association grant in January to support the creation of a pilot project aimed at
increasing access to oral health services for Maine's underserved children.


In implementing the pilot project, the Maine Dental Association recently hired a
dental care coordinator to work collaboratively with the Office of MaineCare
Services to identify MaineCare eligible children in need of oral health services
and to establish the children as patients in dental practices and clinics across
the state.


"We know that prevention is the key to ending dental disease. We know, too, that
good habits -- brushing, flossing, a healthy diet and visiting a dentist -- must
begin at an early age. Our goal is to help parents and caregivers access the
dental care that is available to their children," Maine Dental Association
President Demi Kouzounas said in a recent press release.


Modeled after the American Dental Association's Community Dental Health
Coordinator and Portland's Oral Health Program, the dental care coordinator will
serve as a liaison between children eligible for MaineCare and those who are
uninsured, their families and the dental community.


In Portland, MaineCare eligible children are referred to local dentists and
clinics; children in need who do not have insurance or the means to pay for care
are referred to the Bright Smiles Clinic.


According to Maine Dental Association Executive Director Cindy Sullivan,
dentists spearheading the initiative will ensure placement of children in dental
homes and help to facilitate referrals to pediatric dentists and other
specialists for children with the most critical needs.


"The department supports programs seeking to improve access to oral health care
and increase awareness of oral health as an important component of overall
health. Education, outreach and follow-up are critical to reducing the numbers
of children in our state who are not receiving dental care, and we're delighted
to be part of this pilot," Stephanie Nadeau, director, Office of MaineCare
Services, said in the press release.


A similar collaborative arrangement is underway with Head Start programs
throughout Maine. Because of the efforts of Maine Dental Association staff,
volunteer dentists and Head Start personnel, more than 200 children enrolled in
Head Start have a dentist they can see for care.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                               May 4, 2014 Sunday

Health Briefs

LENGTH: 1017 words


Conference on creative arts therapy in health care at USM


GORHAM, Maine -- "Creative Health: Conference for Healthcare Professionals and
Caregivers," a one-day conference for therapists, medical professionals and
caregivers to learn about the uses of creative arts therapies in health care, 9
a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday, May 31, at Corthell Concert Hall, University of Southern
Maine, Gorham Campus. Presented by the University of Southern Maine School of
Music. Organized by Kate Beever, M.A. MT-BC.


Registration is $35 for professionals, caregivers and general public; $25 for
students. Lunch and afternoon snack included. To register, call USM Music Box
Office at 780-5555 or visit usm.maine.edu/music/boxoffice. For information,
visit
usm.maine.edu/music/creative-health-conference-heathcare-professionals-and-careg
ivers.Showing of Alzheimer's documentary 'Genius of Marian' in Caribou


CARIBOU, Maine -- Cary Medical Center will present the documentary film "The
Genius of Marian" as a special 90th Anniversary and National Hospital Week
event, 6:30 p.m. Tuesday, May 13, in the Chan Center. Free and open to the
public.


The documentary touches on the heartbreak of Alzheimer's disease, the power of
art and the meaning of family.


The film has been selected for 23 national and international film festivals and
has won numerous awards, including the Heartland Film Festival Documentary
Feature Award, Audience Award Documentary Feature Wood Hole Film Festival,
Camden International Film Festival Best Documentary and the Washington West Film
Festival Best Feature Documentary.


Seating in the Chan Center is limited, and people are asked to pre-register by
calling the office of Community Relations at Cary Medical Center at 498-1112.
For informatiom, visit carymedicalcenter.org/marian. Seaport Community Health
Center expands hours


BELFAST, Maine -- Seaport Community Health Center, 41 Wight St., has expanded
its regular office hours to 7 a.m.-8 p.m. Monday-Friday and 8 a.m.-1 p.m.
Saturday. There also is an after-hours call system providing patient access by
phone all year. For inquiries, or to become a patient of Seaport CHC, call
338-6900.


Formerly known as Seaport Family Practice, Seaport Community Health Center
changed its name last July after joining Penobscot Community Health Care and
became a federally qualified health center. This new status allows Seaport
Community Health Center to offer a generous sliding scale to qualified patients
without insurance. All insurances are welcome, including Medicare and MaineCare.
There is a small additional charge for appointments after 5 p.m. and on
Saturdays, which is most often covered by health insurance.


The staff of Seaport Community Health Center recently was joined by Dr. Peter
Millard, family physician, Cheryl Deane, PA-C, physician assistant, and Dr.
Carol Browning, consulting psychiatrist. The expanded coverage allows Seaport
Community Health Center to offer same-day access for patients with acute/urgent
medical problems. Stephanie Taylor, pediatric nurse practitioner, offers
appointments after school for pediatric primary care.


Seaport Community Health Center is staffed by seven experienced physicians,
psychiatrist, pediatric nurse practitioner, physician assistant, two licensed
clinical social workers, RN care manager and RN triage nurse. Integrated health
care is offered for the whole family. Services include newborn, pediatric, adult
and geriatric care; prenatal care and deliveries; women's health and family
planning; osteopathic manipulative therapy; nursing home and home visits;
individual, couples and group behavioral therapy; minor procedures; addiction
care and Integrative Medicine.Maine Dental Association launches pilot program


AUGUSTA, Maine -- Delta Dental Plan of Maine was awarded the Maine Dental
Association grant in January to support the creation of a pilot project aimed at
increasing access to oral health services for Maine's underserved children.


In implementing the pilot project, the Maine Dental Association recently hired a
dental care coordinator to work collaboratively with the Office of MaineCare
Services to identify MaineCare eligible children in need of oral health services
and to establish the children as patients in dental practices and clinics across
the state.


"We know that prevention is the key to ending dental disease. We know, too, that
good habits -- brushing, flossing, a healthy diet and visiting a dentist -- must
begin at an early age. Our goal is to help parents and caregivers access the
dental care that is available to their children," Maine Dental Association
President Demi Kouzounas said in a recent press release.


Modeled after the American Dental Association's Community Dental Health
Coordinator and Portland's Oral Health Program, the dental care coordinator will
serve as a liaison between children eligible for MaineCare and those who are
uninsured, their families and the dental community.


In Portland, MaineCare eligible children are referred to local dentists and
clinics; children in need who do not have insurance or the means to pay for care
are referred to the Bright Smiles Clinic.


According to Maine Dental Association Executive Director Cindy Sullivan,
dentists spearheading the initiative will ensure placement of children in dental
homes and help to facilitate referrals to pediatric dentists and other
specialists for children with the most critical needs.


"The department supports programs seeking to improve access to oral health care
and increase awareness of oral health as an important component of overall
health. Education, outreach and follow-up are critical to reducing the numbers
of children in our state who are not receiving dental care, and we're delighted
to be part of this pilot," Stephanie Nadeau, director, Office of MaineCare
Services, said in the press release.


A similar collaborative arrangement is underway with Head Start programs
throughout Maine. Because of the efforts of Maine Dental Association staff,
volunteer dentists and Head Start personnel, more than 200 children enrolled in
Head Start have a dentist they can see for care.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            October 17, 2014 Friday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Business Bulletin Board

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 449 words


AWARDS The St. Louis Development Corp. and the St. Louis mayor's office gave the
city's annual Businesses of the Year awards to Stifel, Fields Food/St.

Louis Food Hub, BAM Contracting, Scales Plumbing and Cross-Rhodes Reprographic.
Rob Goren, Delta Dental of Missouri's senior vice president of business
development, received the 2014 Don Mayes Leadership Award from the National
Association of Dental Plans for exemplary volunteer service and leadership.
EXPANDING St. Louis-based Link Auction Galleries added a Fine Musical
Instruments Department. GETTING BETTER Stern Brothers & Co. received national
certification as a Women's Business Enterprise by the Women's Business
Enterprise National Council. HELPING OUT ConAgra Foods Foundation gave a $12,500
grant to Gateway Greening for garden supplies for local youth gardens. Local
stores of Rick's Ace Hardware donated more than $7,000 this year for St. Louis
Children's Hospital and Cardinal Glennon Children's Medical Center. First
National Bank of St. Louis donated a total of $5,000 to North County Inc. and
the Reinvest North County Fund. St. Louis-based PGAV Destinations and Ohio-based
Center of Science and Industry formed a partnership called COSI+PGAV Global to
advance science education in developing countries. MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS
Scheffel Boyle and Allison Knapp & Siekmann merged their accounting and
financial services businesses, forming a company with 10 area offices and about
100 employees. NEW BUSINESS Enterprise Financial CDE LLC, a subsidiary of
Enterprise Financial Services Corp., provided $5.3 million in New Markets Tax
Credits financing for Willert Home Products. ON THE WEB St. Louis County-based
civil engineering company Glasper Professional Services Inc. launched an
upgraded website at glasperps.com. OPENING Cadence Technology Services opened a
telecommunications technology business: o 9909 Manchester Road Suite 307 Warson
Woods, Mo. 63122 844-223-3623 Cori Manor Healthcare & Rehabilitation Center
reopened a renovated care facility: o 560 Corisande Hills Road Fenton, Mo. 63026
636-343-2282 MERS Goodwill opened another retail store: o 1210 Highway K
O'Fallon, Mo. 63366 314-241-3464 RECOGNITION St. Louis-based Arcturis
architecture and design company was ranked No. 43 on Interior Design Magazine's
2014 Rising Giants List as among the nation's largest interior design firms in
terms of billing. The League of American Bicyclists recognized Microgrid Energy
with a Silver Bicycle Friendly Business award for encouraging bicycling among
the company's employees. Enterprise Rent-A-Car was named the 2014 Most Admired
Car Rental Company in a survey of readers of The Beat, a travel business
newsletter.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 20, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

NATIONAL BRIEFING

SECTION: Financial; D02

LENGTH: 480 words


APPOINTMENTS

Former Treasury secretary John W. Snow was named chairman of private investment
firm Cerberus Capital Management.

Snow, 67, who left the Cabinet in June, was previously chief executive of CSX,
the third-largest U.S. railroad.

Lawrence H. Summers, who was Treasury secretary from 1999 to 2001, was named a
part-time managing partner at hedge fund manager D.E. Shaw. He resigned as
president of Harvard University in June.

AIRLINES

A federal bankruptcy judge approved a plan by Delta Air Lines to cut $50 million
a year in health-care benefits for about 42,000 retirees, spouses and survivors.

The country's third-largest carrier, which is operating under Chapter 11
bankruptcy protection, reached agreements with representatives of retired
pilots, ground-crew workers and flight attendants. The cuts would be effective
Jan. 1.

STOCK OPTIONS

Rambus said it incorrectly dated stock options and estimated that it will have
charges of more than $200 million in connection with the grants.

Rambus, which designs computer memory chips, said that it plans to restate
earnings as far back as 2003 and that it won't file its third-quarter report by
the Nov. 9 deadline.

New York Times Co. said third-quarter profit fell 39 percent compared with the
corresponding period a year earlier, to $14 million. Revenue fell 2 percent, to
$739.6 million. Ad revenue was down 4 percent; sales at the company's New
England unit, which includes the Boston Globe, fell 12 percent.

Tribune, publisher of the Los Angeles Times, Newsday, the Chicago Tribune and
other newspapers, said third-quarter profit rose to $162.2 million, from $21.9
million. Revenue fell 3 percent, to $1.35 billion. The results included a
one-time gain of $48 million from transactions concerning partnerships with the
Chandler family, its largest shareholder.

Citigroup said third-quarter profit fell 23 percent, to $5.51 billion. Revenue
fell slightly, to $21.41 billion. A year ago, Citigroup earnings included a gain
from the sale of its life insurance unit.

Pfizer said third-quarter profit more than doubled, to $3.4 billion from $1.6
billion. Revenue rose 9 percent, to $12.2 billion.

UnitedHealth Group said third-quarter profit rose 38 percent, to $1.1 billion.
Sales rose 55 percent, to $18 billion.

United Parcel Service said third-quarter profit rose 8.9 percent, to $1.04
billion. Revenue rose 11 percent, to $11.66 billion.

Southwest Airlines said its third-quarter profit fell 77 percent, to $48
million, the steepest drop since 2002. Revenue rose 18 percent, to $2.34
billion.

Coca-Cola said its third-quarter profit rose 14 percent, to $1.46 billion. Sales
rose 6.9 percent, to $6.45 billion.

Bank of America said third-quarter profit was $5.42 billion, up 41 percent.
Revenue rose 32 percent, to $19 billion.

Compiled from reports by the Associated Press and Bloomberg News.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                                 March 7, 2011

Going places

SECTION: Pg. 13 Vol. 32

LENGTH: 534  words


JOB CHANGES

CONSTRUCTION

THE RUHLIN CO.: Chuck Gillombardo to project engineer.

EDUCATION

NORTHEASTERN OHIO UNIVERSITIES COLLEGES OF MEDICINE AND PHARMACY: Dr. Anthony
Costa to associate dean of community partnerships, College of Medicine; Richard
Kasmer to associate dean of academic affairs and Cornelis J. Van der Schyf to
associate dean for research and graduate studies, College of Pharmacy.

FINANCE

LORAIN NATIONAL BANK: Jerry McCalmont to vice president, commercial banking.

FINANCIAL SERVICE

RETIREMENT SOLUTIONS: Kristine Charkosky to senior administrative assistant.

VICTORY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT: David Brown and Christopher Ohmacht to co-chief
executive officers.

HEALTH CARE

PHYSICIANS FIRST/GALLUCCI CHIROPRACTIC CLINIC: Matthew A. Woodworth to medical
staff.

INSURANCE

MCMANAMON INSURANCE: Julie Yurchenko to account manager, property and casualty;
Cathy Gilchrist to account manager, employee benefits.

LEGAL

MANSOUR, GAVIN, GERLACK & MANOS CO. LPA: Ann E. Knuth to associate.

MEYERS, ROMAN, FRIEDBERG & LEWIS: Brittney L. Nascone to associate.

SINGERMAN, MILLS, DESBERG & KAUNTZ CO. LPA: Ronald J. Teplitzky to principal;
Matthew E. Parkins to associate.

SUTTER, O'CONNELL & FARCHIONE: Leslie M. Jenny to shareholder; Theresa M.
Bratton to associate.

WALTER & HAVERFIELD LLP: Nick R. Catanzarite to partner.

WESTON HURD LLP: Nancy A. Noall and Michael J. Spisak to partners.

MANUFACTURING

VENTURE LIGHTING INTERNATIONAL: Paul Johnson to director, strategic marketing
and business development.

NONPROFIT

ACHIEVEMENT CENTERS FOR CHILDREN: Donald Bernardo to manager of grants and
annual giving.

CATHOLIC CHARITIES HEALTH & HUMAN SERVICES: Patrick Gareau to secretary.

CLEVELAND METROPARKS ZOO: Andi Kornak to curator of carnivores and large
mammals.

GREAT LAKES SCIENCE CENTER: Whitney Owens to vice president, education.

ONECOMMUNITY: Leonard Vega to vice president, operations; Scott Tennant to vice
president, marketing and communications.

URBAN LEAGUE OF GREATER CLEVELAND: Marsha A. Mockabee to president, CEO.

REAL ESTATE

NORTH UNION LLC: Joe Prcela to vice president, operations.

SERVICE

AUDIO VIDEO INTERIORS & SAFETY TECHNOLOGIES: Kevin Kramer to purchasing agent.

ENTRYPOINT CONSULTING LLC: Keith Klesh to director of marketing.

INDUSTRIAL VIDEO: Timothy Czyzak to president.

KELLY SERVICES INC.: Diana Comstock to partnered staffing manager; Jessica Webb
to branch manager, Stow; Melanie Monagon and Shannon Bartlett to staffing
supervisors.

M COY GROUP LLC: Gabriela Edwards to project coordinator.

TECHNOLOGY

BLUEBRIDGE NETWORKS: Petar Bejovic to director of operations; Jason Munsell and
Rick Rohlke to sales executives.

THE KARCHER GROUP: R.J. Fryan to search engine optimization specialist.

BOARDS

BENJAMIN ROSE INSTITUTE ON AGING: Kathryn L. Kaesberg (Organizing 4U LLC) to
chairperson; Nancy A. Adams to vice chairperson; Emily A. Drake to past
chairperson; Amy Scott Gilchrist to treasurer; Marcia J. Wexberg to secretary.

BALDWIN-WALLACE COLLEGE: Paul H. Carleton (Carleton McKenna & Co. LLC) to chair.

PHI DELTA THETA CLEVELAND AREA ALUMNI CHAPTER: Justin J. Scheeff (The Bucci
Group at Morgan Stanley Smith Barney) to chairman; Joseph Borowski to vice
president.

Send information for Going Places to dhillyer@crain.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CL


                      Copyright 2011 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               September 18, 2014

Lifeline for Private Health Care Practitioners [analysis]

BYLINE: Rebecca Ejiforma

LENGTH: 2473 words


Health financing systems are critical for reaching universal health coverage,
but for many years, achieving successful health care financing system has been a
challenge in Nigeria.

writes that with innovative funding being provided by Diamond Bank to support
the private health care sector which takes care of 60 per cent of the country's
health care delivery, there may be light at the end of the tunnel

The deplorable health care situation in Nigeria has left many with the option of
seeking treatment in overseas countries, having lost hope in the health care
delivery of the country. The decision to go abroad is predicated on the
conviction that, hospitals in the choice country are better equipped for
accurate diagnosis and treatments.

In terms of manpower, Nigerian doctors are not pushovers, as they rank
shoulder-to-shoulder with their counterparts in those countries.

Record has it that, Nigerian trained doctors are in large numbers practicing in
most hospitals abroad, where they continue to give good accounts of themselves.

The decision to go abroad for practice is to have exposure to desired modern
medical equipment, which are lacking in Nigerian hospitals. Apart from the
public hospitals that can boast of some of such equipment, only a handful of
private hospitals have some of the necessary modern equipment.

In the last 15 years, there has been growth of private sector health care
organisations and 60 per cent of the country's health services are provided by
the private sector, making it a key entry point.

Indeed, the role being played by the private sector in health care delivery has
created the need for standard and best practice. Therefore to challenge medical
tourism, private sector players need to improve on standard. On the current
state of health care in Nigeria, a country with 170 million populations, a 2.8
per cent growth rate in the health sector is far from achieving the Millennium
Development Goals (MDGs).

Nigeria has one of the highest maternal mortality ratio, estimated at 545
maternal deaths per 100, 000 live births, while under five mortality rate is 157
per 100, 000 live births.

In 2012, Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) prevalence rate among adults (18-49
years) is 3.1 per cent, as the country has second largest number of people
living with HIV/AIDS in Africa, while 47 per cent of health facilities are not
regulatory radars.

In 2013, 18 000 Nigerians travelled to India for medical purposes and are
reported to have spent N14.6 billion. Nigeria Ministry of Health spends about 70
per cent of its budget in urban areas where 30 per cent of the population
resides.

A Consultant Pediatrician and General Practitioner, Dr. Ngozi Onyia has noted
that improvement in standards require significant capital investment stressing
that, the health care sector lacks access to capital , as only nine per cent are
taking loans.

She gave reasons why health care providers do not have access to capital in form
of loans and grants.

According to her, most health care organisations do not operate in the same
environment as any other businesses; most of them operate as family outfit
without having account department or being subjected to auditing.

She said they need to be profitable to repay loans extended by financial
institutions, stressing that banks as lenders to health care organizations are
also taking risks with depositors' funds, hence the need to reduce the risk
involved.

And to break the barriers in access to finance by private health care
organisations Diamond bank plc, a leading retail bank in Nigeria has launched a
new product, 'Diamond MediLoanQualityCare', designed to provide loan facilities
for improved health care delivery in the country. It is a partnership with
SafeCare, a medical advisory and standards organisation.

The product, recently launched in Lagos, will afford operators of hospitals,
clinics, nursing homes, laboratories, diagnostic centre and other medical
establishments the opportunity to access loan facility from the bank to acquire
medical equipment, fixed assets and to undertake the renovation and expansion of
existing facilities in order to deliver efficient and qualitative service to
their clients.

The product has four different tiers of financing, ranging from N200, 000 to N56
million.

Speaking at the launch, Deputy Managing Director, Diamond Bank Plc, Mr. Uzoma
Dozie noted that the bank took keen interest in the health sector due to the
strategic importance that good health plays in the overall well-being of man.

He said: "For any nation to develop, three things are very critical and
important; education, health and food. Citizens, particularly the workforce must
be educated, healthy and well-fed. If the workforce lacks any of the three, they
can't be competitive and if they are not, the country can't develop. That's the
reason we are addressing the problem of financing in the health sector. Through
this newly launched product, health practitioners would have access to finance
to purchase necessary equipment so they could provide affordable and qualitative
services."

Speaking further, Dozie noted that the country loses millions of dollars
annually to foreign countries with better health care facilities through medical
tourism. He argued that this unwholesome trend would be addressed with the new
product.

"Health statistics has revealed that Nigeria has estimated 545 maternal deaths
per 100,000 births and over 18,000 Nigerians traveled to India in 2013 for
medical purposes and spent over N41.6billion naira. When hospitals in Nigeria
have the necessary medical equipment, patients won't have the need to travel
abroad to seek for medical treatment and in the process lose a lot of money.
This new facility will help in this regard and make the services affordable," he
said.

Speaking on behalf of the partnering organisation, SafeCare, Mr. Uzodinma Ken
Osisiogu, said his organisation would serve as the quality control partner for
the programme, adding that SafeCare would ensure both the technical and business
competence of applicants before recommending them for the loan.

He said: "The application process would be thorough so that only competent ones
would access the loan. The technical aspect is vital as well as the financials.
We will look at their record keeping processes also. After securing the loan, we
would ensure compliance with terms and insist in delivering the promised quality
of service because that is the basis of the loan."

"Providing quality health care is no longer an option. It is the way to go. It
confers a competitive advantage on the provider," he added.

This facility, which is available in Lagos currently, will be extended to other
cities namely Ibadan, Enugu, Awka, Owerri and Umuahia soon.

And since good health is essential to human welfare and to sustained economic
and social development, the World Health Organization (WHO) is supporting
countries in developing of health financing systems that can bring them closer
to universal coverage.

Senator Calls for Accelerated Health Insurance Scheme The Chairman, Senate
Committee on Health, Dr. Ifeanyi Okowa, has urged the federal government to
speed up the implementation of the Universal Health Insurance Scheme for all
Nigerians. Speaking at the launch of Ambubikes Ambulance Services by Starlight
Hopes Initiative at the weekend in Oghara, Delta State, Okowa regretted that the
insurance scheme, which was introduced in 2004, was moving at a slow pace.

He pointed out that Ghana, which began its insurance scheme after Nigeria, had
since achieved universal health coverage for its citizens. "If we are committed
to the health insurance scheme, every Nigerian should be covered by a health
plan in the next few years," he asserted. "Ghana has succeeded in achieving
this. There is no reason why Nigeria cannot do the same." According to him, the
insurance scheme is one of the ways of redressing the poverty situation in the
country as many people across the country still cannot afford to pay for primary
health care services. "Many people," he said "are still living below the poverty
line. Attending to that segment of the population should be our greatest
priority as a nation."

The senator lauded the efforts of S.H.I, a non-governmental organisation, to
"rekindle hope" for the masses through the provision of free health services and
pre-hospital care for the people of Delta State. Describing the scheme as
"worthwhile" and "well thought out" the Senate Committee Chairman was of the
opinion that if many Nigerians would complement the efforts of government by
offering similar services to their communities, "lives will be better for our
people. The lives of every Nigerian who would be travelling on the roads that
these ambulances would cover are now protected."

In her welcome address, the founder and president of S.H.I, Miss Atake Ibori,
said her organisation had been providing free health care and clinic since
December 2012 "to complement the efforts of the government in primary health
care delivery." Ms. Ibori stated that the organisation, comprising mainly
doctors, nurses, paramedics, community health ambassadors, and students, are
"passionate young people who believe that for change to happen, we have to
ignite it.

"Our aim is to advocate for young people to help in building and developing
their communities," she declared. She added: "I believe that when people come
together to make a difference and add value, you have better communities, a
better state, and a better society. People often talk about the development in
Europe and America. But I know that it took people like us getting involved. It
takes more than a government to build a nation or community. It takes
everybody." In her remarks, the founder of Flying Doctors Nigeria, Dr. Ola
Orekunrin, described the free ambulance services of S.H.I as "revolutionary and
complements what is already on ground."

UN Holds Emergency Meeting on Ebola The United Nations Security Council will
today hold an emergency meeting to discuss the Ebola outbreak that has gripped
West Africa, the president of the 15-member body has announced. The outbreak,
affecting Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria and Sierra Leone, is unprecedented in scope -
with more than 4,000 cases having been reported across the region and over 2,200
deaths. It has also dealt a major blow to the already fragile health care
systems in West Africa.

So far, Nigeria has been able to curtail the spread of the virus and done quite
well in responding to the outbreak compared to other countries where there is
current outbreak. "The trend lines in this crisis are grave and without
immediate international action we are facing the potential for a public health
crisis that could claim lives on a scale far greater than current estimates and
set the countries of West Africa back a generation," Ambassador Samantha Power
of the United States, which holds the Council's presidency for September, told
reporters at UN Headquarters.

The meeting - requested by the US owing to the "increasingly grim situation,"
particularly in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea - is expected to hear from
Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, as well as senior UN officials dealing with the
Ebola crisis. "At this moment, it is crucial that council members discuss the
status of the epidemic, confer on a coordinated international response and begin
the process of marshalling our collective resources to stop the spread of the
disease," stated Ms. Power.

"This is a perilous crisis but one that we can contain if the international
community comes together to meet it head on," she added. "This outbreak is
controllable; Ebola is treatable; and victims can survive. Anything short of our
full collective commitment could have grave and destabilizing public health,
humanitarian, economic, and security consequences which could reach far beyond
the borders of Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea." Groups Partner to Treat 100
Breast Cancer Patients Rebecca Ejifoma The Vedic Lifecare Hospital, Lekki and
Genevieve Pink Ball foundation are collaborating to provide treatment to not
less than 100 breast cancer patients in Lagos.

The programme which commenced at the weekend according to the organiser is part
of the preparation for the annual breast cancer awareness month that is
celebrated in October of every year. The Head of Vedic Lifecare, Dr Manjinder
Bhatti said: "The management of the Vedic Hospital has also partnered Manipal
Hopitals in Bangalore, India, which is committed to providing complete
diagnostic and treatment solution to 100 cancer patients identified and
sponsored by Pink Ball."

"Prevention, they say, is better than cure. So, it is wise to go for
examination, which is key to early detection and prevention," Bhatti said. He
added: "It is advised that women above the age of 40 should have mammogram at
least once in a year. Clinical breast examination should be carried out every
three years after 20 years of age and every year after the age of 40. "Susan G.
Komen in her study found that Afro-American women under the age of 45 are more
prone to cancer compared to their white counterparts. So, timely detection and
treatment are best option for now. We are committed to providing free
consultation and breast self-examination by expert gynaecologist available at
Vedic."

According to Bhatti, "Vedic is standing by Genevieve with all its medical
expertise in association with Manipal, which is a 5000-bed-chain of primary,
secondary, tertiary and quaternary health-care providers. "It would extend all
its state-of-the-art services under the umbrella like radiology, gynaecology,
paediatric, dermatology, dental EYE, ENT, orthopaedics, internal medicine,
cardiology (TMT, ECHO), gastroenterology (endoscopic unit) and dialysis unit to
all the needy. Meanwhile, the Publisher and Editor-in-Chief of Genevieve
Magazine, Mrs Betty Irabor who is spearheading the Pink Ball campaign explained
that "our vision this year is to provide full treatment of radiotherapy and
surgery for the 100 people in various communities, from foundations and
organisations - those who can't afford it."

For each patient, she said: "We have estimated a million naira. This means the
foundation is trying to raise a hundred million naira for a hundred patients.
"We have launched the House of Tara Lipstain. The more lipstick we sell we'll
get a check from House of Tara. But more than that, we need support from the
government and from people whom God has empowered." And, to spread the word even
faster and win more souls to join in the fight against cancer, artiste Seyi Shay
(song writer and singer), who is the Brand Ambassador for the Genevieve Pink
Ball 2014, released a song last Tuesday titled, 'Because we care.' This theme
song, which is a prayer, is meant to catch the attention of more female,
especially with this virulent breast cancer.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             August 7, 2006 Monday

Arthur B. Thompson Jr.

SECTION: OBITUARY; Pg. d4

LENGTH: 420 words

DATELINE: PLATTEVILLE, Wis.


Arthur Barnard "Art" Thompson Jr., 80, of Platteville, died Tuesday, Aug. 1,
2006, at Heartland Health Care Center, Platteville.

Art will be buried near his parents in Darlington, Md. Per his wishes, there
will be no visitation or memorial services. The Melby-Bendorf Funeral Home, 1245
N. Water St., Platteville, is in charge of arrangements.

Mr. Thompson taught political science at the University of Virginia, the
University of Vermont and the University of Wisconsin-Platteville for more than
29 years and was an active faculty advisor to several student organizations.

He was born on Aug. 27, 1925, in Philadelphia, son of Arthur B. Thompson, Sr.
and B. (May) Thompson. He moved with his family to Williamsburg, Va., shortly
before World War II.

Following graduation from Mathew Whaley High School, he enrolled at the College
of William and Mary and received his undergraduate degree there. His graduate
degree was received at the University of Virginia.

From 1943 to 1946, he served in the Army Engineers Battalion in the European
Theater, and from 1950 to 1952 he again served in Germany in a Field Artillery
Battalion.

In 1978, he helped lead a group of 200 Wisconsin college and university students
on a two-week tour of the former Soviet Union with interesting insights into the
heritage of their Czarist past and nature of their political, economic and
social life.

He was a longtime active member of the Executive Committee of the Grant County
Democratic Party. He was a Bicen- tennial Member of the Library of Congress
Association, the Smithsonian Institution Association, Sierra Club, Wilderness
Society, Nature Conservancy, Grant County Historical Society, State Historical
Society, National Association of Railroad Passengers, The Wisconsin, Illinois,
and Virginia Associations of Railroad Passengers, Southwest Wisconsin Auto Club,
Platteville Model Railroad Club, and Jamison Museum Association.

Art's interests were skiing and travel, especially on AmTrak tours of the United
States and VIA Rail Tours in Canada. He traveled extensively in Europe and Great
Britain and learned to ski in Switzerland.

Another of Arthur's hobbies was collecting and exhibiting at the Jamison
Museum's annual Christmas display of model trains, especially the Lionel
Standard Gauge electric trains of the 1920s and '30s. He was often seen driving
his collector's 1975 red and white Oldsmobile Delta 1988 Convertible in the
Dairy Days, Homecoming, and other parades in the tri-state area.

He was proud of the fact that his mother was a direct descendent of the
Revolutionary War patriot George Clymer, who was a Pennsylvania delegate to the
Continental Congress of 1776, and the Philadelphia Constitutional Convention of
1787, and he was a signer of both the Declaration of Independence and of the
U.S, Constitution. He considered that certainly impressive. Art was certainly a
public- spirited, interesting man.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     November 3, 2003 Monday Final Edition

Calendar

SOURCE: Vancouver Sun

SECTION: Business BC; Keeping Track; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 811 words

Week of Nov. 4 to 10

TUESDAY

How to Increase Sales by Hiring, Training and Managing Top Performers. Vancouver
Board of Trade breakfast meeting. Sheraton Wall Centre, 7:30 a.m. Members and
guests $50; non-members $75 (& GST). Registration (604) 641-1248 or
www.boardoftrade.com

Forging Effective Alliances: Partnering for Strategic Results. Sauder School of
Business. UBC at Robson Square, Nov. 4-5. Fee $895 (& GST). Registration (604)
822-8400.

Provocative Prescriptions for Life, Work and Health (David Whyte, Peter Frost,
Dr. Gabor Mate). Sauder School of Business. UBC at Robson Square, 7 p.m. Fee
$35. Registration (604) 822-9860.

How Good is Canadian Health Care? (Michael Walker, Nadeem Esmail). Fraser
Institute policy briefing and luncheon. 4th floor - 1770 Burrard, noon. Fee $30;
students $15. Registration (604) 714-4578 or www.fraserinstitute.ca/events/

Huntington's Disease (Ron Crain). Rotary Club of Vancouver luncheon meeting.
Terminal City Club, noon. Guests $25. Public welcome. Reservations (604)
685-0481 (Pam Stewart).

WEDNESDAY

The WCB in Transformation: Creating Value For Employers And Workers (Douglas
Enns). Vancouver Board of Trade luncheon meeting. Four Seasons, 11:45 a.m.
Members and guests $59; non-members $80 (& GST). Registration (604) 641-1248 or
www.boardoftrade.com

Simple Techniques for Customer Service Excellence (Dean Clarke). Delta Chamber
of Commerce breakfast meeting. Delta Town & Country Inn. Information (604)
946-4232 (Patsy Harrison).

Delivering a Great User Experience without Busting your Bank Account (Andrew
Harnden). eBusiness Connection brownbag seminar. 601 W. Cordova, noon. Fee $15.
Registration (604) 775-7532 or www.e-bc.ca

Wheaton River's Latin American Adventure (Ian Telfer). Canadian Council for the
Americas (B.C. chapter) luncheon meeting. Terminal City Club, 11:30 a.m. Members
$35; non-members $45. Registration (604) 779-8851 (Rosanna) or info@cca-bc.com

Lifepilot - an Operation Manual for Life (Peter Thomas). Four Seasons, 1 to 5
p.m. Fee $500. Registration (604) 685-8581 or www.lifepilot.org

Effective Interview Techniques, Including Handwriting Analysis (Allan Welyk,
David Babb). Women Business Owners. Vancouver Club, 6 p.m. Members $30;
non-members $39. Registration (604) 878-6699.

5th Biennial Residue-to-Revenue Residual Wood Conference. Logging & Sawmilling
Journal. Delta Vancouver Airport, Nov. 5-7. Registration (604) 990-9970 or
www.forestnet.com

Feng Shui in the Workplace: Tools and Tips for your Well-Being at Work. UBC
Continuing Studies. UBC Robson Square, 6:30 p.m. Fee $25. Registration (604)
822-1420 or www.tchiconsulting.com

Trade Opportunity: Cornucopia - Whistler's Food and Wine Celebration. Nov. 5 to
9. Information mywhistler.com/cornucopia

THURSDAY

The Winning Hand - Harrah's Closed Loop Marketing Approach (Jonathan Lowenhar).
B.C. Direct Marketing Assn. Four Seasons, 11:30 a.m. Members $40; non-members
$55; students $35. Registration (604) 633-0033 or www.bcdma.org

Lifepilot - an Operation Manual for Life (Peter Thomas). Four Seasons, 1 to 5
p.m. Fee $500. Registration (604) 685-8581 or www.lifepilot.org

Greater Vancouver Water Supply: Today and Tomorrow (Don Bell). Canadian Society
for Senior Engineers of the Engineering Institute of Canada and Canadian Society
for Engineering Management luncheon meeting. Sutton Place, 11:30 a.m. EIC and
APEGBC members $27; non-members $29. Reservations (604) 324-2441 (Jim Gordon).

Creating a Business Plan: Part 1 - Where do I Begin? (Twila Pattyson, Karen
Smith). Canada/BC Business Services Society. 601 W. Cordova, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Fee $75 (& GST). Registration (604 775-5477 or www.smallbusinessbc.ca/seminars

Prospecting for Gold (Ken Grant). B.C. Chamber of Commerce luncheon seminar. 750
W. Pender. Members $12; non members $15. Information (604) 683-0700 ext 303.

Options Strategies for Extra Income. CIBC Wood Gundy. 606-5811 Cooney Rd.,
Richmond. Noon. Free. Reservations (604) 207-8582 (Mike).

FRIDAY

International Marketing for Small and Medium-sized Technology Firms (Bruce
Dewar, Matt Skilton, Josh Hodgson). Fraser Valley Technology Network. Sheraton
Guildford Hotel, 7:30 a.m. Members free; non-members $25 (& GST) Registration
(604) 268-7441 or desiree@sfu.ca

Have the "Bad Guys" Moved into your Tenant's Neighbourhood? B.C. Apartment
Owners and Managers Assn. breakfast seminar. Royal Vancouver Yacht Club, 8:45
a.m. Members $45; non-members $55. Information (604) 733-9440 or
questions@bcaoma.com

Creating a Business Plan: Part 2 - Development and Critique (Twila Pattyson,
Karen Smith). Canada/BC Business Services Society. 601 W. Cordova, 9 a.m. to 4
p.m. Fee $75 (& GST). Registration (604) 775-5477 or
www.smallbusinessbc.ca/seminars.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            June 29, 2005 Wednesday

HIGH FIVES

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1747 words


State Sen. Mike Fasano has received two awards for his work as a Florida
legislator.

Fasano was named the Legislator of the Year by the Florida Association of
Convention and Visitors Bureaus. The award was given "for his outstanding
service and leadership for the tourism industry in Florida.

He also was presented with the 2004-05 Leadership Award from the American Heart
Association's Nature Coast Division. The award was given to thank Fasano for his
leadership and commitment to advancing the mission of the heart association.

+ + +

Wider Horizons School had its annual Mother's Day breakfast May 6. The event was
attended by mothers, grandmothers or other mother figures.

The classes all prepared a breakfast, plus a special gift, for each woman. The
children served their mothers, then were able to sit and join them for
breakfast.

+ + +

Megan Wakeley, a student at Cumberland College in Williamsburg, Ky., was
inducted into Alpha Lambda Delta during a recent ceremony at the school.

Membership in Alpha Lambda Delta is open to full-time freshmen who earn a
scholastic average of 3.5 or better at a four-year college or university. In
addition, Wakeley was elected secretary of Cumberland's chapter for the 2005-06
academic year.

Wakeley, a 2004 graduate of Central High School, is pursuing a major in
psychology at Cumberland.

CLUBS AND ORGANIZATIONS

Officers of Aripeka Elks Lodge 2520 in Hudson recently took first place in the
Central District ritual contest. The officers advanced to the state contest.

On April 16, Adopt-A-Road chairman  Bill Borrusch and 17 volunteers representing
the Aripeka Elks cleared a 2-mile area of U.S. 19 and collected 36 bags of
rubbish, totaling 504 pounds.

On May 9, exalted ruler Mary E. Ford and lodge officers conducted a Mother's Day
ceremony. Ford presented four women with potted mums. A dinner and dance
followed. Approximately 70 attended.

Past exalted ruler John Nedjelo, representing the lodge, presented four high
school boys with $500 scholarships. Those receiving scholarship were John T.
Bigus, Ryan Obenreder, Craig Bialhoski and Robert Kittle III. The lodge also
awarded several students with checks for $25 for nine months.

Barbara Benson, president of the Ladies of Aripeka Elks Lodge, presented $500
scholarships to four high school girls: Jessica Yost, Lauren Devasher, Nicole
Anne Bamberski and Max Alenson Michel Hilsabeck.

Four "campership" certificates were presented by E.R. Ford to youth to attend
the Florida Elks Youth Camp in Umatilla for seven days. Those going to camp are
Travis Clark, Paul Clark, Anjela Morton and Kendra Kindred. The campership
certificates were made possible through a special grant from the Elks National
Foundation.

+ + +

The Hernando County Commission recently proclaimed May as Older Americans Month,
and May 25 as Senior Health and Fitness Day in Hernando County. In the
resolution, commissioners commended the network of organizations, service and
health care providers, caregivers and volunteers for their efforts on behalf of
senior citizens.

Commissioners also encouraged Hernando County residents to honor their elders,
to seek opportunities to address the needs of our seniors and to work together
to reinforce the bonds that unite families and communities.

+ + +

The Hernando County Commission recently honored Al Puera for his community
efforts. Puera was commended for the many hours he has devoted to various
organizations and for his contributions to the veterans community.

In the proclamation presented to Puera and his family, commissioners stated:
"For the past 18 years, Hernando County has been fortunate to be the home of
Albert "Al" Puera, a respected and admired member of our community. He has
faithfully organized the annual July 4th carwash that benefits our veteran
population, and offered his services to countless nonprofit organizations and
agencies throughout the years."

Commissioners recognized and admired the humanitarian efforts of Puera on behalf
of the citizens of Hernando County.

+ + +

Heidi B. McCree was recently selected by unanimous vote as the first female
governing board chairwoman in the 44-year history of the Southwest Florida Water
Management District, which has headquarters south of Brooksville.

McCree, of Tampa, was appointed to the governing board in September 2000 and
elected secretary in April 2002. She was elected vice chairwoman in May 2004.
Her term as chairwoman expires March 1, 2008.

Other board officers include: Talmadge G. "Jerry" Rice, vice chairman; Judith C.
"Judy" Whitehead, treasurer, and Patsy C. Symons, secretary.

Rice, of Dade City, was appointed to the governing board in March 2003. He was
elected treasurer in May 2004. His term as vice chairman expires March 1, 2007.

Whitehead, of Brooksville, was appointed to the governing board in March 2003.
She had served as a member of the district's Coastal Rivers Basin Board since
March 2001. She was elected the board's secretary in May 2004. Her term as
treasurer expires March 1, 2007.

Symons, of Arcadia, was appointed to the governing board in March 2004. Her term
as secretary expires March 1, 2008.

The officers assumed their duties May 24. Governing board members are unpaid
volunteers who are appointed by the governor for a four-year term and confirmed
by the Florida Senate.

+ + +

Members of the Florida Guard's 1st Air Wing continue to pursue the wings that
will signify they have completed the organization's mission observer training
course. A flight on May 9, part of the qualification process, was plotted by Lt.
Col. Ron O'Connell, who was pilot-in-command for the flight.

The group flew a triangle from the Hernando County Airport base to Ocala, then
to Leesburg and back to Brooksville. Observer candidates were required to
interpret the flight plan, identify certain ground "fixes," compute the arrival
time at the next "fix," identify the new "fix" and repeat the process throughout
the flight, which lasted more than one hour.

O'Connell and Lt. Col. Don Albanese are conducting the mission observer training
course.

The 1st Air Wing has begun Sunday flights to gain flight time since the total
flying time needed for their wings is more than 60 hours. Two planes will be
used while the Saturday training flights continue. Albanese will pilot the
Piper, and O'Connell the Mooney.

The Florida Guard is an all-volunteer organization and is recruiting members for
its ground-based Brigades, as well as for the 1st Air Wing. Prior military
service is not required, but volunteers must be able to pass a background check,
be of good moral character, be U.S. citizens, and meet height and weight
requirements to wear a military uniform.

Individuals interested in Brigade membership should call Maj. Barbie Fournier at
(813) 949-8937. For information about the 1st Air Wing, call 796-0779.

RECREATION AND SPORTS

Springstead High School's varsity cheerleading squad was selected as
Varsity.com's June Squad of the Month.

Varsity.com is the largest cheerleading Web site in the nation; it is supported
by ESPN and other major companies. Varsity.com receives hundreds of entrys per
month, and one cheerleading team is selected monthly.

The cheerleaders were work hard academically and physically while displaying the
qualities of good sportsmanship and fair play, said  Cecilia Page, varsity
cheerleading coach at Springstead.

"I am proud to say that they understand the true meaning of cheerleading, which
is to promote school spirit while maintaining high academic standards and
supporting our school as well as our community," Page said.

- Hometown Hernando welcomes reports on recreational and sports activities, both
youth and adult, that do not normally run on the Sports pages. Send your news
and results to: Jean Hayes, Hernando Times, 15365 Cortez Blvd., Brooksville, FL
34613-6174.

HEADED TO CAMP: Aripeka Elks Lodge 2520 sent four students to the Florida Elks
Youth Camp. From left are Paul Clark, Travis Clark, exalted ruler Mary E. Ford,
Kendra Kindred and Anjela Morton.

MOTHER'S DAY HONOREES: Members of Aripeka Elks Lodge 2520 had a Mother's Day
ceremony. Exalted ruler Mary E. Ford presented four women with flowers. From
left are Violet Stimling, Ethel Andes, Ford, Barbara Bingman and Joyce Campbell.


LONGTERM SERVICE TO COMMUNITY RECOGNIZED: The Hernando County Commission honored
Al Puera for his community efforts. From left are Elizabeth Bene, Puera's
granddaughter; Christine Bene, Puera's daughter; Commissioner Jeff Stabins;
Dorothy Puera, Puera's wife; Puera; and commissioners Chris Kingsley, Nancy
Robinson and Diane Rowden. Standing in back is commission Chairman Robert
Schenck.

OLDER AMERICANS MONTH: The Hernando County Commission recognized several
residents in honor of Older Americans Month. From left are Doris Bennett,
Commissioner Diane Rowden's mother; Debbie Walker-Druzbick, Enrichment Center
coordinator; Chuck Hill, Enrichment Center director; George Popovich, Doreene
Uzuanis and Jini Sommerfeld, all members of H2U (former Senior Friends);
Commissioner Rowden; and Karen Miles of H2U.

PROMOTING SAFETY ON THE WATER: The Hernando County Commission proclaimed the
week of May 21-27 as Safe Boating Week in Hernando County. Members of Coast
Guard Auxiliary Flotilla 15-8 in Hernando Beach accepted the proclamation from
Commissioner Chris Kingsley. In back, from left, are Ray Pullen; John Karpiscak;
Norma Karpiscak; Don Jernstrom; Cecil Spencer; Herb McCaffrey; Charles
McCaffrey; and Rick Foti, county media specialist. In front, from left, are
Kingsley, and Len Sinisgalli, flotilla commander. In the resolution,
commissioners urged all residents to learn and practice safe boating through
boating education courses, to operate their vessels responsibly and to avoid
boating under the influence.

SEEKING THEIR WINGS: Three mission observer training course candidates with the
Florida Guard's 1st Air Wing - 2nd Lt. Dick Origon, left, Capt. Arch LaVelle and
Maj. Barbie Fournier - stand ready to board the four-place Mooney aircraft owned
and piloted by Lt. Col. Ron O'Connell, standing at the far right. The group is
ready to fly a "seek and identify" practice as part of their training toward
earning their wings.

LOCAL SQUAD PICKED FOR MONTHLY HONOR: Springstead High School's varsity
cheerleading squad was selected as Squad of the Month for June by Varsity.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: HOMETOWN HERNANDO

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; PHOTO, Photo courtesy of Mary Ann Steffes, (2); PHOTO, Photo
courtesy of Emilia Raia, (3); PHOTO, Photo courtesy of John Keys; PHOTO, Photo
courtesy of Cecilia Page; Megan Wakeley; Paul Clark, Travis Clark, Mary E. Ford,
Kendra Kindred and Anjela Morton;  Mary E. Ford, Violet Stimling, Ethel Andes,
Barbara Bingman and Joyce Campbell; Elizabeth Bene, Christine Bene, Jeff
Stabins, Dorothy Puera, Al Puera, Chris; Kingsley, Nancy Robinson, Diane Rowden
and Robert Schenck;  Doris Bennett, Debbie Walker-Druzbick, Chuck Hill, George
Popovich, Doreene Uzuanis, Jini Sommerfeld, Diane Rowden and Karen Miles;  Chris
Kingsley, Ray Pullen, John Karpiscak, Norma; Karpiscak, Don Jernstrom, Cecil
Spencer, Herb McCaffrey, Charles McCaffrey, Rick Foti and Len Sinisgalli;  Dick
Origon, Arch LaVelle, Barbie Fournier and Ron O'Connell; Springstead High
School's varsity cheerleading squad

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                          February 24, 2010 Wednesday
                                  Mars Edition

Tri Kappa fundraiser to set sail March 3

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 495 words


PLYMOUTH

A Luxury Liner Ladies' Night Out is this year's Tri Kappa theme for the annual
fundraising dinner and giveaway event. Doors open at 5:30 p.m., raffles begin at
6:30 p.m. March 3 at Christos Banquet Center, 830 Lincolnway E., Plymouth.

Tickets are $35, which includes a fabulous feast from around the Mediterranean:

* Served soup course - Africa: Moroccan lentil soup.

* Served salad course - Greece: Greek village salad and crusty bread.

* Entree stations:

Italy: Fettuccine Alfredo and a side dish of sautéed Italian vegetables.

Turkey: Grilled pork shish kebab.

Israel: Red mullet (fresh from the Chicago Fish Market!).

Spain: Saffron rice and chicken.

Dessert: Tiramisu and an international coffee bar.

There is a cash bar. Tickets are available from any Tri Kappa member, or by
calling Lisa Miller at (574) 936-3343, or by purchasing them at Sherwood Tire
and Service Center, 2155 N. Oak Road.

The event consists of multiple $1 raffles for community-donated prize packages.
Handsome men circulate the room selling "tips," usually for a dollar. These tips
are often small candies or toys, some of which are marked for cash prizes.

"Nearly everyone wins something - there are dozens of door prizes you are
eligible for just by showing up," said co-chair Alexis Davis. "This year our
grand prize is a white gold and pavé diamond vintage-style ring valued at $2,500
from Fernbaugh's and there are also prizes such as a $1,000 in gift cards to
Lowe's donated by U.S. Granules as well as a $250 dining certificate to LaSalle
Grill. And lots of cash."

Women do not have to be a member of Tri Kappa to attend this event, which raises
about $10,000 for area arts and charities such as donations to school nurses or
the holiday adopt-a-family program at United Way.

Plymouth's Beta Delta chapter (one of the three largest in the state) raises
nearly $40,000 annually - all of which goes directly back into the community.
For example, some of the donations in 2009 included $1,500 to the United Way,
$500 to Earthworks, $400 to Heminger House, $3,000 in college scholarships, and
$250 to Habitat for Humanity.

Tri Kappa is an Indiana philanthropic women's organization dedicated to
promoting charity, education and culture. Some of the other organizations which
are assisted include: Habitat for Humanity, CASA, Ounce of Prevention,
Rebuilding Together and Center for Hospice and Palliative Care, JESSE,
Alternative School, Ancilla College, scholarships for graduating high school
seniors, and the annual Honor Banquet for PHS Tri Kappa scholars.

In 1922, Tri Kappa began partnering with Riley Hospital for Children, and over
the years since Tri Kappa chapters statewide have donated more than $1 million
to Riley.

Furthermore, thousands of Tri Kappa dollars supplement cultural programs for all
ages, including the Marshall County Historical Society, Missoula Children's
Theatre, Encore Performing Arts, Plymouth Public Library and Earthworks Summer
Camp scholarships.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

Pacific students give 60,000 hours to 20,000 in need

LENGTH: 1044  words

DATELINE: Pacific


University of the Pacific has issued the following news release:

University of the Pacific students last year contributed more than 60,400 hours
of community service, provided health care and legal assistance to more than
20,000 people in underserved communities, and raised more than $48,500 for
charitable causes, according to the latest tallies from the university's three
campuses.

The efforts provided an estimated $10 million in uncompensated dental care to
14,000 underserved patients from throughout Northern California; helped
thousands of elderly people save on prescription drug costs; and benefited
regional food banks, national cancer research programs, scholarships and more.

"Through their work in the community, Pacific students are both applying what
they learn and learning as they apply their education through service," said
Erin Rausch, director of the university's Center for Community Involvement.
"Through reaching out, students develop values of civic engagement and community
responsibility."

Undergraduate contributions

Pacific undergraduate students reported performing 13,093 hours of community
service to the Center for Community Involvement during the 2013-2014 academic
year. Beneficiaries included Habitat for Humanity, Animal Protection League,
Boggs Tract Community Farm, Stockton Shelter for the Homeless, and more than a
dozen other agencies and organizations.

The largely undergraduate Greek community, in a separate tally, reported 11,326
hours of service to the office of Housing and Greek Life. (Dual reporting to
Greek Life and the Center for Community Involvement is not tracked, so the two
totals cannot be added.)

Greek organizations at Pacific also reported raising more than $46,000 for
philanthropic causes - or roughly $71 per student. (Many other students and
student organizations also raise funds for charitable causes, but only the Greek
organizations aggregate and report this information.)

Clocking the most volunteer service hours per member was Omega Delta Phi, with
an average of 60.3 hours per student. The biggest fundraiser was Alpha Phi,
which generated $12,799 overall.

About 17 percent of Pacific's 3,877 undergraduates belonged to one of the
campus's 13 Greek organizations during the last academic year.

Each chapter at Pacific has an identified philanthropic focus. Causes and
organizations include education, women's issues, Shriners Hospital for Children
- Northern California, and the Second Harvest Food Bank of San Joaquin and
Stanislaus counties.

"Community service and philanthropy are founding principles of Greek life at
Pacific, and our fraternities and sororities demonstrate their commitment to
giving back every year," said Torry Brouliard-Bruce, executive director of
housing, residential and Greek life. "Their cumulative contributions during the
2013-14 academic year continued their long tradition of service. Not only does
our community benefit from their service, our students who get involved benefit
through giving back."

Health sciences and professional schools

Students at the Pacific McGeorge School of Law in Sacramento, the Arthur A.
Dugoni School of Dentistry in San Francisco, and the Thomas J. Long School of
Pharmacy and Health Sciences in Stockton also gave generously of their time and
skills.

Law students provided much-needed legal assistance to 529 clients throughout
Northern California, logging more than 784 hours of pro bono service.

Dental students provided free screenings or oral health information for
underserved groups at more than 50 free community health events throughout
Northern California, including events in San Francisco, San Jose, Stockton,
Union City, Vallejo and other communities. This included providing free
screenings and follow-up care through Project Homeless Connect, a San
Francisco-based nonprofit program serving the homeless. All told, the Arthur A.
Dugoni School of Dentistry students volunteered more than 5,200 hours and the
school provided $10 million in uncompensated services throughout the region and
state. Student groups, including Pacific's American Student Dental Association
chapter, also hosted on-campus fundraisers during the 2013-2014 academic year
that generated more than $2,500 for local nonprofits, including City Youth Now.

Students at the Thomas J. Long School of Pharmacy and Health Sciences
volunteered an estimated 30,000 hours, for efforts ranging from early literacy
to children's health:

Speech-language pathology students collected and purchased more than 1,200
children's books for Pacific's  annual Holiday Roar early literacy program for
San Joaquin County children.
    Pharmacy students, working with faculty and preceptors, provided more than
100 free health care programs that offered medication therapy reviews, mental
assessments, asthma care, and screenings for blood pressure, glucose,
cholesterol and osteoporosis. The clinics served more than 3,750 patients and
provided immunizations to 992 patients.
    Pharmacy students also provided more than 8,000 screenings and medication
therapy reviews to elderly patients through free school-sponsored Medicare Part
D clinics, helping participants save up to $972 each on annual prescription drug
costs.
    Physical therapy students have reached an average of about 1,875 at-risk
young people in the Stockton region each year for the past four years through
Healthy Children, a project in which they visit after-school programs to provide
K-12 students with information and activities that encourage healthful physical
activity and good nutrition. The students served about 325 more last year
through the school's Healthy Children program and the Pacific Family Health
Fair.

According to estimates of the dollar value of volunteer time developed by
Independent Sector, an association of charitable nonprofits and foundations, the
combined volunteer hours tracked by Pacific students through the Arthur A.
Dugoni School of Dentistry, Center for Community Involvement, Housing and Greek
Life, McGeorge School of Law, and Thomas J. Long School of Pharmacy and Health
Sciences - 60,403 hours -- are worth nearly $1.6 million in California's
economy.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                               December 11, 2016

Buhari's 'Forgotten' Ministers

BYLINE: Fidelis Mac-Leva, Ademola Adebayo, Ojoma Akor, Joshua Odeyemi,
Judd-Leonard Okafor

LENGTH: 2605 words

DATELINE: Abdullateef Sal


Though the name of the ministry has since been changed from the Ministry of
Solid Minerals Development to the Ministry of Mines and Steel Development,
observers believe that not much has changed or been witnessed in this sector
full of economic potentials.

The Minister of Mines and Steel Development Dr. Kayode Fayemi had on assumption
of office pledged his commitment to developing the solid minerals sector, while
ironically pointing at the government's own inadequacies at identifying what is
good for Nigeria and mustering the will to promote it.

He initially came across as one of the top five in Buhari's cabinet that have
the expertise and experience to see the government deliver on all its promises
to the Nigerian voter.

Also, given the policy of the Buhari-administration on diversification,
Nigerians expected his ministry to be in the lead in generating non-oil revenue
for the nation.

He identified limited infrastructure, insufficient geological data, limited
corporate federalism, illegal artisanal mining community challenges, weak
institutional capacity and insufficient funding as the bane of the sector and
promised to take these numerous challenges head on, and deliver on the Federal
Government's vision, of building a mining sector that Nigerians can be proud of
30 years or more from now.

However, with over a year in office, Fayemi has not recorded any visible success
in addressing the challenges he identified as bedeviling the solid mineral
sector.

Also, the promise by the minister to strengthen a unit of the ministry which
should check such illegal activities has also not been fulfilled as the Mines
Inspectorate Department is currently been faced by lack of adequate funds and
manpower to carry out its functions.

Abdulrahman Bello Dambazau

A year after being appointed the minister to oversee the Ministry of Interior,
Gen. Abdulrahman Bello Dambazau (Rtd), Nigerians are of the belief that nothing
spectacular has changed in affairs of the ministry.

On resumption of office, the former Chief of Army Staff had vowed to stamp out
corruption in the ministry, saying: "My leadership will have zero tolerance for
corruption, indolence, sectarianism, cronyism, and most of all, impunity." Many
had expected that Dambazau's experience and qualifications as a military
officer, lawyer and academic will come in handy in overseeing the internal
security of the country.

However, a year after, all the problems associated with the ministry like
corruption, impunity, inefficiency, indolence, among others are still well
rooted in the ministry. Under his ministry are the Nigerian Police Force (NPF),
Nigeria Immigration Service (NIS), Federal Fire Service (FFS), Nigeria Prisons
Service (NPS) and the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corp (NSCDC).

Cases of corruption still abound in the aforementioned services as there has
been secret recruitment in agencies under Dambazau's watch. Appointments are
being given to relatives of those in the corridors of powers without following
due process.

Under his watch, the country witnessed unprecedented incidents of jailbreaks.
Between January and June 2016 alone, no fewer than six jailbreaks, riots and
attempted jailbreaks were recorded. Prison warders have been fingered in the
smuggling of illegal substances into the prison premises while others were
accused of abandoning their duty posts.

Besides, there have not been any changes in the condition of prison facilities
all over the country as most of them are still overcrowded with the 'awaiting
trial' inmates still having over 70 percent of the population.

In the Immigration Service, there have been complaints of scarcity of Nigerian
visas in foreign countries with most people intending to visit the country
finding it difficult to undertake their journeys.

Perhaps, the only cheering news is that in the Federal Fire Service the
Dambazau- led administration has ensured the procurement of new equipment for
the Service.

Senator Aisha Alhassan

Senator Aisha Alhassan shot to nationwide fame while contesting for the
governorship seat of Taraba State in the 2015 general elections, but her
popularity soared with the close-call elections and subsequent petitions.

Shortly after her appointment, Alhassan, popularly called 'Mama Taraba', went
into hibernation of some sorts. She was said to have taken ill and reportedly
underwent orthopaedic surgery in the US.

However, Senator Alhassan's reappearance at Aso Rock Villa and her first
meet-the-press after a Federal Executive Council meeting few weeks later was a
delight. Disappointment soared that Alhassan didn't hit the ground running. She
visited her home state, first, and then got to work.

The ministry was involved with a plethora of legislation affecting women and
children; one prohibiting violence, another guaranteeing child rights and a
third ensuring gender equality.

Her most prominent engagement has been to investigate allegations of sexual
abuse of women on camps for displaced people.

Many Nigerians, however, believe that after a year in office Mama Taraba has
done little to confirm the high expectations that greeted her appointment as a
minister.

Geoffrey Onyeama

The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, assumed office with high hope
from Nigerians that the country's battered image abroad would be redeemed and
the nation would regain its true position in the comity of nations.

Onyeama had been involved in diplomatic shuttles, either with President
Muhammadu Buhari or alone, globetrotting the world to meet foreign counterparts
to discuss security and economic matters affecting Nigeria.

On assumption of office in Novermber 2015, Onyeama rolled out his strategy to
reform Nigeria's foreign missions, block economic leakages, expand relations
with neighbouring countries to address insecurity and work closely with foreign
partners to fight corruption and recover looted assets.

He had promised to set the wheel of economic diplomacy rolling, saying efforts
would be made to engage Nigeria's mission abroad and turn them into economic hub
for the country's development.

While the efforts to securing international commitment in the fight against
terrorism have been largely successful, such was not the case with the
repatriation of stolen assets. Though efforts had been made in this direction
with series of meeting with foreign governments where Nigeria's loots are
stashed, this yielded no positive results as no money has been returned to the
country.

Also, many Nigerians have always complained of the ineptitude of foreign
missions' officials to address their problems or even swiftly respond to request
put forwarded to them. This has not changed significantly one year after Onyeama
took over the management of the foreign ministry.

A number of Nigerians abroad have been victims of abuse in their countries of
resident with some either killed extra-judicially or suffered injuries due to
physical abuse, while the perpetrators, most times, were left unpunished. On
economic diplomacy, checks revealed that Nigeria's foreign missions have been
unproductive in marketing the nation's investment opportunities as there are no
substantive ambassadors in place to follow up most of the actions.

Okechukwu Enelamah

The Minister of Industry, Trade and Investment, Okechukwu Enelamah, has been
overseeing a sector that is witnessing huge downturns since the start of 2016.
Under Enelamah's watch, several industries have shut down this year and many
that are still operating have retrenched many workers.

Data obtained from the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) showed that in the
third quarter of 2016, real Gross Domestic Product growth of the manufacturing
sector slowed by 2.63 percent points to minus 4.38 percent (year-on-year) from
minus 1.75 percent growth recorded in third quarter of 2015.

The Minister is also overseeing a trade sector grappling with high inflation
rate, jumping from 9.6 percent recorded in January to 18.3 percent as at
October, 2016, being the highest rise in prices of commodities seen in Nigeria
in the past 16 years.

Until recently when he announced the readiness of his ministry to implement the
National Industrial Revolution Plan, the fate of the plan had been uncertain,
and the implementation delayed beyond the first quarter of the year.

Even with the announcement of the implementation of the plan, the details have
remained sketchy.

Similarly, the Ministry has been dragging foot on the full implementation of the
Cotton, Textile and Garment (CTG) policy launched by the then Minister of
Industry, Trade and Investment, Olusegun Aganga, in Abuja, and witnessed by
stakeholders in the textile industry and the United Nations Industrial
Development Organization.

Textile factories still remain moribund as the policy, aimed at developing the
entire value chain in the industry with a target of over N566 billion export
earnings, gathers dust in the Ministry's shelves.

Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) in the printing sector also suffered a major
setback under Enelamah, as the federal government banned agencies from printing
souvenirs and conference materials. He failed to advise the government on the
number of printers that the policy would affect.

Importers have continued to grumble under the Minister as their backlog of the
suspended Export Expansion Grant (EEG) amounting to over N150 billion remained
unsettled.

Health Minister's tall promises

The Minister of Health, Prof. Isaac Adewole was appointed in November 2015, and
when he resumed work at the ministry headquarters in Abuja on November 11, 2015,
he promised to ensure changes in the health sector that will benefit Nigerians.

But over a year after, not many Nigerians have felt the changes in this critical
sector.

"There are quite a number of restructuring that we need to do. We will need to
look at how to work with the secondary and primary health care systems because
the tertiary tier is not all that we need to promote and bring good health at
the doorstep of our people, so we need to work with the state and local
governments," he stated on his first day of resumption", she reportedly said.

Since then he has made a lot of other promises on improving healthcare for
Nigerians. While few of these promises have been fulfilled many others are yet
fulfilled.

The Minister had on many occasions said that the federal government would
rehabilitate 10,000 primary healthcare centres within two years.

He said: "The Federal government will build, renovate and revitalise 10,000
primary health facilities in the 774 local government areas across the country."

On May, 1 2016, the minister said during an interview on Channels Sunrise show:
"We will deliver one new PHC a day delivering 101 PHCs in the 90 days from May
1... "

But the Minister has not delivered on the promise of one PHC a day; rather he
set up a committee to map out all the primary health care centres in the
country. Only renovations have been ongoing on in some PHCs across the country.

The health sector remains in serious distress with medical tourism at its peak.
Many health workers are disgruntled and seeking greener pasture overseas even as
hospitals are inadequate, ill-equipped and incapacitated to handle basic
diseases.

Brig-Gen Mansur Dan-Ali (rtd)

Although Brigadier-General Muhammad Mansur Dan-Ali (rtd) surprisingly got the
Defence portfolio ahead of the much popular Abdulrahman Dambazau, many Nigerians
saw him as no less a distinguished military officer.

Having served as Acting Director Military Training (DMT) retired as Commander of
the 32 Artillery Brigade, Akure in August, 2013 many felt he was still very much
acquainted with field military operations.

But his greatest challenge in the past one year was how to motivate troops to
overcome Boko Haram insurgents in the North-East. The Defence Minister had the
challenge having to deliver on the December deadline to Military chiefs to flush
out terrorists out of the nation.

The renewed offensive by Boko Haram which has resulted into ambush targeted at
military troops in the North-East, leading to huge casualties has also raised
questions over the role of the ministry in addressing security challenges.

But for the Zamfara-born retired general getting this remains a huge challenge
even as oil theft, kidnappings and other security challenges such militancy in
the Niger Delta have remained a hard nut to crack.

Usani Uguru

To many pundits the importance of the Niger Delta region to the coun¬try
underscored the retention of this minis¬try by Buhari and the subsequent
assign-ment of Pastor Usani Uguru as minister.

The creation of the ministry by the late Umaru Yar'Adua's administration
fol¬lowed the need to end militancy and devel¬op the region.

In the past one year, however, the Niger Delta ministry had faced enormous
challenge deliv¬ering development in the region.

Although the Niger Delta Development Commis¬sion (NDDC) was not good enough to
push the issues in the region as it was not a poli¬cy making and cabinet body,
many observers say the current minister has so far failed to meet up with the
security challenges there as well as rolling out and pur¬suing policies that
would speed up the develop¬ment of people and environment in Niger Delta.

The activities of militants have continued to cripple the economy while the
minister appears helpless. Instead of him leading the peace process in the Niger
Delta, Uguru has abandoned that role to the minister of state for petroleum, Mr
Ibe Kachikwu, to handle.

Chris Ngige

With a staggering unemployment market hitting over 70million, former Anambra
State governor, Chris Ngige's headache on assumption of office was how to
provide jobs. As the minister for labour and employment, many believed that
Ngige, an acclaimed performer had his hands full.

His major challenge had been how to deal with the army of unemployed Nigerians.
The All Progressives Congress (APC) promised a monthly stipend of N5,000 each
for unemployed youths, but many say Ngige's has failed in his responsibility to
deliver on this.

The labour unions have also been agitating for better working conditions even
though the frequency at which the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) and Trade Union
of Nigeria (TUC) embark on industrial actions has drastically reduced.

Ogbonnaya Onu

The Minister of Science and Technology, Dr Ogbonnaya Onu, came into office with
a promise to put the science and technology sector in the driver's seat of the
Federal Government's diversification drive.

He said: "We should move from assembling to manufacturing; we are not satisfied
only with assembling, we want real manufacturing here because that is what will
make our economy grow, that is what will help us create jobs."

He said the country would start producing pencils locally by 2018 and that
400,000 jobs are expected to be created through the production of pencils.

But Onu's science and technology ministry has only succeeded in producing and
commercializing high-nutrient biscuits.

However, many believed that minister is not doing enough in leading the Federal
Government's diversification drive.

Suleiman Adamu

On assumption of office, water resources minister, Suleiman Adamu, promised to
reposition the nation's dams for irrigation purpose in order to boost food
production.

But since then, not much has been done apart from his visits to some of these
dams.

He also promised that some of the dams will be used to generate electricity but
this is yet to be seen.

He visited the Tiga dam in Kano State, Galman dam in Kaduna State and many other
dams in Kogi, Sokoto, Anambra and Ogun States.

Apart from the visit, not much is being done to reposition the dams, even as the
dry season sets in.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             August 3, 2007 Friday

HEALTH HAPPENINGS

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Contra Costa; Eastern Contra Costa; My Town

LENGTH: 1225 words


Announcement forms may be obtained by calling 925-779-7173 or e-mailing
shargis@cctimes.com .

ONGOING EVENTS

Hearing tests for seniors -- Seniors are eligible for a free full audiological
exam or hearing aid evaluation. Also can receive up to a 30 percent discount on
hearing aids. Call 925-947-3300 or 925-674-2586 for details.

Home Chore Registry Program: East County -- A program for seniors who need to
hire someone to help with day-to-day tasks. For more information about this
program in East County call 925-439-1202.

UnitedHealthcare Children's Foundation -- California parents with children in
need of medical services or equipment not fully covered by health insurance can
apply for a grant up to $5,000. For information: http://www.uhccf.org .

Power wheel chairs available -- Miracle on Wheels makes available electric power
wheelchairs to non-ambulatory senior citizens, 65 years-and older, and the
permanently disabled of any age. For information and qualifications:
1-800-749-8778, http://www.jaspanmedical.com .

BLOOD DRIVES

American Red Cross Blood Drives -- 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com to
schedule appointment.

Aug. 18, 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Church hall, St. Anthony Church, 971 O'Hara Ave., Oakley.
Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . Use code:
STANTHONYOAKLEY.

Aug. 27, 1:30-6:30 p.m. Community Presbyterian Church of Pittsburg, 200 E.
Leland Road. Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com . Use code:
PITTSBURG.

SUTTER DELTA CENTER

Sutter Delta Medical Center offers the following health events, 3901 Lone Tree
Way, Antioch:

Women's Health Center Tours, 1:30 or 7:30 p.m. first and third Mondays monthly.
925-779-7230.

"Calling It Quits": Smoking Cessation, Do you want to kick the habit of smoking?
Classes are scheduled as needed. For information, call 925-779-3570.

Lactation Services, The Women's Health Center has lactation consultants with
services available for outpatient appointments. 925-779-7200, Ext. 4206.

Little Helper Sibling Class, 6:30 p.m. Aug. 8. This one session class helps
children ages three to eight prepare for a new baby. Registration: 925-779-3570,
925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

Diabetic Education Series, 5-6 p.m. Sept. 10, 17, 24 and Oct. 1. A series of
four classes aimed at the basics of diabetes, what it is, management techniques,
food and recipe ideas and more. Spouses and caregivers are welcome.
Registration: 925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

ABCs of CHF: Living Well with Congestive Heart Failure, 10 a.m.-noon. Sept. 12
and 19. The causes of CHF are varied but treatments are fairly consistent.
Two-day class shows some tricks of the trade for coping with this manageable
condition. Registration: 925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

Get Tough on Angina, 6-8 p.m. Sept. 12. The main goal of the class is to assist
you in becoming comfortable with talking about and coping with angina on a
day-to day basis in addition to being more comfortable. Registration:
925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org .

Quarterly Diabetic Workshops, Sept. 21. A clinical specialist will present a
variety of diabetes-related topics. For time and registration information:
925-779-3570.

Who Will Speak for You: Advance Directives, 10 to 11:30 a.m. Sept. 26. This
class will teach you about the legal document that allows you to appoint someone
to speak for you, on your behalf in the event of a medical emergency.
Registration: 925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

CPR for Family and Friends, 5-8 p.m. Sept. 27. This three-hour class teaches
recognition and emergency resuscitation techniques for laypersons who want to
learn rescue skills for a loved one. This is not a certification class.
925-779-3570, juhlsh@sutterhealth.org

JOHN MUIR MEDICAL CENTER, BRENTWOOD

Offers the following health events and services, 2400 Balfour Road, Brentwood:

New Parent Group, 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Lactation: First and third Mondays
facilitated by a board-certified lactation consultant. Other Mondays will be
focused topics and open discussion on various parenting issues. Registration:
925-941-7900, option 3, http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

JOHN MUIR HEALTH & FITNESS INSTITUTE

Offers the following health events, 2231 Galaxy Court, Concord:

Body fat testing, provides body composition screening. Fee is $25-50. Contact:
925-798-9401 for appointment.

One-on-one fitness evaluation, fee ranges from $90-150. Contact: 925-798-9401
for appointment.

Personal exercise training prescription, receive a functional and realistic
exercise prescription by an experienced fitness specialist. Contact:
925-798-9401 for fees and information.

JOHN MUIR WOMEN'S HEALTH CENTER

Offers the following health events, 1656 N. California Blvd., Walnut Creek:

Breast in the Best, 10 a.m.-noon Wednesdays. This weekly drop-in class is for
breast feeding mothers to come for basic education about general feeding,
supplementing, pumping and storing. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Osteoporosis Exercise, 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. For anyone who has been
diagnosed with osteoporosis. Free. Registration: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Post Partum Depression/Anxiety Group, Get help with excessive worries about
yourself or your baby. Call 510-273-9548 for date, times and registration.

First Mondays for Women, Connect with other women on the first Monday of each
month and make new friends. Guest speakers, professional and personal support.
$10 per evening. Times and registration: 925-941-7900.

Yoga for Women, Noon-1 p.m. Tuesdays or 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. $70 for one
month. Registration: 925-942-7900, wwwjohnmuirhealth.com.

JOHN MUIR ELDER CARE SERVICES

Offers the following health events, 1808 Tice Valley Blvd., Walnut Creek:

Hands on Care for Family Caregivers, 9 a.m.-noon Aug. 24. Family members learn
how to give care that protects the care receiver and caregiver. Learn about new
types of equipment, , how to give a bath or shower, special diets and more.
Light refreshments served. Registration: 925-937-2018.

THE WELLNESS COMMUNITY

Offers the following health events, 3276 McNutt Avenue, Walnut Creek:

Newly Diagnosed Breast Cancer Workshop, 10:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. through Oct. 24
Wednesdays. This 16-week group is for women who have just been diagnosed and are
either in treatment or starting treatment. Guest medical experts will present
information to assist in understanding the disease. The group aspect assists you
in finding the tools for coping with the diagnosis and gaining the support of
others who share similar experiences. Free. Registration: 925-933-0107.

Nutrition and Cancer Treatment, 10 a.m.-1 p.m. Aug. 4. Learn to maximize your
nutrition during and after cancer treatment. Facilitated by Tinrin Chew,
oncology dietitian. Free for cancer patients, their families and friends.
Registration: 925-933-0107.

Patient and Healthcare Advocacy, 10 a.m. Aug. 11. Learn how to get the most from
your healthcare team including office visits, helping care providers work
together and resources for dealing with billing and insurance issues. Free.
Registration: 925-933-0107.

Laughter Playshop, 10 a.m. Aug. 25. Laughter has numerous health benefits,
especially for the immune system. Share the benefits of laughter and participate
in simple improvisation exercises to make you laugh. Free for cancer patients,
their family and friends. Registration: 925-933-0107.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 9, 2009 Thursday

Society of female educators celebrates 50 years in Des Moines County

BYLINE: Darcie Hoenig, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 424 words


Apr. 9--WEST BURLINGTON -- A society of women educators is celebrating 50 years
of existence in Des Moines County.

Alpha Iota, the local chapter of Delta Kappa Gamma, was organized April 11,
1959, by 14 local teachers, administrators and community college instructors
interested in promoting the professional and personal growth of women educators
and excellence in education. For the last five decades, the group has striven to
advance women in education, organized charitable projects and provided financial
assistance to women pursuing higher education.

Today, the group funds a yearly scholarship for a Southeastern Community College
student, collects and distributes school supplies to area schools and provides
books for newborns at Great River Medical Center. They also donate tea cups and
toiletries in bags to the local battered women's shelter and provide toys and
books for children at the shelter.

"We give grants to young people who want to become teachers. We develop pride in
being or having been teachers. We make important contributions to others," said
State Membership Chairwoman Pam Wittkamp of Burlington, who spoke at a dinner
Wednesday at Southeastern Community College.

More than 30 of the chapter's 57 active members, which include current and
retired educators from Burlington and the surrounding area, attended the event.
At a meeting before the program, two new members were initiated: Gretchen Lewis,
Burlington, a teacher and librarian at Fort Madison Schools, and Betsy Wolf,
Burlington, an industrial technology teacher at Burlington High School.

In her program, Wittkamp recounted the chapter's founding and organization. When
the chapter first began, they held luncheons at the Hotel Burlington where
members were required to wear hats and gloves, she said.

Wittkamp also encouraged members to continue to be actively involved, especially
since they will be hosting the state convention in Burlington in 2011 when the
Upsilon State (Iowa) celebrates its 75th anniversary.

"Let us start our next 50 years with a commitment to continue the rich tradition
the has made our chapter successful," Wittkamp said.

To see more of The Hawk Eye or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thehawkeye.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090409-QW-Society-of-female-educators-celebrates-50-years-in-Des-Moines-County
-0409

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                                 Copyright 2009


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 20, 2011 Thursday

Community Digest: Fundraiser to launch Antioch after-school martial arts program

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 776 words


ANTIOCH

Fundraiser to launch after-school program

An Antioch martial arts nonprofit group is holding a fundraiser next week to
launch a new after-school program with Antioch High School.

The fundraiser by Affiliated Martial Arts Promoter's Association will be held
from 5 to 8 p.m. Wednesday at Humphreys on the Delta Restaurant, 1 Marina Plaza.
Festivities include a silent auction, karate demonstration and a musical
performance by local band Time Travelers.

The program is free from 3 to 5:15 p.m. weekdays at Antioch High, starting Nov.
1. It is designed to help children, especially those considered at-risk, find a
positive alternative to criminal or negative behavior after school.

The program consists of martial arts training, tutoring and homework help; an
intramural sports program; a financial and business program; and a trades
component that features instruction in computer repair and refurbishing heating
and air conditioning.

For more information, call Tim Calvin at 925-753-1167.

-- Paul Burgarino, Staff

Pittsburg

Kiwanis Club to hold Veterans Day events

The Kiwanis Club is holding a Veterans Day ceremony and pancake breakfast Nov.
11 at the Pittsburg Senior Center, Presidio Drive and Harbor Street.

The pancake breakfast will be from 8 to 10 a.m., with the ceremony beginning at
11.

For more information, call 925-432-9252 or 925-759-3444.

--Rick Radin, Staff

Bay Point

Ambrose District wins youth exercise grant

The Ambrose Recreation and Park District has received a grant from the Los
Medanos Community Healthcare District for a new health care program for
youngsters ages 11 to 17.

The district also is continuing its exercise classes for those 60 and older.

The teen class begins Nov. 15 and will be held from 5:15 to 6 p.m. Tuesday and
Thursday evenings at the Ambrose Community Center, 3105 Willow Pass Road.

For more information, call 925-458-1601.

--Rick Radin, Staff

Pittsburg

Halloween party planned at Small World Park

The city is sponsoring a Halloween Bash and Pumpkin Patch from 12 p.m. to 5 p.m.
on Oct. 30 at Small World Park, 2551 Harbor St.

The park will be decorated, and sponsors encourage visitors to come in costume.
Live music, magic shows, a petting zoo, and a costume parade and contest will be
features. The first 600 children 12 and younger will receive a free pumpkin.

Children 12 and younger will be admitted free with the donation of a canned food
item. All rides and other activities are free. Food and drinks will be available
for purchase.

For more information, call 925-252-4842.

--Rick Radin, Staff

Byron

Middle school presents encore of 'Aladdin Jr.'

Excelsior Middle School presents an encore presentation of its fall show,
"Aladdin Jr.," on Thursday.

The play is being performed to benefit Kaleidoscope, a breast cancer support
group in Byron.

Patrons are asked to donate to the cause that evening; 100 percent of the money
goes to Kaleidoscope.

Also included in the evening will be two doctors speaking about new treatments
and a silent auction. Refreshments will be provided by Epic Care, VPAC and
parents of the cast.

Doors open at 6:30 p.m. for the 7 p.m. musical at the Bryon school, 14499 Byron
Highway.

For more information, call 209-607-0646.

-- Trine Gallegos, Correspondent

Contra Costa

Volunteers sought for county commissions

Contra Costa County supervisors are looking for residents to volunteer for
several committees that will advise them on local government matters.

Open seats are available on:


     ·    The First 5 Contra Costa Children and Families Commission, which meets
          in Concord and will adopt a strategic plan to improve early childhood
          development;



     ·    The Alcohol and Other Drugs Advisory Board, which meets in Martinez
          and assesses needs regarding treatment and prevention of alcohol and
          drug abuse;



     ·    The East Contra Costa Fire District board, which meets in Oakley;



     ·    The Fish and Wildlife Committee, which meets in Martinez and advises
          supervisors on fish and wildlife issues;



     ·    The Countywide Bicycle Advisory Committee, which will meet once a year
          and advise on bicycle projects;



     ·    The Byron, Knightsen town and Bethel Island municipal advisory
          councils;



     ·    The Economic Opportunity Council, which meets in Martinez and reviews
          fiscal and programmatic reports and the performance of Community
          Services Block Grant contractors;



     ·    The Mental Health Commission, which meets in Concord and reviews the
          county's mental health needs, services and facilities.


All candidates must live within the boundaries of the councils and committees.
Applications can be downloaded at http://contra.napanet.net/maddybook and
submitted to the Clerk of the Board's office at 651 Pine St. in Martinez.

For information, call 925-335-1900.

-- Roman Gokhman, Staff

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 20, 2011 Thursday

Community Digest: Fundraiser to launch Antioch after-school martial arts program

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 776 words


ANTIOCH

Fundraiser to launch after-school program

An Antioch martial arts nonprofit group is holding a fundraiser next week to
launch a new after-school program with Antioch High School.

The fundraiser by Affiliated Martial Arts Promoter's Association will be held
from 5 to 8 p.m. Wednesday at Humphreys on the Delta Restaurant, 1 Marina Plaza.
Festivities include a silent auction, karate demonstration and a musical
performance by local band Time Travelers.

The program is free from 3 to 5:15 p.m. weekdays at Antioch High, starting Nov.
1. It is designed to help children, especially those considered at-risk, find a
positive alternative to criminal or negative behavior after school.

The program consists of martial arts training, tutoring and homework help; an
intramural sports program; a financial and business program; and a trades
component that features instruction in computer repair and refurbishing heating
and air conditioning.

For more information, call Tim Calvin at 925-753-1167.

-- Paul Burgarino, Staff

Pittsburg

Kiwanis Club to hold Veterans Day events

The Kiwanis Club is holding a Veterans Day ceremony and pancake breakfast Nov.
11 at the Pittsburg Senior Center, Presidio Drive and Harbor Street.

The pancake breakfast will be from 8 to 10 a.m., with the ceremony beginning at
11.

For more information, call 925-432-9252 or 925-759-3444.

--Rick Radin, Staff

Bay Point

Ambrose District wins youth exercise grant

The Ambrose Recreation and Park District has received a grant from the Los
Medanos Community Healthcare District for a new health care program for
youngsters ages 11 to 17.

The district also is continuing its exercise classes for those 60 and older.

The teen class begins Nov. 15 and will be held from 5:15 to 6 p.m. Tuesday and
Thursday evenings at the Ambrose Community Center, 3105 Willow Pass Road.

For more information, call 925-458-1601.

--Rick Radin, Staff

Pittsburg

Halloween party planned at Small World Park

The city is sponsoring a Halloween Bash and Pumpkin Patch from 12 p.m. to 5 p.m.
on Oct. 30 at Small World Park, 2551 Harbor St.

The park will be decorated, and sponsors encourage visitors to come in costume.
Live music, magic shows, a petting zoo, and a costume parade and contest will be
features. The first 600 children 12 and younger will receive a free pumpkin.

Children 12 and younger will be admitted free with the donation of a canned food
item. All rides and other activities are free. Food and drinks will be available
for purchase.

For more information, call 925-252-4842.

--Rick Radin, Staff

Byron

Middle school presents encore of 'Aladdin Jr.'

Excelsior Middle School presents an encore presentation of its fall show,
"Aladdin Jr.," on Thursday.

The play is being performed to benefit Kaleidoscope, a breast cancer support
group in Byron.

Patrons are asked to donate to the cause that evening; 100 percent of the money
goes to Kaleidoscope.

Also included in the evening will be two doctors speaking about new treatments
and a silent auction. Refreshments will be provided by Epic Care, VPAC and
parents of the cast.

Doors open at 6:30 p.m. for the 7 p.m. musical at the Bryon school, 14499 Byron
Highway.

For more information, call 209-607-0646.

-- Trine Gallegos, Correspondent

Contra Costa

Volunteers sought for county commissions

Contra Costa County supervisors are looking for residents to volunteer for
several committees that will advise them on local government matters.

Open seats are available on:


     ·    The First 5 Contra Costa Children and Families Commission, which meets
          in Concord and will adopt a strategic plan to improve early childhood
          development;



     ·    The Alcohol and Other Drugs Advisory Board, which meets in Martinez
          and assesses needs regarding treatment and prevention of alcohol and
          drug abuse;



     ·    The East Contra Costa Fire District board, which meets in Oakley;



     ·    The Fish and Wildlife Committee, which meets in Martinez and advises
          supervisors on fish and wildlife issues;



     ·    The Countywide Bicycle Advisory Committee, which will meet once a year
          and advise on bicycle projects;



     ·    The Byron, Knightsen town and Bethel Island municipal advisory
          councils;



     ·    The Economic Opportunity Council, which meets in Martinez and reviews
          fiscal and programmatic reports and the performance of Community
          Services Block Grant contractors;



     ·    The Mental Health Commission, which meets in Concord and reviews the
          county's mental health needs, services and facilities.


All candidates must live within the boundaries of the councils and committees.
Applications can be downloaded at http://contra.napanet.net/maddybook and
submitted to the Clerk of the Board's office at 651 Pine St. in Martinez.

For information, call 925-335-1900.

-- Roman Gokhman, Staff

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                               September 22, 2001

Congress agrees $ 15bn package for crisis-torn aviation industry

BYLINE: By CONOR O'CLERY, International Business Editor

SECTION: CITY EDITION; BUSINESS & FINANCE; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 628 words

DATELINE: WALL STREET


The US Congress agreed in principle yesterday to a White House request for a $
15 billion ( EUR 16.4 billion) package to bolster the airline industry as some
leading airlines struggle to survive following last week's terrorist attacks.
The airlines had sought $ 24 billion.

The progress of the emergency measure through the Senate and House of
Representatives yesterday was delayed, however, as Democratic leaders protested
that it contained no provisions for the 100,000 workers expected to be laid off
as airlines cut services and routes, or other affected industries such as hotels
and restaurants.

Some key Republicans were also unhappy with provisions that would limit the
liability of American Airlines and United Airlines for the death and destruction
on the ground caused by the attacks using their hijacked aircraft. The Bill
would allow victims and their relatives to seek compensatory damages for lost
wages, health bills, pain and suffering but would bar punitive damages.

The legislation is likely to include some limitation on the huge legal liability
facing the industry, including a proposal that would ensure that the government
shoulders a portion of the costs of payments to victims in return for airlines
keeping some unprofitable rural routes open. Airlines face a huge increase in
insurance premiums and reduced coverage from insurance companies. The plan would
also create a government-supported "relief fund" through which victims and their
families could receive payments if they do not sue the airlines.

The White House is also suggesting that government become the nation's insurer
of last resort. This "terror insurance" could be extended to other industries.
The draft bill would provide the "war risk" insurance for the next six months
for domestic flights that would not otherwise be available. Without it, airline
executives warned that planes would have to be grounded.

The relief plan for the airlines includes $ 5 billion in direct grants over the
next nine months and $ 10 billion in loan guarantees. It was agreed after a
late-night negotiating session on Thursday involving Democrat and Republican
leaders and White House officials after President George W Bush's address to the
joint houses. Mr Bush promised in his address that "we will come together to
promote stability and keep our airlines flying with direct assistance during
this emergency". Democrat Senator Edward Kennedy and House Democrat Majority
leader Richard Gephardt sought provision for worker retraining, job assistance
and continued access to healthcare for workers laid off.

Another concern expressed by some senators was that the aid package should not
be used to prop up airlines that were failing before September 11th.

The White House and Congress have also agreed to use $ 3 billion from an earlier
$ 40 billion disaster package to help cover the costs of tighter aviation
security.

The urgency of the measure was underlined by the investment firm Morgan Stanley
which wrote to US Treasury Secretary Paul O'Neill to warn there would be no
functioning capital markets for the airline industry unless the government
provided "relief from what would surely be bankruptcy-inducing liability claims
against carriers for collateral damage and loss of life" from the attacks.

Delta Air Lines director of risk management, Mr Chris Duncan, told the Wall
Street Journal that last year Delta paid $ 1 million to $ 2 million for the
portion of its insurance that covers war and terrorism risks. Based on a
proposed new surcharge of $ 1.25 a passenger, Delta would have shelled out $ 148
million for such coverage, based on carrying 119 million passengers. "We don't
have that kind of money for the insurance," Mr Duncan said.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2001 The Irish Times


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              June 11, 2012 Monday

United States : An Epidemiologic Study of Time Trends and Health Effects of
Persistent Organic Pollutants, Mercury and Micronutrients

LENGTH: 356  words


Project Period:   June 1, 2009 through May 31, 2013
Project Amount:  $948,121
RFA:  Issues in Tribal Environmental Research and Health Promotion: Novel
Approaches for Assessing and Managing Cumulative Risks and Impacts of Global
Climate Change (2007)


Research Category: Environmental Justice , Tribal Environmental Health Research
, Global Climate Change
EPA Grant Number: R833705
Project Details :  An Epidemiologic Study of Time Trends and Health Effects of
Persistent Organic Pollutants, Mercury and Micronutrients
Description: This research will address cumulative exposure to multiple
environmental stressors in rural Yupik Alaska Natives (AN). The stressors to be
investigated are anthropogenic persistent organic pollutants (POPs) and mercury
(Hg), accumulated in pregnant Yupik residents through ingestion of traditional
subsistence wildlife species, particularly salmon and seals.
This set of stressors may be associated with adverse health outcomes, but the
threat of illness caused by the traditional foods that have sustained the Yupik
people for thousands of years, and which form a central part of the culture is
very threatening to the Yupik worldview.
This has caused some Yupik residents of the Yukon-Kuskokwim River Delta (YKD) to
decrease the use of traditional marine subsistence species, and increase western
foods where possible, and particularly high sugar and fat containing choices,
such as soft drinks, chips, and solid shortening agents.
The concern with safety of traditional foods caused the Alaska Native Tribal
Health Consortium (ANTHC) and the Yukon-Kuskokwim Health Corporation (YKHC), the
tribal health organizations responsible for health care in the YKD, to initiate
a pilot study of maternal and newborn blood levels of POPs, metals, and
micronutrients (CDC protocol 2320) starting in 1999.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) carried out a study in 2001, to
determine tissue levels of POPs, heavy metals, omega-3 fatty acids, and selenium
in the two most commonly consumed salmon species in the Kuskokwim and Yukon
Rivers, which are the drainage for the entire YKD.

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2012 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             August 19, 2007 Sunday

Dental services will be expanded

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 791 words


By Jim McLean

KHI NEWS SERVICE

The state and five private foundations are teaming to provide nearly $2.5
million to expand dental services to low-income Kansans served by a network of
safety-net clinics.

State and foundation officials at a Friday news conference announced the money
will be used to continue the building of dental "hubs" at eight clinics across
the state. In addition to providing on-site care, the hubs are designed to
provide care to low-income children and adults in a variety of outside settings,
including schools, child-care centers and senior centers.

"This will allow us to expand our scope and to go to where the needs are," said
Kathy Hunt, a dental hygienist who provides services through Topeka's Marian
Clinic and the Community Health Ministry in Wamego. "I think we're going to find
a lot more need out there."

Laws governing what hygienists can do have been expanded in recent years to
allow them to provide some basic services outside of traditional dentist
offices. Hunt and others who have qualified for extended practice licenses
perform exams, clean teeth and apply fluoride varnish to prevent cavities. Their
work is reviewed by dentists.

The so-called "hub-and-spoke" model is designed to provide care to low-income
individuals who don't live near a dentist or who are refused treatment because
they are either Medicaid beneficiaries or uninsured. Only about 40 percent of
Kansas dentists treat individuals enrolled in Medicaid or the State Children's
Health Insurance Program, which provides coverage to children in families that
earn too much to qualify for Medicaid but too little to afford private
insurance.

The eight clinics chosen to receive dental hub grants are the Marian Clinic, of
Topeka, $613,000; the Flint Hills Community Health Center, of Emporia, $649,000;
the United Methodist Mexican-American Ministry, of Garden City, $550,000; the
Community Health Center of Southeast Kansas, of Pittsburg, $200,000; the Hunter
Health Clinic, of Wichita, $75,000; GraceMed Health Clinic, of Wichita, $75,000;
Salina Family Health Care Center, $50,000; and, the Konza Prairie Community
Health Center, of Junction City, $50,000.

The foundations are providing an additional $200,000 for training and to help
clinic officials administer the programs. The foundations are the United
Methodist Health Ministry Fund, Hutchinson; the Sunflower Foundation: Health
Care for Kansans, Topeka; the REACH Healthcare Foundation, Merriam; the Delta
Dental Foundation, Overland Park; and the Walter S. and Evan C. Jones
Testamentary Trust, Emporia.

In addition to the nearly $2 million provided by the foundations, the
Legislature recently appropriated $500,000 for the dental hubs project. That
money is awarded to the clinics by the Kansas Department of Health and
Environment.

Anthony Wellever, interim executive director of the Kansas Association for the
Medically Underserved, which counts safety net clinics among its members, said
the need for oral health services among low-income Kansans is great.

"With more than 80 percent of Kansas counties identified as underserved for oral
health and approximately 300,000 uninsured individuals in the state, there is a
critical need for this creative and collaborative approach to expanding oral
health services," Wellever said.

A 2005 report by the Kansas Health Institute said more than 40 percent of Kansas
adults with family incomes of less than $25,000 hadn't visited a dentist in more
than a year. The report also found that 13 percent of adults in the
under-$25,000 income category had lost all their teeth.

Kim Moore, president of the United Methodist Health Ministry Fund, said he is
tired of regularly receiving calls from desperate people who live 100 miles or
more from a place where they can get affordable dental care.

"The vision here today is to change that," Moore said. "We can. We know we can."

The dental hub at the Community Health Center of Southeast Kansas is an example
of what is possible. In recent years the center has expanded from a one-chair
operation that served patients one day a week to a 12-chair facility staffed by
three dentists and three dental hygienists operating five days a week. So far
this year, about 9,000 people from 26 Kansas counties have received care at the
clinic, said Krista Postai, the center's chief executive officer.

"Our dream was to create a community where a child with dental decay was the
exception and not the expectation," said Postai, adding that the center has new
clinics scheduled to open in Columbus and the Galena-Baxter Springs area.

Jim McLean is a staff writer for KHI News Service, which specializes in coverage
of health issues facing Kansans. He can be reached at jmclean@khi.org or at
(785)

233-5443, ext. 110.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            January 7, 2016 Thursday

California budget: Gov. Jerry Brown's plan includes framework for deal on health
plan tax

BYLINE: By Jessica Calefati, Josh Richman, Paul Rogers and Tracy Seipel Staff
writers

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; News; Local; Business

LENGTH: 1609 words


SACRAMENTO -- With years of budget woes fading in the rear view mirror and a few
billion extra dollars padding state coffers, Gov. Jerry Brown unveiled his first
draft of the next state budget Thursday morning -- including the framework of a
new tax on managed health care plans that will prevent a cutoff of federal
funds.

Still preaching fiscal restraint and prudence, Brown pitched a $122.6 billion
general-fund budget plan that he says makes significant increases in funding for
education, health care and state infrastructure, while also bolstering the
state's rainy-day fund and continuing to pay down state debts and liabilities.

"This budget, relative to the budgets of the last decade and a half, is in good
shape," Brown told reporters at a news conference in the state Capitol.

The governor pitched a proposal for the new managed health care plan tax after
several months of negotiations with health insurers, some of whom had not been
taxed in this manner before and initially balked at the idea, two Capitol
sources close to the talks said. The tax structure California uses now must be
phased out by the end of the fiscal year because it doesn't comply with new
Obama administration rules that dictate how health care plans may be taxed by
the states.

Currently, the state taxes only plans that accept Medi-Cal patients and uses all
the money it collects to help finance the health insurance program for
low-income Californians, which now covers one-third of the state's residents
after it was greatly expanded under the Affordable Care Act. The new tax must
hit all plans whether they accept Medi-Cal patients or not. Brown last year
called a special session on health care funding and urged the Legislature to
tackle the problem, but lawmakers failed to act by the end of last year's
legislative session.

Brown's proposal provides a net reduction in taxes paid by the private health
care industry, secures funding for general fund Medi-Cal expenses, and provides
an opportunity for targeted rate increases for developmental disability
services.

Brown said he wants this tax formula set within a month or so, but for now
"there's no deal -- there are some ideas, understanding of a very complex way to
help California at no cost, and we are inviting people to help us accomplish
that."

The budget proposal Brown unveiled Thursday is his long-range plan. As the
state's revenue and spending picture becomes clearer, he'll develop a revised
plan to roll out in May. The Legislature will then have until June 15 -- a
deadline set by the state constitution -- to negotiate and pass the budget.

Brown's budget deposits another $2 billion into the state's rainy day fund,
boosting it to 65 percent of its constitutionally set target.

The budget plan boosts school spending per student to $10,591 in 2016-17 -- an
increase of nearly $3,600 compared to 2011-12. Brown also proposes a $1.6
billion early education block grant that combines three existing programs to
promote local flexibility, focusing on disadvantaged students and improved
accountability.

The budget also includes the governor's transportation package, first outlined
last summer, to provide $36 billion over the next decade to improve upkeep of
the state's crumbling highways and roads, expand public transit and improve
trade routes. There's another $807 million -- of which $500 million comes from
the general fund -- for critical backlogged maintenance.

The environmental centerpiece of Brown's budget is his plan to spend $3.1
billion from fees collected on big polluters under the state's cap-and-trade
program to curb greenhouse gas emissions.

Brown proposed spending $500 million of that money on his controversial
high-speed rail plan; another $500 million for low-carbon fuel programs, such as
rebates for people who buy electric cars, hybrid trucks and zero"'emission
trucks and buses; $400 million for urban rail programs, and $150 million to
remove and replace many of the 22 million trees across the Sierra and other
rural parts of California that have died during the drought.

Other programs he proposed funding from cap-and-trade fees would boost renewable
energy, restore wetlands, and pay for energy efficiency and weatherization of
state buildings.

California's four-year drought also received attention. The governor unveiled a
plan to spend $323 million on drought relief. Among the priorities: spending $77
million for beefing up firefighting crews and equipment, $42 million for
building rock barriers in the Delta to limit encroachment of salinity into water
supplies, $30 million to fund rebates for people who buy water-efficient toilets
and appliances and $26 million to assist unemployed farmworkers with food aid
and other relief.

"The world is expensive, and drought and climate change are part of the future,"
Brown said, "so I wouldn't be surprised if those costs continue to rise."

Brown also proposed spending $100 million in bond funding to shore up Delta
levees and $60 million to pay down deferred maintenance at state parks, such as
repaving roads, fixing roofs and modernizing campgrounds.

The governor's plan reflects the increase of the state's minimum wage to $10 per
hour, effective Jan. 1. Some Democrats are already pushing for an increase to
$15 per hour.

Asked whether he would support or oppose a ballot measure to that effect, Brown
replied that raising the minimum wage further "has to be done very carefully; it
has to be done over time" and take economic conditions into account.

The budget proposal provides $380 million for the second year of the state's
Earned Income Tax Credit, which helps the state's poorest working families, as
well the first cost-of-living increases since 2006 for aged, blind and disabled
Californians in the Supplemental Security Income/State Supplemental Payment
program.

But despite all this budgetary largesse, Brown cautioned that too much more
permanent spending, combined with another recession, would be devastating -- a
scenario that could plunge the state back into deficits ranging up to $43
billion within a few years.

"We've had 10 recessions since World War II -- we know we'll get another
recession, but nobody ever plans for it," Brown said, noting that he instructed
his Finance Department to model projections for an average-sized recession in
the next few years.

Brown previously has said Proposition 30 -- a temporary increase in income taxes
for the wealthiest Californians and sales taxes, which has brought the state's
public-school funding roaring back from deep cuts -- should be allowed to
expire. Two coalitions -- one of labor unions, the other of health and
children's advocacy groups -- each have proposed ballot measures to extend the
tax hikes anyway.

Brown avoided answering Thursday whether he would actively oppose such a
measure.

A year ago, Brown's budget proposal put him at odds with University of
California President Janet Napolitano, who said the state wasn't funding the UC
system adequately and tuition hikes would be needed. But the deal for additional
funding that Brown and Napolitano struck last May holds UC tuition steady
through the 2016-17 budget year, so that won't be a bone of contention in the
next few months.

But as usual, Brown can expect pushback on his plan from Democrats in the
Legislature who want to go further in restoring deep cuts made to health, social
services, education and other areas during California's red-ink years.

State Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leon, D-Los Angeles, issued a statement
saying Brown's plan "espouses a clear-eyed focus in maintaining California's
fiscal stability and I will continue being a partner in this endeavor. We can do
this without having to overlook critical investments that steer the future of
the state and lift our most vulnerable citizens.

"This budget reflects historic investments in our children's education that will
make a tremendous difference," de Leon added. "But we still have to take a
closer look at strengthening our health care system for the poor and
developmentally disabled that has been starved for far too long."

Assembly Republican Leader Chad Mayes, R-Yucca Valley, issued a statement saying
that having additional money is good news but the state should not spend it as
if it will reappear every year.

"We've made this mistake before," he said. "Democrats should pay attention to
the legislative analyst and Gov. Brown's warnings about overspending, and
balance the need to invest in critical infrastructure projects to improve our
roads, schools and dams with one-time money. These investments will benefit us
for generations.

"Additionally, we must pay attention to those left behind by an economic
recovery that has largely benefitted the wealthy," Mayes continued. "Assembly
Republicans will be focused on restoring California's middle class and providing
opportunities for those trapped in the cycle of poverty. This starts by making
sure that such programs are effective and run efficiently. It's time to invest
in people and infrastructure to build a stronger California."

Transportation infrastructure was sure to have a prominent place in this year's
budget plan. Brown called a special legislative session last year to address the
state's crumbling roads and bridges -- a $59 billion maintenance backlog. He
later pitched a plan for $3.6 billion per year in repairs, funded in part by a
$65 annual fee for drivers as well as an 11-cent diesel tax increase and a
6-cent gas tax increase. Republicans had balked at the taxes and fees.

Follow Josh Richman at Twitter.com/Josh_Richman . Follow Jessica Calefati at
Twitter.com/Calefati . Read the Political Blotter at IBAbuzz.com/politics .

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            January 7, 2016 Thursday

California budget: Gov. Jerry Brown's plan includes framework for deal on health
plan tax

BYLINE: By Jessica Calefati, Josh Richman, Paul Rogers and Tracy Seipel Staff
writers

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; News; Local; Business

LENGTH: 1609 words


SACRAMENTO -- With years of budget woes fading in the rear view mirror and a few
billion extra dollars padding state coffers, Gov. Jerry Brown unveiled his first
draft of the next state budget Thursday morning -- including the framework of a
new tax on managed health care plans that will prevent a cutoff of federal
funds.

Still preaching fiscal restraint and prudence, Brown pitched a $122.6 billion
general-fund budget plan that he says makes significant increases in funding for
education, health care and state infrastructure, while also bolstering the
state's rainy-day fund and continuing to pay down state debts and liabilities.

"This budget, relative to the budgets of the last decade and a half, is in good
shape," Brown told reporters at a news conference in the state Capitol.

The governor pitched a proposal for the new managed health care plan tax after
several months of negotiations with health insurers, some of whom had not been
taxed in this manner before and initially balked at the idea, two Capitol
sources close to the talks said. The tax structure California uses now must be
phased out by the end of the fiscal year because it doesn't comply with new
Obama administration rules that dictate how health care plans may be taxed by
the states.

Currently, the state taxes only plans that accept Medi-Cal patients and uses all
the money it collects to help finance the health insurance program for
low-income Californians, which now covers one-third of the state's residents
after it was greatly expanded under the Affordable Care Act. The new tax must
hit all plans whether they accept Medi-Cal patients or not. Brown last year
called a special session on health care funding and urged the Legislature to
tackle the problem, but lawmakers failed to act by the end of last year's
legislative session.

Brown's proposal provides a net reduction in taxes paid by the private health
care industry, secures funding for general fund Medi-Cal expenses, and provides
an opportunity for targeted rate increases for developmental disability
services.

Brown said he wants this tax formula set within a month or so, but for now
"there's no deal -- there are some ideas, understanding of a very complex way to
help California at no cost, and we are inviting people to help us accomplish
that."

The budget proposal Brown unveiled Thursday is his long-range plan. As the
state's revenue and spending picture becomes clearer, he'll develop a revised
plan to roll out in May. The Legislature will then have until June 15 -- a
deadline set by the state constitution -- to negotiate and pass the budget.

Brown's budget deposits another $2 billion into the state's rainy day fund,
boosting it to 65 percent of its constitutionally set target.

The budget plan boosts school spending per student to $10,591 in 2016-17 -- an
increase of nearly $3,600 compared to 2011-12. Brown also proposes a $1.6
billion early education block grant that combines three existing programs to
promote local flexibility, focusing on disadvantaged students and improved
accountability.

The budget also includes the governor's transportation package, first outlined
last summer, to provide $36 billion over the next decade to improve upkeep of
the state's crumbling highways and roads, expand public transit and improve
trade routes. There's another $807 million -- of which $500 million comes from
the general fund -- for critical backlogged maintenance.

The environmental centerpiece of Brown's budget is his plan to spend $3.1
billion from fees collected on big polluters under the state's cap-and-trade
program to curb greenhouse gas emissions.

Brown proposed spending $500 million of that money on his controversial
high-speed rail plan; another $500 million for low-carbon fuel programs, such as
rebates for people who buy electric cars, hybrid trucks and zero"'emission
trucks and buses; $400 million for urban rail programs, and $150 million to
remove and replace many of the 22 million trees across the Sierra and other
rural parts of California that have died during the drought.

Other programs he proposed funding from cap-and-trade fees would boost renewable
energy, restore wetlands, and pay for energy efficiency and weatherization of
state buildings.

California's four-year drought also received attention. The governor unveiled a
plan to spend $323 million on drought relief. Among the priorities: spending $77
million for beefing up firefighting crews and equipment, $42 million for
building rock barriers in the Delta to limit encroachment of salinity into water
supplies, $30 million to fund rebates for people who buy water-efficient toilets
and appliances and $26 million to assist unemployed farmworkers with food aid
and other relief.

"The world is expensive, and drought and climate change are part of the future,"
Brown said, "so I wouldn't be surprised if those costs continue to rise."

Brown also proposed spending $100 million in bond funding to shore up Delta
levees and $60 million to pay down deferred maintenance at state parks, such as
repaving roads, fixing roofs and modernizing campgrounds.

The governor's plan reflects the increase of the state's minimum wage to $10 per
hour, effective Jan. 1. Some Democrats are already pushing for an increase to
$15 per hour.

Asked whether he would support or oppose a ballot measure to that effect, Brown
replied that raising the minimum wage further "has to be done very carefully; it
has to be done over time" and take economic conditions into account.

The budget proposal provides $380 million for the second year of the state's
Earned Income Tax Credit, which helps the state's poorest working families, as
well the first cost-of-living increases since 2006 for aged, blind and disabled
Californians in the Supplemental Security Income/State Supplemental Payment
program.

But despite all this budgetary largesse, Brown cautioned that too much more
permanent spending, combined with another recession, would be devastating -- a
scenario that could plunge the state back into deficits ranging up to $43
billion within a few years.

"We've had 10 recessions since World War II -- we know we'll get another
recession, but nobody ever plans for it," Brown said, noting that he instructed
his Finance Department to model projections for an average-sized recession in
the next few years.

Brown previously has said Proposition 30 -- a temporary increase in income taxes
for the wealthiest Californians and sales taxes, which has brought the state's
public-school funding roaring back from deep cuts -- should be allowed to
expire. Two coalitions -- one of labor unions, the other of health and
children's advocacy groups -- each have proposed ballot measures to extend the
tax hikes anyway.

Brown avoided answering Thursday whether he would actively oppose such a
measure.

A year ago, Brown's budget proposal put him at odds with University of
California President Janet Napolitano, who said the state wasn't funding the UC
system adequately and tuition hikes would be needed. But the deal for additional
funding that Brown and Napolitano struck last May holds UC tuition steady
through the 2016-17 budget year, so that won't be a bone of contention in the
next few months.

But as usual, Brown can expect pushback on his plan from Democrats in the
Legislature who want to go further in restoring deep cuts made to health, social
services, education and other areas during California's red-ink years.

State Senate President Pro Tem Kevin de Leon, D-Los Angeles, issued a statement
saying Brown's plan "espouses a clear-eyed focus in maintaining California's
fiscal stability and I will continue being a partner in this endeavor. We can do
this without having to overlook critical investments that steer the future of
the state and lift our most vulnerable citizens.

"This budget reflects historic investments in our children's education that will
make a tremendous difference," de Leon added. "But we still have to take a
closer look at strengthening our health care system for the poor and
developmentally disabled that has been starved for far too long."

Assembly Republican Leader Chad Mayes, R-Yucca Valley, issued a statement saying
that having additional money is good news but the state should not spend it as
if it will reappear every year.

"We've made this mistake before," he said. "Democrats should pay attention to
the legislative analyst and Gov. Brown's warnings about overspending, and
balance the need to invest in critical infrastructure projects to improve our
roads, schools and dams with one-time money. These investments will benefit us
for generations.

"Additionally, we must pay attention to those left behind by an economic
recovery that has largely benefitted the wealthy," Mayes continued. "Assembly
Republicans will be focused on restoring California's middle class and providing
opportunities for those trapped in the cycle of poverty. This starts by making
sure that such programs are effective and run efficiently. It's time to invest
in people and infrastructure to build a stronger California."

Transportation infrastructure was sure to have a prominent place in this year's
budget plan. Brown called a special legislative session last year to address the
state's crumbling roads and bridges -- a $59 billion maintenance backlog. He
later pitched a plan for $3.6 billion per year in repairs, funded in part by a
$65 annual fee for drivers as well as an 11-cent diesel tax increase and a
6-cent gas tax increase. Republicans had balked at the taxes and fees.

Follow Josh Richman at Twitter.com/Josh_Richman . Follow Jessica Calefati at
Twitter.com/Calefati . Read the Political Blotter at IBAbuzz.com/politics .

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                          September 5, 2012 Wednesday

Husch Blackwell hires recent law school grads for Missouri offices

BYLINE: Missouri Lawyers Media Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 420  words


Husch Blackwell has hired nine recent law school graduates to work in its
Missouri offices in Jefferson City, Kansas City and St. Louis.

Emily M. Park joins the firm's healthcare group. She received her J.D. from the
University of Missouri School of Law (2012) and her B.A., summa cum laude, in
criminal justice administration with minors in English and legal studies from
Columbia College (2008) in Jefferson City.

Andrew T. Bergman joins the firm's corporate group. He received his J.D. from
the University of Kansas School of Law (2012) and served as a staff member of
the University of Kansas Law Review. Bergman also received two undergraduate
degrees from the University of Kansas (2009) -- a B.A., with distinction, in
political science and a B.S., with distinction, in management and leadership.

Robert J. Rojas joins the firm's labor & employment group. He received his J.D.
from the Washburn University School of Law (2012) in Topeka, Kan.

Ingrid M. Wong joins the firm's insolvency group. She received her J.D. from the
University of Kansas School of Law (2012), where she received the Enos Hook and
the Harriet and Mancel Mitchell academic scholarships, was a staff member of the
University of Kansas Law Review, and participated in the moot court competition.

Andrew R. Meyer joins the firm's real estate & development group. He received
his J.D. from the Washington University School of Law (2012) in St. Louis, where
he earned a CALI Excellence for the Future Award and was a member of Phi Alpha
Delta Law Fraternity, International.

Sandra S. Oh joins the firm's product liability group. She received her J.D.
from the Washington University School of Law (2012) in St. Louis.

Mikela T. Sutrina joins the firm's labor & employment group. She received her
J.D. from the Washington University School of Law (2012) in St. Louis, where she
recently won the National Appellate Advocacy Moot Court Competition.

Noah C. Thomas joins the firm's toxic tort group. He received his J.D. from the
Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law (2012) and his B.A., magna
cum laude, in history and English from Saint Louis University (2008).

Andrew J. Weissler (A.J.) joins the firm's Business Litigation group. He
received his J.D. from Notre Dame Law School (2011) and his B.A. in English from
Yale University (2005). Throughout law school, Weissler was a research assistant
for Professor James H. Seckinger and at Yale, his activities included being
president of Pop: Midwestern Pride and editor of the Yale Angler's Journal.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Personnel or management changes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            October 17, 2004 Sunday
                                Georgia Edition

Gay marriage ban: crucial or cruel?;
Anti-gay ban: Endangering rights beyond marriage

BYLINE: BRIAN BASINGER, The Times-Union

SECTION: NATIONAL INTERNATIONAL; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 1229 words


AMENDMENT 1

ON THE NOV. 2 BALLOT

"Shall the Constitution be amended so as to provide that this state shall
recognize as marriage only the union of man and woman?"

Full text: "Recognition of marriage. (A) This state shall recognize as marriage
only the union of man and woman. Marriages between persons of the same sex are
prohibited in this state. (B) No union between persons of the same sex shall be
recognized by this state as entitled to the benefits of marriage. This state
shall not give effect to any public act, record, or judicial proceeding of any
other state or jurisdiction respecting a relationship between persons of the
same sex that is treated as a marriage under the laws of such other state or
jurisdiction. The courts of this state shall have no jurisdiction to grant a
divorce or separate maintenance with respect to any such relationship or
otherwise to consider or rule on any of the parties' respective rights arising
as a result of or in connection with such relationship."

SAVANNAH -- When Lori Faulk thinks about the proposed constitutional ban on gay
marriage set to go before Georgia voters next month, her first thoughts aren't
about standing one day in a white dress with her female partner of five years
and being joined in matrimony.

After all, gay marriage is already illegal in Georgia and the amendment on the
Nov. 2 ballot would only strengthen that ban if passed, or leave it unchanged if
it fails.

Instead, the 38-year-old sign-language instructor from Garden City worries that
if voters approve the referendum, she might also lose the health-care coverage
she receives from her partner's employer, a private hotel firm based in
Savannah.

Faulk attributes her fears to the fact that state voters won't actually see all
of the amendment when they show up to the polls on Election Day. What will
appear on the ballot is a seemingly straightforward question about whether the
Georgia Constitution should be amended to say the state will only recognize
marriages between a man and a woman.

However, if the measure is approved, it would also place in the state
constitution a subsection banning same-sex civil unions and limiting judicial
review of gay unions by state courts. Some observers also warn the amendment
could endanger existing legal contracts and domestic-partner benefits plans
already being used by same-sex couples throughout the state, including
governments in the cities of Atlanta and Decatur, as well as private companies
like Coca-Cola, Delta Airlines and UPS.

"I can't believe how many people don't know," said Faulk, who spends much of her
free time canvassing Savannah-area neighborhoods, telling voters about the
referendum's Section B and how it won't appear on the ballot.

"When I start explaining what the second part of this would do, they say, 'Oh
no, that's wrong,' " said Faulk, discussing the referendum on a recent morning
in a Savannah coffee shop along with her partner, 40-year-old Rhonda Curby. "A
lot of people can't believe this is happening."

Despite assurances from referendum supporters that Section B won't be used to
undo domestic-partner benefits or invalidate private legal contracts, Curby says
she still worries the health-care plan she shares with Faulk could be
jeopardized if the amendment passes.

She points to the line in Section B which says "No union between persons of the
same sex shall be recognized by this state as entitled to the benefits of
marriage."

Curby said she reads those words and thinks, as a same-sex couple, she and Faulk
will no longer be able to share health insurance, create a will or share custody
of an adopted child.

"It's discrimination beyond reason," she said.

However, Sadie Fields, director of the Christian Coalition of Georgia, says such
worries are without merit, arguing the intent of the referendum -- labeled
"Amendment 1" on the ballot -- isn't to dismantle private-employer benefits or
legal contracts between persons of the same gender.

"We have no desire to go into the corporate boardroom and tell someone how to
run their company," said Fields, whose organization has lobbied hard this year
to get the referendum on the ballot. "People are free to love whomever they
choose. They are also free to draw up whatever agreements they want with their
attorney."

Like many advocates of the referendum, Fields says her main goal is to ensure
only couples made up of one man and one woman are entitled to the hundreds of
state and federal benefits that come along with marriage, such as filing joint
tax returns, hospital visitation, inheritance rights and the ability to take
time off from work to care for a sick or injured spouse.

Some of these benefits are already available to gay couples -- they just have to
secure them through legal paperwork, Fields argues.

"If you decide you are going to live your life in a manner that is totally
opposite to what the norm is and what has stood us in good stead for thousands
of years, then I don't think you have any right to expect the same benefits,"
she said.

In Statesboro, longtime partners Fred Richter and Bob Randolph counter Fields'
argument, saying gays and lesbians end up treated as "second-class citizens"
when they are forced to pay for legal services that heterosexual couples receive
after paying a nominal fee for a wedding license.

"I can't buy that when people choose to live in unconventional relationships, be
they gay or not, they should have to go around the block to get next door," said
Richter, a former Georgia Southern University professor of English, who will
celebrate his 29th anniversary with Randolph in January.

Randolph, 48, pointed out that even same-sex couples who have wills and
power-of-attorney agreements in place can still face challenges from family
members who disapprove of gay relationships and want to contest such legal
arrangements.

"You think you're safe with a will, but a will can be contested," said Randolph,
who works in administration at Georgia Southern.

Richter, 61, called the referendum "deceptive" and "unfair," noting that voters
who support civil unions but oppose gay marriage can't vote their conscience
because of the structure of the amendment question.

Beth Littrell, a lawyer for the American Civil Liberties Union of Georgia, said
there is no way for anyone to say accurately how the amendment would be applied
by courts if voters give their approval in the referendum next month.

Whether the amendment would be used solely to block gay marriage and civil
unions, or be extended to invalidate existing domestic-partner benefit plans and
legal documents, is a decision judges will end up making, Littrell said.

"It's impossible to know how it will be interpreted," she said.

State legislative counsel Sewell Brumby, who helped lawmakers craft the
referendum's language last winter, said he is comfortable with what voters will
see on the ballots next month.

"I think that it is appropriately drafted and, in my opinion, is not defective
in any way," he said.

However, Brumby declined to say whether worries over the amendment's potential
effects on wills and domestic-partner plans are warranted.

"I don't know that I would be in a position to comment on that," said Brumby,
the chief legal adviser on the amendment's wording. "There are so many possible
factual variables that I am not sure I could give you a good comment."

brian.basinger@morris.com, (404) 681-1701

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PhotoSee related story: Pro-gay ban: Protecting a foundation of
society, Page A-1
Photo: 1014ATL03-GA-AntiGayBan.jp BRIAN BASINGER/The Times-Union Statesboro
couple Bob Randolph (left) and Fred Richter, who have been together almost 29
years, worry their will and power-of-attorney forms could be invalidated by the
gay marriage referendum.
Photo: 1014ATL01-GA-AntiGayBan.jp BRIAN BASINGER/The Times-Union Lori Faulk
(left) and Rhonda Curby have been passing out fliers around Savannah encouraging
people to vote "no" on the gay marriage referendum.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 The Florida Times-Union


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 11, 2010 Sunday

Rural health care could feel reform pinch

BYLINE: Michael Gibson Morris, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo,
Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 690 words


Apr. 11--When health insurance mandates and expanded Medicaid coverage begin in
2014, it potentially will stretch Mississippi's already-thin net of primary care
providers.

"Only a handful of counties have enough primary care doctors," said Lynne
Cossman, director of the Mississippi Center for Health Workforce and a
researcher and professor at the Mississippi State University Social Science
Research Center. "Half a dozen counties have severe shortages."

Cossman and her summer research associates, Caleb Butts and Nicholas
DiColandrea, analyzed Mississippi's primary care providers and the data from the
first year of Massachusetts' health care program. They determined Mississippi
would need 52 more primary care physicians in rural areas of the state to handle
the extra demand as people take advantage of having health care coverage.

"We're probably not looking at anything that dire," Cossman said, because of
differences between the Massachusetts and national programs and shifts in
populations over the next four years. Also, the researchers were not able to
take into account nurse practitioners who already provide a lot of care in rural
areas.

"We are afforded some time to gear up our health care system," Cossman said.

More metropolitan areas like Jackson, Hattiesburg, Biloxi, Tupelo, Oxford and
Meridian may see little to no impact when it comes to making an appointment with
their primary care doctors.

"The projected need varies dramatically across the state," Cossman said. "The
problems are likely to be in the rural areas, where one new doctor can make a
big difference in the economy and access."

On the ground

No one has to tell Ripley physician Dr. Dwalia South there is a primary care
physician shortage.

"In the 1900s, there were more doctors practicing in Ripley than there are now,"
South said. Of the five doctors practicing in town now, only one is under 40 and
two are over 65.

She agrees with the Health Workforce Study that Ripley could use 11 more primary
care doctors, although she disagrees with their assessment that Benton County is
adequately covered by two part-time physicians.

The long-term solutions are rooted in approaches like the Mississippi Rural
Medical Scholars that nurture interests in science and medicine and provide
scholarships and support to college students.

"We have to grow our own," South said. "Small town people will come back to
small towns."

However, it takes about 10 years to turn a college freshman into a family
medicine, internal medicine or pediatrics practitioner.

In the short term, physicians will look to nurse practitioners, physician's
assistants and others to extend their ability to serve their patients, South
said. However, even as that expands capacity for patients, it increases demands
on the physicians to provide adequate supervision and coordination of care.

The demand for nurse practitioners in private practice could make shortages
worse for hospitals and nursing schools that need graduate-- level nurses to
teach and to lead, South said.

Primary care providers -- which some also expand to include
obstetrician-gynecologists and general surgeons -- are the backbone of a healthy
health care system. Research has shown rich and poor countries with strong
primary care had better-quality medical care and lower costs than others.

The new health care reform law gives these primary care providers -- who
traditionally make much less than specialists -- better reimbursement rates.

Programs like North Mississippi Medical Center Family Medicine Residency Center
have been very successful in increasing the region's primary care capacity,
Cossman said. Efforts are under way to start a similar program in the Delta.

To see more of the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.djournal.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100411-TP-Rural-health-care-could-feel-reform-pinch-0411

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2010 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                             April 16, 1999, FINAL

Bruno's suds live on at Banff Brewery

BYLINE: David Parker, Calgary Herald

SECTION: Business; E1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 606 words


When the takeover of Bow Valley Brewery by Banff Brewery was announced earlier
this year, I was concerned they would cease making the brand named after
mountain man Bruno Engler. He deserves the recognition and it's good beer.

Not to worry -- at the official opening of the newly named Peak Brewing Company
in Canmore on Thursday, president Daniel Zurgilgen announced three specialty
unpasteurized brands. I know my favourite will be Bruno's Dunkel Style Lager.

Master brewer Stefan Buhl's other newly refined creations of existing labels are
Cutthroat German Oktoberfest Beer and Mile 68 Helles Style Lager.

The new board of directors of Peak Brewing, which is listed on the ASE, is
chaired by William Bonner.

Located in TD Square for all of its six years in business, Chase Cattle Company
General Store is expanding into Eau Claire Market.

This weekend, owner Lucy Thomas is opening a second outlet, taking over the mall
entrance shop at Outwest Bar & Grill.

Looks like a great fit, as customers at the popular eatery will have the
opportunity to browse through and buy from Chase Cattle Company's upscale
western wear and home accessories and the market location should also give the
western store more exposure to the tourist trade.

David Lam has been an enthusiastic designer and builder of interiors in Japanese
restaurants for other owners in this city -- tomorrow, he gets to open his own.

His pride and joy is Sushi Ginza, a 110-seat restaurant in Willow Park Village
that he's designed with a garden, bridge, fountain and floating sushi bar.

Individuals or companies involved in any sector of the medical industry should
be attending the upcoming breakfast meeting of Calgary Association for Medical
Products.

Bill Cochrane, one of Calgary's leading-edge authorities on health care, the
health industry and technology commercialization, is speaking April 21 at the
Holiday Inn Downtown on 12th Avenue S.W.

He plans to discuss the future of health care and the opportunities for products
and services nationally and internationally.

I'm wondering what Susan Costello is going to do with all of her free time.

Thanks to management changes that took place over the past few years at the
Calgary Convention & Visitors Bureau, the past-president had to remain on as a
board member for a total of 12 years.

With the election of a new board at Thursday's annual general meeting, she was
able to depart. Thanks for a terrific job.

Couldn't help but notice that three of the newly elected board members manage
downtown hotel properties. Collectively Francisco Gomez, Delta Bow Valley;
Michelle Maskell, Westin Hotel; and Frank Naboulsi, Palliser Hotel, should
provide some interesting input.

You won't have seen much activity as you drive under the train tracks on 1st
Street S.W., but construction will start soon on the Canadian Pacific Railway's
new shelter.

The new housing for the CP fleet of vintage rail cars, stretching from the
Palliser Hotel west to Gulf Canada Square and the 12-metre-high glass rotunda
above the bridge is scheduled for completion in late November.

Applicants for student business loans don't have to line up at a counter at the
Business Development Bank of Canada this year.

Consultant Grant Bruce is running the program and advises me that full-time
students who are looking for up to $3,000 to be used as start-up costs for
entrepreneurial enterprises can access the program through application forms on
the Internet.

That should make some young people happy.

About Town appears Wednesdays and Fridays. David Parker can be reached at
830-4622.


LOAD-DATE: April 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                             October 6, 2003 Monday

What's more important, a pay raise or stable health benefits?

BYLINE: Steve Martin

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


I would say a pay raise is more important because, since I'm self-employed now,
I have my own health benefits and I know that you can go out and get your own
health benefits if what your employer offers is not satisfactory to you. The pay
raise will give you the freedom to purchase the extra health insurance if you
need it.

Saundra McDavid

President

Big Sky Network LLC

Eagle

That's a hard choice, isn't it? I guess my thought processes would be that
they're both important. But I would go for the health issue, just because my
personal expenses have been more this year than usual. Also, I see employers are
raising the deductible and it would be nice to know how you can budget better.
You just don't know what you're going to spend on medical, and the only way you
could predict it is if you knew you were going to break your leg. The whole
medical issue - high deductibles, prescriptions - is out of control.

Barbara McDermott

Financial Services Representative

Washington Trust Bank

Boise

While both are very important, I firmly believe that over time, and in the long
run, stable health benefits are more important. A poor benefits package can end
up costing the employee a tremendous amount. Employees and job candidates want a
good salary, but they also value good benefits. In fact, I know of several
people who aren't too concerned with their salaries, but rather work primarily
for the benefits.

Grant Jones

Director of Development

Idaho Elks Rehabilitation Hospital

Boise

I just went to an SBA discussion this morning and we talked about what small
businesses are really concerned about, including health care. I definitely think
a pay raise and stable health benefits are both important, but I would have to
say stable health benefits would be most important to me. The reason why is
because the cost of benefits is constantly increasing and a lot of times there's
not really any rhyme or reason why.

Because of that, so many people are going without benefits and don't realize how
important they are until some unexpected emergency comes up. With just a pay
raise, you can blow that on nothing.

Katy Janson

Account Representative

Remedy Staffing Services

Boise

For me, I would have to say stable health insurance because with pay raises, you
get those anyway, and health insurance is not something you automatically get.
Health benefits are something you miss more if you don't have them.

Diana Mangeac

Account Executive

Security Funding Home Loans

Eagle

I believe stable health benefits are more important, mainly because with the
cost of the health plans, medical and dental, people can't afford the premiums
on their own. The stable health benefits far outweigh the pay increase.

Carol Bruggenkamp

Sales Representative

Delta Dental Plan of Idaho

Boise

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

New York: Troy '15 Selected for Fulbright

LENGTH: 661  words

DATELINE: Albany


Hobart and William Smith Colleges, The State of New York has issued the
following News release:

Christopher Troy '15 has been selected for the prestigious 2015-16 Fulbright
U.S. Student Award to support an English Teaching Assistantship to Argentina,
giving him an once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to follow his passion for teaching
while at the same time, providing him with an opportunity to pursue a career in
global medicine.

Known for drawing a highly competitive field of applicants, the Fulbright
Program is the U.S. government's flagship international educational exchange
program. This spring, Troy is one of four HWS students who have received
Fulbright awards, including Katherine Cornell '15, Jeanine Cryan '15 and Jordyn
Dezago '15. HWS recently was among the colleges and universities that was
recognized as a top producer of 2013-2014 Fulbright U.S. Students.

"It is a considerable distinction to be selected for a Fulbright grant, one that
I am extremely grateful for," says the chemistry and Spanish double major. "HWS
has a strong history of securing a few Fulbright grants a year, and I am happy
and honored to be in that group."

Troy's interest in Spanish language and Hispanic cultural studies developed at a
young age and continued during an HWS semester in Seville, Spain. Troy says he
chose Argentina due to the connections he's made with Argentines living in the
United States, as well as its location in South America. "It is a region of the
Hispanic world I have not visited and as a student interested in global
medicine, exposure to this part of the world is a valuable experience," he says.

Troy's role as a Teaching Fellow in the chemistry department for the past three
years has allowed him to develop his own teaching philosophy, one he hopes to
apply during his Fulbright experience. "My role is to gently steer each student
to find the solution rather than just providing the answer," he says. "Both the
teacher and student must participate actively, seemingly all for the benefit of
the student, but one cannot teach without learning. The job is difficult but
there is joy for me in the success of each student."

As a supplemental project to his teaching assistantship, Troy hopes to pursue
volunteer opportunities at a medical clinic or other healthcare facility.
"Participating in a healthcare system like Argentina's that is more than
partially government funded, would give invaluable insights into what my own
future might hold as a practicing physician in the United States," he explains.
"Whether or not my pre-med training and job experience can be of use, I am at
least another willing pair of hands, something all healthcare facilities need."

In addition to his role as a Teaching Fellow, Troy is student worker for the
Office of Admissions, president of Theta Delta Chi Fraternity, chair of the
Stewardson Society, a student guide for the Pre-Orientation Adventure Program,
and a member of the Club Ice Hockey Team. He's the 2011-2015 recipient of
Cornelius A. Wood Scholarship for most academically outstanding Hobart student,
winner of the 2014 Eaton-Cross Prize for Excellence in Biology and Chemistry and
has been a member of the Orange Key and Chimera Honor Societies.

After his Fulbright, Troy intends to apply to medical school, and will consider
programs through the U.S. military.

"My professional goal is to become a physician working with children, which is
to say that I want to become a teacher: helping children, especially those
gravely ill, means teaching them in a way they understand, and teaching parents
in a way they understand," he says. "The opportunity of teaching in Argentina
will, I hope, be a benefit to my students. Both of us will gain a better
understanding of the world and its people: a privilege many do not have. I know
it will benefit the children I work with later in my life."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             August 24, 2007 Friday

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: RECORD; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 780  words


American steel

The tragic Minneapolis-St. Paul bridge collapse will doubtless spur plenty of
action on funding inspections and repairs for all our major roads and bridges.
This is appropriate, although a bit late.

When the Interstate Highway legislation enabled us to create the outstanding
road network we now have, a clause was missing - one requiring the use of
U.S.-manufactured materials.

Some suppliers pretended to be manufacturers, as they had been in years past.
But those folks were not manufacturers but brokers peddling
lowest-procurement-cost products.

In contract negotiations, the object is to seek the best price and the best
quality. In the late '40s and early '50s, U.S. Steel developed noncorrosive
construction steel. Why wasn't that used, rather than the crumbling-into-rust
material shown in photos depicting the Minneapolis-St. Paul incident?

The structural steel contract for the World Trade Center in New York was granted
to a low-bidding Japanese firm rather than our own Bethlehem Steel, which
ultimately had to file for bankruptcy as a result.

We need to act on behalf of our own taxpayers to assure the integrity of our own
marketplace.

DAVE ALAND

Annapolis

Health care

Regarding the Walter Williams column headlined "Socialized medicine won't work"
(The Capital, July 30):

The motives of executives of insurance companies, health maintenance
organizations and the like are to maximize profit and minimize cost. To survive,
profit-driven businesses like food markets and computer manufacturers must
deliver products and services that are competitive in price and quality. But the
bottom-line philosophy doesn't work so well in health care.

It is not uncommon for coverage of a procedure to be denied even if a doctor
deems it necessary for the health of the patient. And the decision may be made
by someone who is not even a doctor.

People who have no health coverage go to emergency rooms, which are required to
treat them. This is probably more costly than health insurance.

Newsweek (July 30) reported that "the United States spent 15.3 percent of gross
domestic product on health care (Medicare) for some of us. France spent 10.7
percent and covered everyone." And other European countries with universal
health care spent less than France! Other objections to universal health care
are debunked in that article.

Our government is inefficiently administering Medicare. Efficiently managed
universal coverage via a Medicare-type system might allow extending coverage to
all citizens at reasonable cost, if our inept government would swallow its pride
and see how other countries do it.

There are all manner of subsidies and tax breaks afforded to corporations,
farmers and the dairy industry. So why not help the helpless as well as the
wealthy?

BARRY FLIEDER

Annapolis

Burroughs book

Regarding your article on the newly published book "Close-ups of History: Three
Decades through the Lens of an AP Photographer," edited by Peg Burroughs (The
Sunday Capital, Aug. 12):

While it is certainly true that the book is interesting to people of that
generation, it is a particularly interesting way for the younger generations to
learn about the decades of history from the close of the World War II, during
the presidency of Franklin D. Roosevelt, to the presidency of Gerald Ford - the
period Hank Burroughs covered.

I bought copies for my children and grandchildren.

NATALIE FURTH

West River

Illegal signs

Regarding your Editor's Notebook item on illegal signs (The Capital, Aug. 11)
and a letter on that subject (The Capital, Aug. 15):

You are both correct. This sign mess is out of hand, with no clear solution in
sight.

On June 13, I filed a complaint with the planning and zoning department. After I
had waited 36 days, the illegal sign was still in place. I contacted planning
and zoning again.

The response was that Anne Arundel County has no jurisdiction in the state right
of way. My gosh, almost all of the illegal signs are in the state right of way.

I agree that it's time to get behind a candidate who can handle this mess.

KERRY MUSE

Edgewater

Sorority teachers

A recent Our Legacy column (The Capital, Aug. 9) was a wonderful tribute to the
Phi Delta Kappa Sorority sisters who were also very inspirational, capable and
no-nonsense teachers during the 1950s.

The photograph brought back such vivid memories of a ritual by my mother, Mary
Baden, of preparing her lesson plans and "seat work" for her young students in
the second grade. This she did for 42 years.

The impressive column - written by our former neighbor, Janice Hayes-Williams -
was most heartwarming. I gratefully I salute her and congratulate The Capital
for publishing her column.

BARBARA BADEN

BENTLEY

Baltimore

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2007 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Contra Costa Sun (California)

                    January 31, 2001 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

AUXILIARY VOLUNTEERS ARE RAISING FUNDS TO HELP PREVENT CHILD ABUSE

BYLINE: Paula King

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 02

LENGTH: 725 words


Throughout its 25-year history, the Child Abuse Prevention Council of Contra
Costa County has had to rely on county contracts and grants. The council has had
to juggle fund-raising with the responsibility of providing effective programs
as an independent, non-profit corporation.

Now, a 25-member auxiliary committee has formed in order to relieve the
pressures of fund-raising from the council.

"This is a dream come true for us," says Board of Directors president Diane
Thompson, a Moraga resident. "We would love to count on county funding, but it
has been conditional in the past."

Thompson says the auxiliary is composed of high-energy women with high ideals.
"Being on the board is a full-time job, and it's difficult to fund-raise
effectively. Now we will have more time to think about our programs and put our
energy in that direction," she notes.

A majority of the auxiliary members are from Lamorinda, and Orinda resident
Kelly Bitzer has stepped up as the president.

"We already have a wait list, so many people have offered to volunteer their
time," says Bitzer. "I think people have been so willing to give because of the
council's strong history countywide and its name."

The auxiliary's efforts will benefit the council's programs. According to
Thompson, the biggest and most expensive program is the Baby Bag Project, which
was started in 1997.

The bags are distributed at local hospitals, including Sutter Delta Medical
Center in Antioch, Contra Costa Regional Hospital in Martinez, Doctor's Hospital
in Pinole, Kaiser Permanente's Teen Clinic in Antioch and the Richmond Health
Clinic.

They include information on breast-feeding, child safety, child development,
behavior management and surviving parenthood. The packets are available in
English and Spanish and mention every county agency in existence.

"Parents are guided along during the pregnancy with information on prenatal care
and they're helped throughout the process of labor, but many feel that they need
a parenting class when their child is born," says executive director Carol
Carrillo. "These bags give the family support and act as a parenting and
resource guide. This will help them become stronger families."

Another successful program is the Community Education Program training course,
which welcomes community volunteers. Since its inception in 1987, nurse
practitioners, teachers, social workers and stay-at-home moms have benefited
from the training program on issues related to child abuse and prevention. Once
trained, the volunteers are able to provide more than 100 presentations annually
and educate teachers and community leaders.

"We have received a lot of positive feedback on this program. It has changed
people's lives through education," says Thompson. "Children don't have enough
rights or a voice in our society and we have to help them."

Both of these programs have been very effective as preventative measures.

"In this county, we're really coming full circle with our ideas and focusing on
prevention," says Carrillo. "Prevention is definitely more cost-effective. Like
the health care industry, we are focusing more on prevention and this will be
healthier for families and children and will allow for early-on intervention."

Members of the board are impressed that the auxiliary volunteers have been able
to organize a major fund-raiser in a matter of a few months. The Valentine's
Sweetheart Dance will take place on Friday, Feb. 9, at the Blackhawk Auto Museum
in Danville.

There will be dancing, live music, hors d'oeuvres, a silent auction and raffle.
All proceeds will be donated to the council.

Dance-goers can bid on prizes like round-trip airfare to Hawaii, a trip to the
49er's training camp and a ride on KGO Radio's traffic helicopter.

Several restaurants throughout Lamorinda have donated meals and bottles of wine
as prizes.

The group has also been able to secure several corporate sponsors, including
Coca-Cola, Longs Drugs and Bank of the West.

The auxiliary has started planning for a fund-raising event in April at the Dean
Lesher Regional Center in Walnut Creek and another major fund-raiser in October.

For more information on the auxiliary, call Bitzer at 258-9721. To contact the
Child Abuse Prevention Council or buy tickets for the fund-raiser, call Carrillo
at 946-9961.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo-Orinda resident Kelly Bitzer is the president of the new
auxiliary for the county's Child Abuse Prevention Council. (Kristopher Skinner,
Staff)

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      July 8, 1993, Thursday, City Edition

EMS Division names award recipients

BYLINE: DARRELL CUTSHALL

SECTION: CITY TIMES; GOOD FOR YOU; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 567 words



   Sunstar, Pinellas County Emergency Medical Services has been named Provider
of the Year by the EMS Division, state Department of Health and Rehabilitative
Services. Other state award winners include Nils "Andy" Millergan for
Dispatcher of the Year and Pinellas County resident Trent N. Thomason for
Citizen of the Year. The awards will be presented in Orlando at the July state
EMS Advisory Council meeting.

This year's winners of the county's EMS Professional of the Year awards are
Carl Bottorf for Paramedic of the Year and John F. "Frank" Farris for  Emergency
Medical Technician of the Year.

Bottorf is a paramedic and SWAT team member with Sunstar EMS and a
firefighter/paramedic with the Lealman Fire Department. He is also a  registered
nurse, trauma nurse specialist and critical care specialist and has  taken
numerous courses in tactical rescue practices, including rappelling.  Bottorf
has been recognized for creating dispatch procedures to protect the  safety of
EMS and fire units responding to SWAT operations, coordinating the  first
regional Department of Defense tactical course that was held in Pinellas
County, and he serves as a consultant on tactical EMS issues representing
county EMS.

Farris serves with Dunedin Rescue. He has received numerous letters of
commendation including those from Dunedin and the Clearwater Fire Department.
He is involved in public education programs in the schools where he talks to
children about drunk driving and drugs and provides career talks. He also is
the leader of Boy Scout EMS Explorer Post 914 and is actively involved in
several community projects with the city of Dunedin.

USF geography award recipient

Diane E. Richards, a graduate of the University of South Florida's St.
Petersburg campus and a resident of Pinellas Park, won the Keith Waller
Memorial Award, an annual scholarship that goes to the university's  outstanding
geographer. Richards majored in geography and held a 3.2 overall  grade point
average. She was vice president of the Bayboro Geographic Society,  a campus
organization She is a member of Gamma Theta Upsilon, a national  geography honor
society, and the Golden Key and Omicron Delta Kappa national  honor societies.
She works as a planner for the city of Pinellas Park.

Career Woman of the Year named

Akiko Tanaka of St. Petersburg, co-founder and vice president of Tampa Bay
Research Institute, has been selected as Career Woman of the Year by the
Gayfers Career Club.

Tanaka came to this country from Japan in 1971. She has been affiliated  with
the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill; Rush-Presbyterian/St. Luke
Medical Center and the University of Illinois, Chicago., and the Life Sciences
Research Laboratories in St. Petersburg. She and Dr. Meihan Nonyoma co-founded
the Tampa Bay Research Institute in 1981. Tanaka is credited with securing the
funding of the 33,000 square foot facility that houses the institute completed
in 1983.

This column is published in City Times as space is available. Entries include
St. Petersburg, Pinellas Park, Gulfport, Kenneth City, South Pasadena and the
gulf beaches. If you have good news to share, submit it to Good For You, c/o
St. Petersburg Times, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731. Please include
telephone number and return address.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (2); AKIKO TANAKA, (NA); DIANE E. RICHARDS, (NA)

                            Times Publishing Company


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                January 14, 2008

People

SECTION: PEOPLE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 459 Words


ARCHITECTURE

Janice Purcell to principal, Rossetti, Southfield, from associate.

CONSTRUCTION

Tom Beauchamp to business development manager, JM Olson Corp., St. Clair Shores,
from project superintendent. Also, Richard Towle to superintendent, from land
development manager, Virginia Homes Ltd., Columbus, Ohio.

Vincent DeLeonardis to president, George W. Auch Co., Pontiac, from vice
president, director. Also, Jeffrey Hamilton to vice president, project director,
from project director.

EDUCATION

Eva Feldman to director, A. Alfred Taubman Medical Research Institute,
University of Michigan Medical School, Ann Arbor, continuing as a Taubman
Scholar, the Program for Neurology Research & Discovery, UM Medical School.

Jenny Powell to director of marketing, Wayne State University School of Business
Administration, Detroit, from director of communications, YMCA of Metropolitan
Detroit, Detroit.

FINANCE

Kathy Kay to senior vice president and director of Business Technology Services,
Comerica Inc., Detroit, from director of application development and support,
OnStar, General Motors Corp., Detroit.

David Ruby to associate of investment banking, Beringea L.L.C., Detroit, from
analyst, Plante & Moran Corporate Finance, Chicago.

HEALTH CARE

Veronica Hall to COO, Henry Ford Hospital, Detroit, continuing as chief nursing
officer, Henry Ford Hospital and Health Network, Detroit.

HOSPITALITY

Rebecca Maziarz to catering sales manager, The Westin Book Cadillac Detroit,
Detroit, from catering sales manager, The Ritz-Carlton, Dearborn. Also, Sharonda
Wray to sales manager, from group sales manager, the Westin Detroit Metropolitan
Airport, Romulus.

LAW

John VanOphem to senior attorney, intellectual property practice group, Butzel
Long, Bloomfield Hills, from of counsel, Foley & Lardner L.L.P., Detroit.

MANUFACTURING

Timothy Wadhams to president, Masco Corp., Taylor, continuing as CEO. Also,
Donald DeMarie to COO, from executive vice president.

NONPROFITS

Dawn Magretta to vice president of development and executive director, The Arbor
Hospice Foundation, Ann Arbor, from director of development, Presbyterian
Villages of Michigan Foundation, Southfield.

Lynne Geller to grants and foundation relations manager, Hospice of Michigan,
Detroit, from director of marketing and communications, Wayne State University
School of Business Administration, Detroit.

Mary Anne Parks to director of marketing, Meadow Brook Concours d'Elegance,
Rochester Hills, from director of member services, Troy Chamber of Commerce,
Troy.

REAL ESTATE

John Khami to senior associate, Lee & Associates, Novi, from owner and operator,
Parkwood Properties, Troy.

TECHNOLOGY

James Whalen to national sales manager, Delta Diamond Tools Inc., Southfield,
from sales manager, Regent Stone, Virginia Beach, Va.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Art Credit: Purcell * Kay * Maziarz * Wray

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: db


                      Copyright 2008 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 7, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Bush Plan to Fight Infant Deaths Would Use Money Going to Poor

BYLINE: By ROBERT PEAR, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 1222 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 6


Administration officials told Congress today that they intended to finance a
proposal by President Bush to combat infant mortality in 10 cities by taking
money from other health programs that serve pregnant women, poor children and
the homeless.

In a letter to Congress, Dr. Louis W. Sullivan, Secretary of Health and Human
Services, said the Bush Administration planned to take $24 million from
community health centers and $34 million from the existing Maternal and Child
Health Services Block Grant this year.

For next year, Dr. Sullivan said, the Administration plans to take $33 million
from those two programs and shift it to the 10 cities with high infant
mortality. In addition, the Administration would seek a separate appropriation
of $139 million, for which no source has been specified. New budget procedures
adopted last year set an overall limit on domestic spending, and increases in
one program usually must be offset by cutbacks in others.

By redirecting Federal money to 10 cities with acute needs, the Administration
hopes to "reduce the infant mortality rate in targeted communities by 50
percent," Dr. Sullivan said in his letter, which gave new details of the
proposal mentioned in Mr. Bush's budget. Mr. Bush said the 10 cities would be
chosen from among "cities with exceptionally high rates of infant mortality,"
and while there are some likely choices, the Government has not disclosed the
selection criteria.

No Guarantee of Selection

Washington, Detroit, Philadelphia, Cleveland, Baltimore and Memphis are among
the big cities with high rates, but there is no guarantee they will be selected.

The plan immediately stirred concern among public health experts and state
officials, who said Mr. Bush was taking money from underserved communities to
pay for a high-profile initiative with strong political appeal.

Gov. Lawton Chiles of Florida, chairman of the National Commission to Prevent
Infant Mortality, welcomed Mr. Bush's new attention to the problem of infant
mortality, but said the President was "robbing Peter to pay Paul." Mr. Chiles
has been chairman of the 16-member commission since shortly after its creation
by Congress in 1986.

The Administration's plan contradicts a confidential recommendation from the
White House Task Force on Infant Mortality, which last fall urged Mr. Bush to
increase money for both community health centers and the Maternal and Child
Health Block Grant.

Administration officials said they recognized the merit in that recommendation
but could not immediately find money to carry it out.

Catherine Hess, director of the Association of Maternal and Child Health
Programs, which represents state officials, said the Administration was "taking
funds for this new initiative from existing programs that already serve
low-income pregnant women and infants."

"If infant mortality is such a priority, why not commit new resources to it,
rather than just shifting funds from one program to another?" she asked.

Some Federal health officials said they shared that concern. Others defended Mr.
Bush's proposal as an exercise in setting priorities. "We are in the business of
making tough decisions," said Kevin E. Moley, budget officer for the Department
of Health and Human Services. "We have to make choices between some worthy
projects and some that are more worthy."

In his State of the Union Message on Jan. 29, the President did not specifically
mention infant mortality. But he said: "Good health care is every American's
right and every American's responsibility. And so we are proposing an aggressive
program of new prevention initiatives for infants, for children, for adults and
for the elderly."

By definition, the nation's 550 community health centers care for "medically
underserved populations." They receive Federal money under current law only if
they serve an area with a high infant mortality rate and a high poverty rate.

Administration officials said they had originally considered asking some
community health centers outside the 10 cities to give back some of the money
they have already received, but abandoned that idea as too controversial. The
money Mr. Bush proposes shifting would come from money already appropriated but
not yet disbursed.

Dr. Sullivan said the money could be used to provide prenatal care and to
discourage smoking, drinking and drug abuse by pregnant women.

David R. Hawkins, director of policy analysis at the National Association of
Community Health Centers, said Mr. Bush's plan meant that "a poor sick infant in
Seattle will not get care so that a poor sick infant in another city, like
Chicago, can get care."

What About the Rural Areas?

Lula Clara Dorsey, executive director of the Delta Health Center in Mound Bayou,
Miss., said in a telephone interview: "By targeting 10 cities, you can reduce
infant mortality in those places without a doubt. But what happens to places
like rural Mississippi and rural Alabama that are not on the 10-city list?
Infant mortality will increase in those places."

Governor Chiles, a Democrat, said, "The only difference between the current
apportionment for infant mortality and this budget's new allowance is that
instead of allowing all 50 states to receive their share of the money, now 10
cities must vie for desperately needed funds."

Members of Congress observed similar tradeoffs in other parts of Mr. Bush's
budget request. Representative Sander M. Levin, Democrat of Michigan, said he
was pleased to see that Mr. Bush had sought more money to run the unemployment
insurance program, so people would not have to wait five or six weeks for
benefits. But at the same time, he said, Mr. Bush is trying to eliminate the
trade adjustment assistance program, which pays benefits to workers who lose
jobs because of competition from foreign imports.

Centers Make a Contribution

Numerous studies have concluded that community health centers make a substantial
contribution to lowering infant mortality because they serve low-income people
who would not otherwise receive prenatal, obstetric or pediatric care.

President Bush's budget, sent to Congress on Monday, says that "infant mortality
is most severe in some of the nation's cities, several of which have infant
mortality rates rivaling those of developing nations."

The budget also notes that the "mortality rate for black babies is more than
twice the rate for white babies."

In 1989, Mr. Hawkins said, 10,000 babies were born to women under 16 years old.
About 3,500 of those women received prenatal care in community health centers
and had their babies delivered by doctors working for such centers, he said.

Of the 5.35 million people served each year by community health centers, 60
percent have annual incomes below the poverty level ($13,360 for a family of
four last year). In addition, 30 percent of the patients have incomes between
the poverty level and twice that amount.

Cornell Scott, executive director of the Hill Health Center in New Haven, which
serves 12,000 people and is receiving $500,000 from the Federal Government this
year, said: "There are more than 10 cities that have problems with infant
mortality. If we are sincere about addressing the problem, we ought to increase
the available resources and not just reallocate existing money."

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            February 5, 2010 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

Greedy union fat cats are behind first lady's anti-obesity campaign

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Michelle Malkin; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 818 words


Behind every seemingly good deed in the Obama White House, there's a
deep-pocketed, left-wing special interest.

Take first lady Michelle Obama's crusade against childhood obesity. Who really
benefits from the ostensible push for improved nutrition in the schools? Think
purple - as in the purple-shirted army of the Service Employees International
Union. Big Labor bigwigs don't care about slimming your kids' waistlines. They
care about beefing up their membership rolls and fattening their coffers.

Mrs. Obama earned a State of the Union address shout-out from her hubby for
taking on the weighty public policy issue of students' physical fitness. The
East Wing is now in full campaign mode - leaning on the nation's mayors,
traveling with the surgeon general and meeting with Congress and cabinet members
to reauthorize the Lyndon Johnson-era Child Nutrition Act, which provides
government-subsidized meals to more than 30 million children. It's part of the
Obama administration's self-proclaimed "cradle-to-career" agenda for America's
youth.

For decades, school administrators have criticized this Great Society relic for
outgrowing its initial conception. The program was created to use up post-World
War II food surpluses. In the late 1970s, New York principal Lewis Lyman
skewered it as a federal "boondoggle" in a seminal essay for the education
journal Phi Delta Kappan.

But Democrats demagogued the GOP's responsible attempts at financial reform
during the Clinton years as "starving the children." While spending on youth
nutrition and wellness have ballooned, so have the kids. Nearly one-third of
U.S. children are now overweight or obese. The feds spend $15 billion a year on
nutrition in schools; the White House wants at least a $1 billion increase this
coming fiscal year.

The well-intended program to feed poor kids has morphed into an untouchable
universal entitlement with a powerful school-lunch lobbying coalition of
Department of Agriculture bureaucrats, food-service industry executives and
union bosses.

Enter the SEIU. Headed by the White House's most frequent visitor, Andy Stern,
the powerful labor organization representing government and private service
employees has an insatiable appetite for power and growth. Working alongside the
first lady, the SEIU unveiled a major ad campaign this week demanding
reauthorizing and funding increases in the Child Nutrition Act.

What's in it for Big Labor? SEIU Executive Vice President Mitch Ackerman
explains: "A more robust expansion of school lunch, breakfast, summer feeding,
child care and WIC (the federal Women, Infants and Children nutrition program)
is critical to reducing hunger, ending childhood obesity and providing fair
wages and health care for front line food service workers."

There are 400,000 workers who prepare and serve lunch to American
schoolchildren. SEIU represents tens of thousands of those workers and is trying
to unionize many more. "More robust expansion" of the federal school-lunch law
means a mandate for higher wages, increased benefits and government-guaranteed
health insurance coverage (the more luxurious the better now that SEIU has
negotiated its Cadillac Tax exemption from the Democrats' health care takeover
bill).

The SEIU's front group, "Campaign for Quality Services," is clamoring for "the
right to sick days and training" for school food-services workers. Never ones to
let a crisis go unexploited, SEIU sent its members to lobby in front of Chicago
public schools last year and scare parents into supporting their labor agenda.
They accused the school system of "putting our kids at risk" during flu season
by resisting the SEIU's sick day coverage demands. "Without sick days, I can't
take a day off, so I have to bring germs to school," an SEIU janitor lamented.

Along the same lines, they are casting food-services workers as indispensable
saviors. The union has rallied behind P.R. efforts casting them as superheroes
"serving justice, and serving lunch." Opposing the union means opposing
children's health. SEIU propaganda features New Jersey school cafeteria workers
like Leslie Williams of Orange, N.J., lamenting: "I love my work, but it's
getting harder to prepare nutritious meals on the low budget we're working with.
... It breaks my heart to see a child who's hungry. As I see it, part of my job
is to make sure the kids are well-fed."

Actually, that's the primary job of parents. Mom? Dad? Remember them? But the
more responsibility we demand of parents, the less power and influence SEIU
bosses are able to grab. Unionized school dietician and nutrition jobs are
booming.

And in addition to school breakfast and lunch, the SEIU is now pushing
subsidized dinner plans and summer food service to create a "stronger nutrition
safety net." Translation: Perpetual employment for big government and its public
employee union au pairs.

Cede the children, feed the state.

Creators Syndicate

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     July 10, 1993, Saturday, City Edition

EMS names award recipients

BYLINE: DARRELL CUTSHALL

SECTION: CITY TIMES; GOOD FOR YOU; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 566 words



Sunstar, Pinellas County Emergency Medical Services has been named Provider  of
the Year by the EMS Division, state Department of Health and Rehabilitative
Services. Other state award winners include Nils "Andy" Millergan for
Dispatcher of the Year and Pinellas County resident Trent N. Thomason for
Citizen of the Year. The awards will be presented in Orlando at the July state
EMS Advisory Council meeting.

This year's winners of the county's EMS Professional of the Year awards are
Carl Bottorf for Paramedic of the Year and John F. "Frank" Farris for  Emergency
Medical Technician of the Year.

Bottorf is a paramedic and SWAT team member with Sunstar EMS and a
firefighter/paramedic with the Lealman Fire Department. He is also a  registered
nurse, trauma nurse specialist and critical care specialist and has  taken
numerous courses in tactical rescue practices, including rappelling.  Bottorf
has been recognized for creating dispatch procedures to protect the  safety of
EMS and fire units responding to SWAT operations, coordinating the  first
regional Department of Defense tactical course that was held in Pinellas
County, and he serves as a consultant on tactical EMS issues representing
county EMS.

Farris serves with Dunedin Rescue. He has received numerous letters of
commendation including those from Dunedin and the Clearwater Fire Department.
He is involved in public education programs in the schools where he talks to
children about drunk driving and drugs and provides career talks. He also is
the leader of Boy Scout EMS Explorer Post 914 and is actively involved in
several community projects with the city of Dunedin.

USF geography award recipient

Diane E. Richards, a graduate of the University of South Florida's St.
Petersburg campus and a resident of Pinellas Park, won the Keith Waller
Memorial Award, an annual scholarship that goes to the university's  outstanding
geographer. Richards majored in geography and held a 3.2 overall  grade point
average. She was vice president of the Bayboro Geographic Society,  a campus
organization She is a member of Gamma Theta Upsilon, a national  geography honor
society, and the Golden Key and Omicron Delta Kappa national  honor societies.
She works as a planner for the city of Pinellas Park.

Career Woman of the Year named

Akiko Tanaka of St. Petersburg, co-founder and vice president of Tampa Bay
Research Institute, has been selected as Career Woman of the Year by the
Gayfers Career Club.

Tanaka came to this country from Japan in 1971. She has been affiliated  with
the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill; Rush-Presbyterian/St. Luke
Medical Center and the University of Illinois, Chicago., and the Life Sciences
Research Laboratories in St. Petersburg. She and Dr. Meihan Nonyoma co-founded
the Tampa Bay Research Institute in 1981. Tanaka is credited with securing the
funding of the 33,000 square foot facility that houses the institute completed
in 1983.

This column is published in City Times as space is available. Entries include
St. Petersburg, Pinellas Park, Gulfport, Kenneth City, South Pasadena and the
gulf beaches. If you have good news to share, submit it to Good For You, c/o
St. Petersburg Times, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731. Please include
telephone number and return address.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; AKIKO TANAKA

                            Times Publishing Company


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            August 13, 2011 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

NICHOLAS VAL NAPOLITANO, 23Obituaries;
Former Atlantan saved pal

BYLINE: J.E. Geshwiler; For the AJC

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 774 words



HIGHLIGHT: He lost his own life, but kept friend from drowning.


Looking down from a rocky Rhode Island promontory 25 feet above where the
Atlantic Ocean and Narragansett Bay converge, Nick Napolitano could see Greg
Minetti, a friend and Wake Forest fraternity brother, was in danger of drowning
as 8-foot waves pounded the shore.

Mr. Napolitano considered himself a strong swimmer, said his father, Val
Napolitano of Atlanta, so he didn't hesitate. He jumped in and managed to pull
his friend to relative safety, but he lost his own life in the process.

The incident took place Sunday afternoon at Brenton Point State Park in Newport.
Mr. Minetti had leaped from a jumping-off spot popularized by locals as "12
O'clock High" and immediately found himself in trouble amid the pounding surf.

Once Mr. Napolitano reached his friend, he gradually pulled him away from the
cove that was taking the brunt of the battering waves. At that moment, another
wave upended Mr. Napolitano and slammed him into a rock.

Thomas Coleman of Boston, a longtime friend from Atlanta school days, had jumped
in to assist Mr. Napolitano. He said he saw his friend was seriously injured and
held him for "what seemed like a couple of minutes" until a strong undertow
snatched Mr. Napolitano away.

Mr. Napolitano's body was recovered Tuesday. His father said the family was told
death was caused by head trauma.

Mr. Minetti, of Bronxville, N.Y., was ultimately pulled to safety by Newport
firefighters, treated at a local hospital and released Sunday. Mr. Coleman was
able to climb out of the water onto the rocks without assistance.

The funeral for Nicholas Val Napolitano, 23, of New York City will be at 10 a.m.
today at Atlanta's Holy Spirit Catholic Church, with burial to follow at
Arlington Memorial Park. In lieu of flowers, the family requests donations be
made to the Nicholas Val Napolitano Memorial Fund, c/o Bank of North Georgia,
5506 Chamblee Dunwoody Road, Dunwoody, GA 30338. H.M. Patterson & Son Arlington
Chapel is in charge of arrangements.

For the past year Mr. Napolitano had been working in New York as a financial and
credit analyst for CIT Healthcare, where he was responsible for managing the
health care leveraged-loan portfolio.

"Nick worked with senior portfolio managers in monitoring the credit quality and
financial performance of the portfolio as well as arranging and underwriting new
financings for portfolio clients," said Steven Dowe, a managing director of CIT
Group Inc. "Nick was a talented young analyst and was greatly admired by his
colleagues."

Mr. Napolitano went to CIT Healthcare after earning a bachelor's degree in
finance from Wake Forest University last year. He was on the dean's list each
semester at the Winston-Salem, N.C., school and the recipient of the William
Brigman Scholarship for academic excellence and leadership. He also was
president of the local chapter of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity.

"All the younger guys at our fraternity looked up to Nick," said Boone DuPree of
Boston. "Before he became chapter president, our fraternity was a bit
disorganized and unkempt. He made it a point while he was president to make some
fixes, to get us involved in community service projects, and to improve our
image, both with the school and with the fraternity's alumni."

A National Merit Scholar at Westminster Schools, Mr. Napolitano took part in
numerous community service projects at the school, including restoration of
neighborhood parks, helping to rebuild homes and tutoring children at Odyssey
Academy and Atlanta Youth Academy. He also was president of Westminster's Tech
Club, which he founded with the goal of charting new horizons of technology.

"At Westminster, Nick was kind of social chairman, breaching the lines of
cliques, introducing us to friends of his from other schools," said Bryce Aldin
of New York City, a Westminster classmate.

A varsity athlete, Mr. Napolitano was left defender on Westminster's soccer team
during his junior and senior years. He was named an all-state and all-city
performer on the 2006 team, which won the Georgia class AAA championship.

"Nick's teammates voted him the best defensive player on the squad," said Scott
Snyder of Kennesaw, Westminster's soccer coach. "Nick's role in each game was to
shut down the opponent's best offensive player. Without him, we never would have
won the championship."

Mr. Napolitano played good defense in baseball as well. As a Northside Youth
Organization all-star second baseman, he was nicknamed "Hoover" for his
vacuum-cleaner-like talent for scooping up ground balls hit his way, his father
said.

Also surviving are his mother, Regis Napolitano of Atlanta; and a sister, Olivia
Napolitano of Auburn, Ala.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2011 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Virginia: VIRGINIA STATE ASSOCIATION I.B.P.O. ELKS OF THE WORLD TO MEET IN
SUFFOLK

LENGTH: 535 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: City of Suffolk, The Sate of Virginia has issuad the following news
release:



 The Virginia State Association of the Improved Benevolent and Protective Order
of Elks of the World is hosting more than 150 attendees at their fall conference
in Suffolk, November 6-8, 2015, at the Hilton Garden Inn Suffolk Riverfront. A
charitable, non-profit organization committed to community service and the
mentoring of youth, the Elks of the World recognize the importance of the
creation, implementation, and monitoring of youth programs, as well as forming
partnerships with business communities and other civic organizations throughout
Virginia. Most notably, the Veterans Affairs Department of the Elks of the World
will feature a luncheon at 12:30 p.m. on Saturday, November 7, in honor of
Colonel (Retired) Lula B. Holland. All branches of the military will be
recognized.



 This year's Elks of the World Honoree, Colonel Lula B. Holland, retired from
the United States Army Reserve as a Chief Nurse of the 18th Field Hospital. Col.
Holland served in the Reserves while employed with the City of Portsmouth, VA,
and retired from the City of Portsmouth as the Assistant Director of Social
Services. Her career has included being employed as a public health nurse, a
school nurse and a registered nurse within a hospital. She obtained an Associate
Degree in Nursing from Norfolk State University, a Bachelor of Science in
Nursing from Hampton University and a Master's Degree in Social Work from
Norfolk State University. Col. Holland remains active in the community as a
servant and philanthropist, serving on the boards of the Obici Healthcare
Foundation, the Suffolk Chapter of Sickle Cell Association and Suffolk Social
Services. In the past, she has served on the boards of Obici Hospital, Paul D.
Camp Community College, Suffolk Literacy Council, Early Childhood Development
Commission, Suffolk

 Public Schools, Tidewater Regional Group Home Commission and the Children's
Center. She is a diamond life member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., and
financially supports numerous educational scholarships within the Sorority. In
acknowledgement of her dedicated service to others, Col. Holland has received
numerous awards on the local, state, regional and national levels. Most
recently, she was recognized by Virginia Lawyers Media as a 2011 Influential
Woman of Virginia. In previous years, she has been recognized by the Virginia
Senate, Virginia House of Delegates and the City of Suffolk. Col. Holland is an
active member in her church, Laurel Hill Unity Church of Christ. She is the
widower of Helleon O. Holland, and the mother of Helivi L. Holland, Esq., who
currently serves the City of Suffolk as the City Attorney.

 For more information about the Virginia State Association of the Improved
Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks of the World, visit www.vaibpoew.com. To
learn more about hosting a conference or meeting in Suffolk, contact the Suffolk
Division of Tourism at 757-514-4130 or Meet.In.Suffolk@suffolkva.us You may also
stop by the website at www.VisitSuffolkVA.com.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 17, 2013 Tuesday

Antioch adult day program fills big need

BYLINE: By Trine Gallegos For the Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 622 words


When it comes to the Bedford Center, Peggy Dillon quotes former first lady
Rosalynn Carter: "There are four kinds of people in this world: Those who have
been caregivers, those who currently are caregivers, those who will be
caregivers, and those who need caregivers."

And that certainly seems to be the focus of the Antioch care facility, which has
been helping elders for 33 years.

"Baby Boomers have a new label -- the Sandwich Generation (taking) care of
parents and children, which can be overwhelming," said Dillon, outreach
coordinator. "The (center) strives to give purpose to elders while providing
respite for their caregivers."

To help keep it all running smoothly, the center will host its 22nd Italian
dinner on Oct. 12. The fundraiser runs from 6-9 p.m. at the Antioch Senior
Center, 415 W. Second St. Festivities include live music, an auction and raffle.
The four-course dinner features Kinder's tri-tip, Panera Bread, pasta, salad and
dessert.

Making it a full community event, the Antioch Rotary of the Delta will prepare
the meal and Boy Scout Troop No. 450 will serve it.

The Bedford Center is the only licensed adult-day program serving East County,
according to Dillon. Every year, more than 60 "frail and disabled adults are
served, and their families are provided education, counseling, support and
referrals."

Adult day health services are available in a group setting weekdays, "allowing
family members to go to work or take a break with the confidence their loved one
is in a stimulating, caring and safe environment." Also included are full-time
nursing services, social work, physical, speech and occupational therapies all
"disguised as fun."

Program director Kristy Osborn said, "Therapeutic activities are the core of our
specialized program. Each activity is designed to promote competence, optimal
functioning and an improved quality of life."

Activities include occupational and physical therapy activities in the form of
games, music and art therapy, discussion groups and brain fitness games.

"The most popular activities at our center include the parachute toss-up game
and painting, since all can enjoy and participate in these," she said.

Osborn said she and the small staff are grateful for their roles. "To be able to
do the work we do and provide the services are priceless ... We all share a
common passion for the (people) we serve."

Bedford has participants from Antioch, Bay Point, Pittsburg, Discovery Bay,
Oakley and Brentwood. The majority of the clients are insured by Medi-Cal, with
about 10 percent private pay and the rest part of the scholarship program from
donations and grants.

Bedford also hosts the California Community Transitions project. The transition
coordinators work with Medi-Cal clients in skilled nursing facilities to get
them back into a safe and supported community living situation.

In 1980, the Bedford Center began as the East County Senior Day Care Center, a
one-day-per-week program at Concordia Lutheran Church founded by Pastor Roger
Kuehn "to serve frail and isolated elders and to give their caregivers a break."

The program expanded to five days in 1986. In 1995, East County Senior Day Care
Center merged with Rehabilitation Services of Northern California. It was
renamed in 1999 to honor long-time supporter and board member Ray Bedford after
his death.

Admission for the fundraiser is $25 for adults and $15 for children under 12.
For tickets, call 925-778-4171 or visitwww.rsnc-centers.org .

Reach Trine Gallegos atTrineG@att.net .

IF YOU GO
What: Italian dinner to benefit Bedford Center
When: 6-9 p.m. Oct. 12
Where: Antioch Senior Center, 415 W. Second St.
Tickets: $25 for adults and $15 for children under 12.
Info: Call 925-778-4171 or visitwww.rsnc-centers.org .

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Director Kristy Osborn, center, helps Yoshiko Shibata, right, with a
puzzle as Otis Hubbard, left, works on his at the Bedford Center, the only
licensed adult day program serving East Contra Costa County, in Antioch, Calif.,
on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2013. The center provides education, counseling, support
and referrals. (Dan Rosenstrauch/Bay Area News Group)
Deloris Johnson, of Antioch, works on her artwork at the Bedford Center, the
only licensed adult day program serving East Contra Costa County, in Antioch,
Calif., on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2013. The center provides education, counseling,
support and referrals. (Dan Rosenstrauch/Bay Area News Group)
A large table with art activities keeps people busy at the Bedford Center, the
only licensed adult day program serving East Contra Costa County, on Wednesday,
Sept. 11, 2013, in Antioch, Calif. The center provides education, counseling,
support and referrals. (Dan Rosenstrauch/Bay Area News Group)
Carrie Newman, of Antioch, poses during her art activity session at the Bedford
Center, the only licensed adult day program serving East Contra Costa County, in
Antioch, Calif., on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2013. The center provides education,
counseling, support and referrals. (Dan Rosenstrauch/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 17, 2013 Tuesday

Antioch adult day program fills big need

BYLINE: By Trine Gallegos For the Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 622 words


When it comes to the Bedford Center, Peggy Dillon quotes former first lady
Rosalynn Carter: "There are four kinds of people in this world: Those who have
been caregivers, those who currently are caregivers, those who will be
caregivers, and those who need caregivers."

And that certainly seems to be the focus of the Antioch care facility, which has
been helping elders for 33 years.

"Baby Boomers have a new label -- the Sandwich Generation (taking) care of
parents and children, which can be overwhelming," said Dillon, outreach
coordinator. "The (center) strives to give purpose to elders while providing
respite for their caregivers."

To help keep it all running smoothly, the center will host its 22nd Italian
dinner on Oct. 12. The fundraiser runs from 6-9 p.m. at the Antioch Senior
Center, 415 W. Second St. Festivities include live music, an auction and raffle.
The four-course dinner features Kinder's tri-tip, Panera Bread, pasta, salad and
dessert.

Making it a full community event, the Antioch Rotary of the Delta will prepare
the meal and Boy Scout Troop No. 450 will serve it.

The Bedford Center is the only licensed adult-day program serving East County,
according to Dillon. Every year, more than 60 "frail and disabled adults are
served, and their families are provided education, counseling, support and
referrals."

Adult day health services are available in a group setting weekdays, "allowing
family members to go to work or take a break with the confidence their loved one
is in a stimulating, caring and safe environment." Also included are full-time
nursing services, social work, physical, speech and occupational therapies all
"disguised as fun."

Program director Kristy Osborn said, "Therapeutic activities are the core of our
specialized program. Each activity is designed to promote competence, optimal
functioning and an improved quality of life."

Activities include occupational and physical therapy activities in the form of
games, music and art therapy, discussion groups and brain fitness games.

"The most popular activities at our center include the parachute toss-up game
and painting, since all can enjoy and participate in these," she said.

Osborn said she and the small staff are grateful for their roles. "To be able to
do the work we do and provide the services are priceless ... We all share a
common passion for the (people) we serve."

Bedford has participants from Antioch, Bay Point, Pittsburg, Discovery Bay,
Oakley and Brentwood. The majority of the clients are insured by Medi-Cal, with
about 10 percent private pay and the rest part of the scholarship program from
donations and grants.

Bedford also hosts the California Community Transitions project. The transition
coordinators work with Medi-Cal clients in skilled nursing facilities to get
them back into a safe and supported community living situation.

In 1980, the Bedford Center began as the East County Senior Day Care Center, a
one-day-per-week program at Concordia Lutheran Church founded by Pastor Roger
Kuehn "to serve frail and isolated elders and to give their caregivers a break."

The program expanded to five days in 1986. In 1995, East County Senior Day Care
Center merged with Rehabilitation Services of Northern California. It was
renamed in 1999 to honor long-time supporter and board member Ray Bedford after
his death.

Admission for the fundraiser is $25 for adults and $15 for children under 12.
For tickets, call 925-778-4171 or visitwww.rsnc-centers.org .

Reach Trine Gallegos atTrineG@att.net .

IF YOU GO

What: Italian dinner to benefit Bedford Center
When: 6-9 p.m. Oct. 12
Where: Antioch Senior Center, 415 W. Second St.
Tickets: $25 for adults and $15 for children under 12.
Info: Call 925-778-4171 or visitwww.rsnc-centers.org .

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     October 28, 2003 Tuesday Home Edition

Daily Briefing

SOURCE: From staff and news services

SECTION: Business; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 1335 words


ADVERTISING/MARKETING: Aspen chairlift ads cleared

Denver --- The U.S. Forest Service has reversed an earlier decision and will
allow small advertisements again this year on chairlifts at four Aspen ski
resorts. The ads, which ranged from messages about mints to massages placed on
chairlift safety bars, had been allowed last year as a trial program. Last month
the agency decided against allowing them to continue because they were not in
the spirit of rules that forbid outdoor advertising on public lands. The agency
said logos would be allowed this year, without slogans, in a 6.5-inch square at
the end of the 52-inch long safety bar that rests on the lap of lift riders.

DEALS: McDonald's chooses Orbitz

Orbitz, the online travel agency owned by several large U.S. airlines, won a
contract to book travel reservations for fast-food giant McDonald's. The
contract, signed after a nine-month trial, makes McDonald's the largest
corporate customer for Chicago-based Orbitz, which declined to specify a value.

FOOD/BEVERAGES: Cadbury to cut 10% of staff

London --- Cadbury Schweppes PLC, a leading maker of soft drinks and
confectioneries, plans to cut 10 percent of its worldwide work force of 55,000
people over the next four years to reduce costs. The company behind Dr Pepper
and Snapple soft drinks and Bassett candies also said Monday it plans to close
about 20 percent of the 133 factories it operates worldwide. Spokeswoman Dora
McCabe refused to specify the countries where Cadbury planned to eliminate the
jobs. The company operates in about 200 countries, she said. Cadbury said it
expected the moves to yield savings of $640 million a year by 2007.

HEALTH CARE: Tenet strikes deal with banks

Tenet Healthcare Corp., the No. 2 U.S. hospital chain, said its banks agreed to
amend terms of a $1.5 billion line of credit, allowing the company to avoid a
potential default. Last week the company said it might exceed a debt level
allowed under the loan agreement. The amendment permits Santa Barbara,
Calif.-based Tenet to exceed that cap and reduces the amount the company can
borrow. Tenet agreed with its banks to keep its level of debt no greater than
2.5 times pretax profit.

LEGAL: R.J. Reynolds suit put on hold

Springfield, Ill. --- R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. has won a delay in an Illinois
lawsuit over its light cigarettes. State Supreme Court Justice Philip Rarick
ordered the class-action lawsuit be put on hold. Reynolds said Monday it will
now get a chance to ask the entire court to delay action until it rules on a
similar case involving Philip Morris. Both companies face fraud lawsuits
accusing them of misleading customers by marketing light cigarettes as lower in
tar and nicotine, although they are not necessarily better for smokers. Philip
Morris lost its case and was ordered to pay $10.1 billion to 1 million Illinois
smokers. It is appealing to the state Supreme Court. R.J. Reynolds wanted its
trial delayed until that appeal wraps up. It also wanted the Supreme Court to
decide its case. But the trial judge, George Moran, was willing to grant only a
90-day delay.

Ohio sues America Online

Columbus, Ohio --- Time Warner Inc.'s America Online unit is being sued by the
state of Ohio for failing to honor customers' requests to cancel subscriptions.
Ohio State Attorney General James Petro said in prepared remarks Monday that AOL
and its CompuServe Interactive Services Inc. unit have violated Ohio consumer
law and failed to honor previous agreements with the state. The suit seeks
reimbursements for consumers. A representative for New York-based Time Warner
wasn't immediately available for comment.

MANUFACTURING: Raytheon faces strike in Ariz.

Raytheon Co. workers at a Tomahawk cruise missile plant in Tucson, Ariz., plan
to strike for the first time in 25 years, after rejecting a contract that would
have raised their health care costs. About 2,100 of the plant's 10,000 employees
will walk off the job Nov. 3, said Robert Martinez, the business manager for the
International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers Local 933. There
is a seven-day "cooling off" period before the workers can strike following a
vote, so work at the plant will continue this week, Raytheon spokeswoman Sara
Hammond said. A four-year labor agreement with the union expired at 12:01 a.m.
Monday, Hammond said. Workers voted Sunday to reject a three-year contract.

MEDIA: Magazine says it altered photo

New York --- People magazine acknowledged Monday that it altered an image of
Courteney Cox Arquette and David Arquette on its cover, moving them closer
together to make room for headlines. The photo was also changed to extend the
shrubs behind the pair to "improve readability of the text," the magazine said.
"In retrospect, we would probably reconsider these changes." People said it
would "would never use images to create a situation that did not exist." A
spokeswoman declined to comment further. The changes were first reported in
Photo District News, a magazine for professional photographers.

RETAIL: Delta Faucet, designer ally

Newark, N.J. --- Long known as the designer of a best-selling teapot and a host
of other stylish household items, architect Michael Graves has now turned his
attention to bathroom and kitchen fixtures. Graves developed the line in
partnership with Delta Faucet Co., marking the first time the world's largest
faucet maker has collaborated with a celebrated designer. The Michael Graves
Collection, which will include about two dozen items ranging from faucets and
robe hooks to towel bars and lighting, is aimed at average consumers, he said.

TECHNOLOGY: Sony joins cellphone venture

Tokyo --- Sony Corp. and Japan's top mobile phone carrier, NTT DoCoMo, plan to
cooperate in developing a system that will allow people to use their cellphones
to pay for train tickets or buy items in stores. They plan to create a FeliCa
Networks joint venture, to be set up in Tokyo in January, that will develop a
new chip that integrates mobile phones with smart-card technology developed by
Sony, the companies said Monday. Sony will be a 60 percent investor in the $55
million venture, and NTT DoCoMo will invest the other 40 percent.

TELECOM: Cable maker to buy rival

TCommScope Inc., a maker of communications cables, Monday said it agreed to buy
the cable business of Avaya Inc. for about $263 million in cash, stock and
notes. The deal will effectively double TCommScope's size and widen its reach in
the computer networks business, the company said. For Avaya, the sale will allow
it to focus on its Internet Protocol telephone service business. Avaya's cable
business had 2003 sales of about $542 million and operating income of about $3
million.

TRANSPORTATION: Bullet train to stop at Disney

Orlando --- A proposed bullet train across Central Florida will run directly to
the Walt Disney World resort from Orlando International Airport, bypassing the
taxpayer-funded Orange County Convention Center en route to Tampa, a state panel
voted Monday. The Florida High Speed Rail Authority's 7-1 decision ended a
debate that has simmered since voters, in a constitutional amendment passed in
2000, mandated the construction of a bullet train network spanning the state.
Disney promised 2.2 million riders a year, people who currently are bused to
their destinations. The state predicts the rail leg could cost as much as $2.5
billion.

DHL plans China expansion

Berlin --- Germany's Deutsche Post plans to invest about $200 million to expand
the network of its DHL delivery unit in China, a move that should create more
than 2,000 jobs. The five-year investment program will see DHL add 1,200
vehicles to its current fleet of 700, Deutsche Post said Monday. Bonn-based
Deutsche Post, which is active in the mail, parcels, logistics and financial
services markets, is 69 percent owned by the German government and is a rival of
Sandy Springs-based UPS.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Brief

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                                 March 24, 2008

Betty Oliver gets results for communities in Mississippi through USDA/Rural
Development

BYLINE: Lynn Lofton

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 687  words


A goal-oriented person, Bettye Oliver likes seeing results from her work. She
has had that satisfaction often as state director for community programs with
USDA/Rural Development where she administers approximately $70 million each year
that funds a variety of projects in the state.

"I like seeing the end product; maybe a community that didn't have a fire
station or clean drinking water or healthcare facilities," she says. "I like to
drive by and think 'I had a hand in that. ' I want to see that the money is
invested wisely. "

A Leap Year baby, Oliver began life as the fourth of nine children born to
Charlie and Laura Washington in Vicksburg. Her parents were a great influence on
her life, teaching her to do the right thing, work hard and put God first.

"I know I have a job to do, and I ask myself what I can do to help someone
today," she says. "I've been blessed with a job through the USDA that enables me
to help rural communities in Mississippi. "

Her career began when she worked for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in
Vicksburg and later for former Congressman Mike Espy as a field representative.
She began the road to service when Espy sent her to help an elderly lady in the
Delta find an adequate house.

"Her house was really a shock. There were clothes hanging on the windows to keep
out the elements, the floor was almost the ground and she was cooking on a hot
plate," Oliver says. "That really touched my heart seeing a person living like
that. I tell my grown children to go with me one time and they will be thankful
for what they have. "

She also recalls a time when she was asked to help the Blue Hill Community in
Jefferson County get much needed water. "There was a drought, and they were
getting water from a stream that was almost dry and hauling water from another
community," she says. "That sparked something in me to help. I worked with
Congressman Espy, the Farmers Home Administration and others to bring clean
drinking water to that community. "

Oliver began with USDA/Rural Development in 1992 where she worked as a loan
specialist, assistant administrator and special assistant before becoming
director of community programs, one of three major divisions. In addition to
water, sanitary waste systems, fire and health care to rural areas, the program
also assists with developing educational and innovative technologies such as
wiring for broadband Internet and the establishment of distance learning systems
to improve the quality of life for residents.

Examples of this program's diversity include investments of millions in the
SeverCorr project for land acquisition, the King's Daughters' Hospital in
Brookhaven and the Coastal Family Clinic in Biloxi.

"I know how to access funds. When I see opportunities for economic development,
learning and improved healthcare, I try to find a way to help," Oliver says.
"Rural Mississippi has counted on the government to help, but now with a
reduction in funds, we will have to come together with the public and private to
solve these issues. That's the challenge that I see. "

If she could change one thing about her work, she says it would be to eliminate
some of the paperwork that people have to complete. "I would like to reduce it
and still make the loans and grants, but I can't," she says.

Oliver, 60, could retire, but plans to work a few more years and will leave a
staff trained to carry on the assistance to rural Mississippi when she does
leave.

"I thank Congressman Espy for giving me the opportunity to get into public
service," she says. "He encouraged me to do my best, and I haven't forgotten
that. "

Her goal for post-retirement days is to go to ministry school and become a
motivational speaker. She enjoys public speaking for different organizations.

Family and church activities take up most of her non-working time, including
spending a lot of time working with summer youth programs. She has two sons,
Darryl and Sean Washington, and a daughter, Tamara Jerdine, and six
grandchildren. Her church, Faith Christian Center in Vicksburg, and pastor, Dr.
Ollie Hardaway Jr., along with her family provide a strong support system.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       May 19, 2000, Friday, Home Edition

Goizueta Foundation helps Agnes Scott

BYLINE: Maria Saporta, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Business; Pg. 2F

LENGTH: 660 words

The Goizueta Foundation is quietly emerging as an important player in Atlanta
philanthropy.

Most recently, the Goizueta Foundation awarded $ 1 million to Agnes Scott
College to endow two scholarships for Hispanic/Latina students. This follows a $
10 million gift last month to Emory University's Goizueta Business School to
endow three new chairs and fund scholarships.

"It's really magnificent," said Lewis Thayne, Agnes Scott's vice president of
institutional advancement. "We don't get many gifts of this size. And we hope
the Goizueta Foundation's gift will inspire others."

That is also the desire of the foundation, chaired by Olga C. de Goizueta, the
widow of the late Coca-Cola Co. Chief Executive Officer Roberto C. Goizueta.
Although she prefers to stay out of the limelight, she is taking an active role
in the grants. Thayne said Goizueta visited with Agnes Scott College President
Mary Brown Bullock to learn more about the institution.

Post pioneer retires

Atlanta-based Post Properties saw the passing of an era at its annual meeting
Wednesday. The last of its original outside investors, J.C. "Bud" Shaw, chairman
emeritus of Shaw Industries, retired from the board.

Post CEO John A. Williams said Shaw and two other local business executives ---
Bill Parker, chairman of Comanche Investment Co., and Virginia Crawford,
formerly with Crawford Industries --- invested in the then privately held
apartment development company in 1973. Crawford passed away last year, and now
Shaw will join Parker as a director emeritus.

The Post board is still all-white-male. "We are having some discussions about
replacement directors," Williams said. "We recognize that."

Town Talk

Atlanta Braves General Manager John Schuerholz Wednesday gave his 10th
consecutive annual talk to the Commerce Club membership, a tradition that has
become part of the club's lucky streak. After talking about the challenges of
keeping a quality team with increasing salaries, he took questions. The first
was about controversial closer John Rocker's character. "What a surprise. A
Rocker question," Schuerholz said. "John is a young man, still growing, still
maturing," Schuerholz said before pausing, and then repeating the statement. And
yes, there will be extra security for next month's trip to New York, he said.

Glenda Hatchett is the YWCA of Greater Atlanta's 2000 Woman of Achievement.
Hatchett is a former Fulton County Juvenile Court judge.

The YWCA also inducted 10 women into its Academy of Women Achievers: Clara
Hayley Axam, deputy superintendent of operations, Atlanta Public Schools;
Jacquelyn Belcher, president, Georgia Perimeter College; Cathy Cox, Georgia
secretary of state; Dolores E. Cross, president, Morris Brown College; Ronnie
Gunnerson, vice president of corporate affairs for Turner Broadcasting System;
Carolyn Kenny, president, Georgia region, Kaiser Permanente; Soon Hee Paik,
owner, ES Consultants; Janet Rechtman, owner, Rechtman Consulting Group; Phyllis
Schwartz, former director of community and student services, City Schools of
Decatur; and Dr. Kathleen E. Toomey, Georgia Department of Human Resources
director of the Division of Public Health.

Turner Broadcasting Chairman and CEO Terence F. McGuirk will receive the
Anti-Defamation League's Stuart Lewengrub Torch of Liberty Award Tuesday
evening. The co-chairs of the dinner are Tom Johnson, CEO of CNN News Group; and
Leo Mullin, CEO of Delta Air Lines. McGuirk, who has been with Turner for 28
years, is receiving one of the first community awards in his career.

American Heritage Life Insurance Co. and the Georgia Baptist Health Care
Foundation will honor Jere Drummond, president and chief executive officer of
BellSouth, with its Heritage Award for Humanitarian Service at its Heritage
Celebration black-tie dinner tonight.

Maria Saporta is assisted by Amy Winn.
Our business and civic columnist
e-mail: msaporta@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           February 4, 2010 Thursday

Malkin: SEIU fat cats behind First Lady's anti-obesity campaign

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: OPINIONS

LENGTH: 836 words


By Michelle Malkin

Behind every seemingly good deed in the Obama White House, there's a
deep-pocketed, left-wing special interest. Take first lady Michelle Obama's
crusade against childhood obesity. Who really benefits from the ostensible push
for improved nutrition in the schools? Think purple -- as in the purple-shirted
army of the Service Employees International Union. Big Labor bigwigs don't care
about slimming your kids' waistlines. They care about beefing up their
membership rolls and fattening their coffers.

Mrs. Obama earned a State of the Union address shout-out from her hubby for
taking on the weighty public policy issue of students' physical fitness. The
East Wing is now in full campaign mode -- leaning on the nation's mayors,
traveling with the surgeon general and meeting with Congress and cabinet members
to reauthorize the Lyndon Johnson-era Child Nutrition Act, which provides
government-subsidized meals to more than 30 million children. It's part of the
Obama administration's self-proclaimed "cradle-to-career" agenda for America's
youth.

For decades, school administrators have criticized this Great Society relic for
outgrowing its initial conception. The program was originally created to use up
post-World War II food surpluses. In the late 1970s, New York principal Lewis
Lyman skewered it as a federal "boondoggle" in a seminal essay for the education
journal Phi Delta Kappan. But Democrats demagogued the GOP's responsible
attempts at financial reform during the Clinton years as "starving the
children." While spending on youth nutrition and wellness have ballooned, so
have the kids. Nearly one-third of U.S. children are now overweight or obese.
The feds spend $15 billion a year on nutrition in schools; the White House wants
at least a $1 billion increase this coming fiscal year.

The well-intended program to feed poor kids has morphed into an untouchable
universal entitlement with a powerful school-lunch lobbying coalition of
Department of Agriculture bureaucrats, food-service industry executives and
union bosses. Enter the SEIU. Headed by the White House's most frequent visitor,
Andy Stern, the powerful labor organization representing government and private
service employees has an insatiable appetite for power and growth. Working
alongside the first lady, the SEIU unveiled a major ad campaign this week
demanding reauthorizing and funding increases in the Child Nutrition Act.

What's in it for Big Labor? SEIU Executive Vice President Mitch Ackerman
explains: "A more robust expansion of school lunch, breakfast, summer feeding,
child care and WIC (the federal Women, Infants and Children nutrition program)
is critical to reducing hunger, ending childhood obesity and providing fair
wages and health care for front line food service workers (emphasis added)."

There are 400,000 workers who prepare and serve lunch to American
schoolchildren. SEIU represents tens of thousands of those workers and is trying
to unionize many more. "More robust expansion" of the federal school-lunch law
means a mandate for higher wages, increased benefits and government-guaranteed
health insurance coverage (the more luxurious the better now that SEIU has
negotiated its Cadillac Tax exemption from the Democrats' health care takeover
bill).

The SEIU's front group, "Campaign for Quality Services," is clamoring for "the
right to sick days and training" for school food-services workers. Never ones to
let a crisis go unexploited, SEIU sent its members to lobby in front of Chicago
public schools last year and scare parents into supporting their labor agenda.
They accused the school system of "putting our kids at risk" during flu season
by resisting the SEIU's sick-day coverage demands. "Without sick days, I can't
take a day off, so I have to bring germs to school," an SEIU janitor lamented.

Along the same lines, they are casting food-services workers as indispensable
saviors. The union has rallied behind P.R. efforts casting them as superheroes
"serving justice, and serving lunch." Opposing the union means opposing
children's health. SEIU propaganda features New Jersey school cafeteria workers
like Leslie Williams of Orange, N.J., lamenting: "I love my work, but it's
getting harder to prepare nutritious meals on the low budget we're working with.
... It breaks my heart to see a child who's hungry. As I see it, part of my job
is to make sure the kids are well-fed."

Actually, that's the primary job of parents. Mom? Dad? Remember them? But the
more responsibility we demand of parents, the less power and influence SEIU
bosses are able to grab. Unionized school dietician and nutrition jobs are
booming. And in addition to school breakfast and lunch, the SEIU is now pushing
subsidized dinner plans and summer food service to create a "stronger nutrition
safety net." Translation: Perpetual employment for big government and its public
employee union au pairs.

Cede the children, feed the state.

Syndicated columnist Michelle Malkin can be contacted at malkinblog@gmail.com .

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              July 25, 2010 Sunday

Graduates Scholarships

BYLINE: Scholastic Corner

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 2319  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Julie T. Krayer, of Lancaster, graduated cum laude from Wake Forest University
with a Bachelor of Science degree in mathematical economics. She was recognized
for her success in mathematics and economics with induction into the mathematics
honor society, Pi Mu Epsilon, and Omicron Delta Epsilon, International Honor
Society in Economics. The daughter of Joan and Michael Krayer, she is a graduate
of Hempfield High School.

Danielle C. Agliardo graduated cum laude from Virginia Wesleyan College in
Norfolk, Va., with a bachelor's degree in health and human services and a minor
in philosophy. She is a graduate of Lancaster Catholic High School and the
daughter of Kim Paraschos and Fran Agliardo.

Kelly Jo Sensenig Janke graduated from Philadelphia College of Osteopathic
Medicine with a Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine degree. She is the daughter of
Denise and Bruce L. Sensenig, Denver, and the wife of Bryan Janke, Lansdowne.
She earned a Bachelor of Science degree in nursing from Messiah College in 2004.
She is continuing her medical training at St. Joseph's Hospital, Philadelphia.

T. Raymond Foley IV graduated from Thomas Jefferson Medical College,
Philadelphia. He is enrolled in an internal medicine residency program at
University of Colorado Medical Center, Denver. A 2003 graduate of the University
of Vermont, he is also a graduate of Lancaster Catholic High School. He is the
son of Dr. and Mrs. Raymond T. Foley, Lititz.

Kevin M. DuPrey graduated from Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine with
a Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine degree and was honored with a red tassel for
four years as a member of the Honor Society. He is the son of Dr. James G. and
Cheryl DuPrey, of Strasburg. His father participated in the commencement
processional and hooding ceremony as a physician parent.

Kevin DuPrey is a member of Phi Beta Kappa Society, Sigma Xi and the American
Osteopathic Association. He graduated magna cum laude from University of
Delaware with a Bachelor of Arts degree. A distance runner who battled Lyme
disease for much of his college career, he received the 2006 John H. Randolph
Inspiration Award from the Colonial Athletic Association.

He is a graduate of Lampeter-Strasburg High School.

Charles R. Haley III, son of Charles and Donna Haley, graduated cum laude from
Millersville University with a Bachelor of Science degree in business
administration. He was named to the dean's list for eight semesters and is a
graduate of Lampeter-Strasburg High School.

Kelley FitzGerald, daughter of Maureen and Michael FitzGerald, of Lititz,
graduated from Saint Mary's College, Notre Dame, Ind. Named to the spring dean's
list, she received a bachelor's degree in nursing.

Christopher R. Stonerook, son of Tom and Kendall Stonerook, graduated cum laude
from Middlebury College with a degree in economics and a minor in political
science. He is a graduate of Lancaster Country Day School.

Paul Woodman, son of Carol and Jeffrey Woodman, graduated from Rutgers
University with a bachelor's degree in environmental and business economics. He
is a graduate of Manheim Township High School.

Two Lancaster residents graduated magna cum laude from Boston College: Jenna
Peart, with a Bachelor of Arts degree in international studies, and John Boles,
with a B.A. in communication and music.

Lancaster residents Kieran E. Riley and Kevin M. O'Brien graduated from Boston
University with Juris Doctor in Law degrees.

The following local residents graduated from University of the Sciences in
Philadelphia:

Samantha L. Griffe, daughter of Bambi and Dean Griffe, of Myerstown, with a
Master of Science degree in pharmaceutical chemistry and a minor in forensic
science.

Jessica A. Hunt, daughter of Ron and Lindsey Hunt, of Columbia, with a Doctor of
Pharmacy degree.

Zachary C. Rosario, son of Trudy Powders and Renee Rosario, of East Petersburg,
magna cum laude with a Doctor of Physical Therapy degree and a minor in Spanish.

Molly Renee Boucher, daughter of Jeffrey and Ann Boylan, of Landisville, with a
Doctor of Pharmacy degree.

Sotharavy Keat, daughter of Saron and Sonteary Keat, of Lancaster, summa cum
laude with a Doctor of Pharmacy degree and a minor in Spanish.

Hyun-soo Kim, daughter of Yean Yoo, of Lancaster, with a Doctor of Pharmacy
degree.

Trisha Nha Luu, daughter of Tho and Anh Luu, of Lancaster, with a Bachelor of
Science degree in biology.

Courtney Renee Wagner, daughter of William and Peggy Wagner, of Lancaster, cum
laude with a B.S. in microbiology.

Khai Nhat Duong, son of Thanh and Nguyet Duong, of Lancaster, with a B.S. in
pharmaceutical and health care business.

Jennifer Michelle Adams, of Oxford, graduated from Holy Family University with a
Master of Education degree.

Amy Frey, Lancaster, graduated from State University of New York-Oneonta, with a
Master of Arts degree in history/museum studies.

Eric DiIlio graduated with a Master of Arts degree in counseling psychology from
Lewis & Clark Graduate School of Education and Counseling, Portland, Ore.

He is a graduate of Manheim Township High School and Penn State University with
a bachelor's degree in recreation and park management and the son of Janice
DiIlio, Willow Street, and George and Ginny DiIlio, Ephrata.

Michelle L. Kopf graduated summa cum laude from West Chester University with a
bachelor's degree in communicative disorders.

A graduate of Manheim Township High School, she is the daughter of Charles and
Lynn Kopf, Lancaster.

Mark A. Martin graduated from Penn State, Berks Campus, with a Bachelor of
Science degree in business, management/marketing option. He was also named to
the spring dean's list.

He is the son of Beth Bixler, Maytown, and Jeff Martin, Ephrata.

Krista Martin, Strasburg, graduated summa cum laude with a bachelor's degree
from Skidmore College.

Megan E. MacAlarney, daughter of John and Elizabeth MacAlarney, graduated magna
cum laude from Colgate University, Hamilton, N.Y.,with a bachelor's degree in
international relations and a minor in Spanish.

Michael Scott Rowen, Lancaster, graduated cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts
degree from Western New England College.

Andrew Stoltzfus, son of Stan and Deb Stoltzfus, New Holland, graduated from
Fairleigh Dickinson University, Madison, N.J., with a bachelor's degree in
political science with a minor in history. He is a graduate of Garden Spot High
School.

Nathaniel M. Zorach graduated from Grinnell College with a B.A. in German. He is
the son of Dr. Jonathan Zorach and Dr. Cecile C. Zorach, Lancaster.

The following local students received Bachelor of Arts degrees from Franklin &
Marshall College.

Daniel Droz, son of George and Barbara Droz, Lancaster, mathematics. He is a
graduate of Veritas Academy.

Andrew Korns, son of D.J. and Debra Korns, Lancaster, magna cum laude, Spanish.
He is a graduate of Hempfield High School.

Kathryn Weeber, daughter of Richard and Pamela Weeber, Lancaster, cum laude,
English-creative writing. She is a graduate of Lancaster Catholic High School.

Dominic Bentzel, son of Curtis Bentzel and Gabrielle Niekamp, Lancaster,
business, organizations and society. He is a graduate of McCaskey High School.

Sara Habecker, daughter of Kent and Elisabeth Habecker, Lancaster, American
studies. She is a graduate of Lancaster Country Day School.

Luis Murillo, son of Luis and Mim Murillo, Lancaster, summa cum laude, biology.
He is a graduate of Penn Manor High School.

Raju Rayavarapu, son of Adinarayana and Devi Rayavarapu, Lancaster, biochemistry
and molecular biology. He is a graduate of McCaskey High School.

Sebastian Gavor, son of Sebastian and Vera Gavor, Accra, Ghana, cum laude,
business, organizations and society. He is a graduate of SOS-Hermann Gmeiner
International School.

Marie Scheuchenzuber, daughter of Philip and Linda Scheuchenzuber, Millersville,
music. She is a graduate of Lancaster Catholic High School.

The following local students graduated with bachelor's degrees from Messiah
College.

Trisha Allison, Lititz, cum laude, elementary education; Kelly Barlow,
Elizabethtown, magna cum laude, biopsychology; Philip Benedict, Lititz, business
administration; Sarah Bich, New Holland, cum laude, nursing; Emily Bomberger,
Elm, magna cum laude, marketing; Vanessa Brubaker, Mount Joy, magna cum laude,
politics; Rebecca Buttolph, Lititz, magna cum laude, human resource management;
Katrina Campbell, Cochranville, cum laude, English; Rebekah Chubb, Lititz, cum
laude, nursing; Nicole Cooper, Strasburg, summa cum laude, elementary education;
Holly Cope, Palmyra, magna cum laude, biology; Carey Cortese, Lancaster, magna
cum laude, accounting; Nathaniel Cross, Akron, cum laude, engineering.

Amy Denlinger, Lancaster, communication; Scott Edwards, Elizabethtown, politics;
Jennifer Ehrhart, Mountville, cum laude, Christian ministries; Briana Eshleman,
Elizabethtown, magna cum laude, nursing; Stephanie Fleetman, Lititz, cum laude,
marketing; Aubrey Fulmer, New Holland, cum laude, nursing; Adriana Gonzalez,
Lancaster, magna cum laude, biopsychology; Alecia Groff, Landisville, social
work; Philip Hess, Elizabethtown, computer science; Christen Higgins, Lancaster,
nursing; David High, Lancaster, business administration; Jeremy Hollinger, New
Holland, studio art; Mary Hoover, Mount Joy, summa cum laude, elementary
education; Amy Horst, Leola, sport management; Benjamin Horst, Leola, cum laude,
engineering; Zachary Horst, Lancaster, cum laude, health and physical education;
Rebecca Kirby, Manheim, cum laude, nursing.

Christine Kotzmoyer, Elizabethtown, summa cum laude, business administration;
Leann Kreider, Bird-in-Hand, summa cum laude, biochemistry and molecular
biology; Rachel Landis, Lancaster, studio art; David Layser, Palmyra, summa cum
laude, biblical and religious studies; Kendall Leaman, Lancaster, engineering;
Allison Lehman, Millersville, cum laude, athletic training; Ross Lehman,
Lancaster, cum laude, studio art; Kristin Lombardi, Quarryville, magna cum
laude, Christian ministries; Kimberly Marks, Ephrata, cum laude, family and
consumer sciences education; Hannah Martin, Elizabethtown, magna cum laude, math
with teaching certification; Jenna Max, Elizabethtown, magna cum laude,
elementary education; Elizabeth McVey, Strasburg, human resource management;
Lucas Messick, Elizabethtown, magna cum laude, accounting; Sara Mueller,
Bainbridge, cum laude, English; Patrick Murphy, Lititz, magna cum laude,
elementary education; Katlyn Musser, Columbia, sport and exercise science; Ryan
Nicholas, Wrightsville, engineering.

Heidi Nonnenmocher, Columbia, magna cum laude, social work; Jason Potoka,
Lancaster, magna cum laude, history with social studies certification; Rebekah
Raffensperger, Lititz, magna cum laude, psychology and German; Adam Ranck,
Lancaster, cum laude, accounting; Rachael Ranck, Christiana, summa cum laude,
elementary education; Daniel Rudisill, Akron, philosophy; Chelsea Ruhl,
Landisville, cum laude, nursing; Emily Sauder, Reinholds, magna cum laude,
communication; Anthony Shelly, Elizabethtown, business administration; Jonathan
Shenk, Lancaster, magna cum laude, accounting; Peter Shenk, Lititz, cum laude,
engineering; Theodore Simmons, Manheim, nursing; Derek Sipe, Ephrata, marketing;
Brittany Smith, Landisville, cum laude, humanities; Jordan Swisher, Peach
Bottom, magna cum laude, theater; Megan Taylor, Narvon, elementary education;
Tyler Toews, Elizabethtown, psychology; Benjamin Voran, Ephrata, magna cum
laude, history with social studies certification; D. Weaver, New Holland, magna
cum laude, business administration; Corey Wenger, Manheim, business
administration; Lauren Wise, Lebanon, psychology; Sheldon Witmer, Lancaster,
sport management; Jordan Zimmerman, Lititz, cum laude, accounting; Joshua
Zimmerman, Denver, cum laude, engineering.

The following local students graduated from DeSales University.

David G. Smith, Palmyra, B.A., theatre; Phillip M. Glover, Denver, B.S.,
computer science and mathematics; Melanie K. Fisichella, Leola, B.A., dance;
Laura A. Smith, Manheim, B.S., chemistry; Kelsey L. McGee, New Holland, magna
cum laude, B.S., nursing; L. Nicole Brackbill, Paradise, cum laude, B.S.,
medical studies; Christopher M. Toms, Lancaster, B.A., criminal justice; Melissa
C. Egan, Robesonia, cum laude, B.A., theater.

William E. Schreiber has been awarded a National Security Education Program
David L. Boren Scholarship for undergraduate study abroad in world regions
critical to U.S. interests. He is enrolled in a summer language program at
Jagiellonian University, Krakow, Poland, and will study at the University of
Warsaw in the fall.

The 2008 McCaskey High School graduate is a junior majoring in international
affairs at The George Washington University. He is the son of Ernest J. and
Jo-Ann Greene Schreiber, Lancaster.

The Lancaster County Chapter of the Penn State Alumni Association awarded
scholarships to the following local students who will be attending Penn State.

Matthew Nielsen, son of Philip and Kimberly Nielsen, Willow Street, received a
$1,000 Herb Zukauskas Scholarship. The Lampeter-Strasburg High School graduate
plans to major in biology.

Morgan Porter, daughter of John and Barbara Porter, Ephrata, received a $1,000
J. Henry and Minnie Hitz Scholarship. The Ephrata High School graduate plans to
major in veterinary and biomedical sciences.

Matthew Carty, son of John and Alicia Carty, Denver, received a $1,000 Cory
Pennington Trower Scholarship. The Cocalico High School graduate plans to major
in education.

Joshua Temple, son of Laurence and Laura Temple, Kirkwood, received a $1,000
Meredith Trower Scholarship. The Solanco High School graduate plans to major in
engineering.

Rebecca Loewenstein-Harting, daughter of Sue Loewenstein and Ernst Harting,
Reading, received a $1,000 scholarship. She is a graduate of Cocalico High
School.

Zachary Brubaker, son of Gary and Virginia Brubaker, Lititz, received a $1,000
scholarship. The Warwick High School graduate plans to major in physics and
mathematics.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Julie Krayer
Danielle Agliardo
Kelly Jo Sensenig Janke
T. Raymond Foley Iv
M. Nielsen
Morgan Porter
Joshua Temple
R. Loewenstein-Harting

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010  Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                              March 4, 2005 Friday

Briefs: Canine tsunami survivors need loving home

LENGTH: 2043 words


Two stray dogs rescued from Thailand after the tsunami are seeking homes in the
Pittsburgh area.

The Animal Rescue League of Western Pennsylvania is seeking homes for Charlie
and Louie. They have been quarantined since their arrival to ensure that they
are healthy and ready for their new homes.

For more information, call the league at (412) 661-6452.

Strip District

DQE Communications fiber optic line cut

A DQE Communications fiber optic line in the Strip District had to be cut
Thursday afternoon to allow workers to repair damage done earlier in the day by
a private contractor at the intersection of 20th Street and Penn Avenue, company
spokesman Joe Balaban said.

Some customers lost service around 9 a.m. when a backhoe lifted a cable, causing
a kink in the various fiber optic lines inside, Balaban said. Some of the fiber
optic lines are leased by various communication companies in the region.

Workers had to cut the entire cable shortly after 3 p.m. to repair the damage.
Many services were restored by 8 p.m. and full service was expected to be
restored later in the night.

Lawrenceville

Man shot in stomach during dispute

A Lawrenceville man was shot in the stomach during an apparent dispute over a
woman inside a crowded tavern early Thursday.

Roemon Howard, 29, was transported to Mercy Hospital with a single gunshot wound
to the abdomen after he was shot at 12:50 a.m. inside J&K's Place on Butler
Street in Lawrenceville. He was in stable condition.

Witnesses told police they saw Howard and another man arguing before gunshots
sent patrons of the crowded bar running for the exit. Howard was found lying on
the ground and was dragged by two patrons to the rear of the establishment while
somebody called 911. The bullet passed through Howard's abdomen and later was
recovered by police. The investigation is continuing.

North Side

Workshop addresses holistic health care

A workshop about holistic health care for pets will be from 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
Saturday at the Western Pennsylvania Humane Society, 1101 Western Ave., North
Side.

Participants will learn about nutrition, spinal health, pet massage and
homeopathic remedies. The workshop will be led by veterinarian Doug Knueven who
is certified in veterinary acupuncture, animal chiropractic procedures and
veterinary Chinese herbal medicine. For more information, call (412) 321-4625.

North

McCandless

Author to discuss how pollution affects health

The impact of environmental pollution on public health will be the subject of La
Roche College's fourth-annual Scholar History Night on Tuesday.

The program will begin at 7 p.m. in Room 103 at the college's Palumbo Science
Center on the East Campus, which is along Babcock Boulevard.

The keynote speaker will be Dr. Devra Davis, director of the Environmental
Oncology Center at the University of Pittsburgh Cancer Institute. She is the
author of "When Smoke Ran Like Water: Tales of Environmental Deception and the
Battle Against Pollution." One of the case studies in her book focuses on the
smog in her hometown of Donora, Washington County, that killed 20 people in
October 1948.

For details, contact Sister Sally Witt at witts1@laroche.edu or call (412)
536-1286.

West

Moon

Landslide closes section of road

A section of Route 3074 -- also known as Hassem Road and Ewings Mills Road -- in
Moon has been closed because of a landslide, PennDOT officials said.

This road previously was restricted to a single lane because of a mudslide that
occurred near the Montour Trail. Because of recent precipitation, the ground has
become more saturated and created additional sliding.

PennDOT's Geotechnical Unit is evaluating the situation, and repairs will
proceed after test results are analyzed. A detour will be posted.

Robinson

Fatal crash claims second victim

A second man has died from injuries he suffered in a two-vehicle crash on Route
60 in Robinson.

Ed Buggs, 22, of McKees Rocks, died at 10:13 p.m. Wednesday at Allegheny General
Hospital, North Side, according to the Allegheny County Coroner's Office. An
autopsy revealed Buggs died of chest injuries. A passenger in Buggs' vehicle,
Tiffany Sites, 21, of Sheraden, was in serious condition at Allegheny General.

Robinson police Chief Dale Vietmeier said weather conditions did not play a part
in the crash, which occurred between the Thornburg Bridge and Interstate 79.
Paul G. Work, 27, of the West End, died earlier Wednesday of head injuries he
suffered in the wreck. Both deaths were ruled accidental by the coroner's
office.

McKees Rocks

Man, 34, pleads guilty to 3 bank robberies

A McKees Rocks man pleaded guilty Thursday in federal court to charges of
robbing three banks in June.

James Joseph Severino, 34, of Firethorn Drive, acknowledged committing the June
2 holdup of PNC Bank on Grant Street, Downtown; the June 8 robbery of the
National City Bank on Chartiers Avenue, Sheraden; and the June 11 holdup of the
US Airways Federal Credit Union in Moon.

Severino used a demand note to get cash from tellers in each robbery, police
said.

Mon Valley

Homestead

Suspect convicted of weapons, drug charges

A Homestead man whose home was raided by a county SWAT team in 2003 was
convicted in federal court Thursday on various drug and weapons violations.

Don Rauol Hough, 27, of West 13th Avenue, was convicted of possession with
intent to deliver cocaine and crack cocaine, possession of firearms by a
convicted felon, possession of firearms in furtherance of drug trafficking, and
possession of an unregistered destructive device.

Police found an assault rifle, handgun, shotgun and pipe bomb when they raided
his home, prosecutors said. They also found $65,000 worth of drugs and $7,800 in
cash, police said.

Man found with drugs, gun, money, police say

A Homestead man was arrested Thursday after he was found with heroin, cocaine, a
large sum of money and a gun in Greensburg, police said.

Jamal Shareef Williams, 26, of West 10th Avenue, was wanted on three Allegheny
County bench warrants and a warrant from U.S. District Court.

According to the criminal complaint, members of the Westmoreland County
Sheriff's Department and the Allegheny County Sheriff's Fugitive Task Force
sought to serve the warrants on Williams yesterday. About 8:30 a.m., he was
spotted leaving a residence on West Otterman Street and then re-entered the
residence with deputies in pursuit. Deputies eventually arrested Williams inside
the residence. Williams was charged with three counts of violation of the
controlled substance, drug, device and cosmetic act and carrying a firearm
without a license.

South

Mt. Lebanon

2 cited for tampering with rail signal box

Two teenage boys were cited for trespassing and disorderly conduct after being
caught Thursday trying to cut the lock off a signal box along the Port Authority
of Allegheny County's light rail transit line.

There was no significant damage to the box and no interruption of service, Port
Authority spokesman Bob Grove said. The box controls the signals to show the
operator if he should stop or if it is safe to proceed, Grove said.

A U.S. Postal employee spotted three boys tampering with the box at 4:15 p.m.
near the Arlington and Poplar stops between Castle Shannon and Mt. Lebanon,
Grove said. He called Mt. Lebanon police, who caught the two boys. It was
unclear last night if the third boy has been identified or if he will be cited.

Region

Southwest Pennsylvania

State grants fund recycling efforts

Armstrong County received a $160,024 grant for recycling enhancement and
Murrysville, Westmoreland County, received a $7,306 grant to improve residential
curbside recycling, state officials said.

The funding was awarded by the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental
Protection Recycling Development and Implementation Grant Program.

Erie County

Defendant seeks to have trial moved

A woman accused of assault in a bar fight last year wants the case moved out of
Erie County because the alleged victim is the daughter of a county judge, and a
key prosecution witness is the son of another county judge.

The attorney for Maria Colon says she denies any wrongdoing in the fight at the
Docksider Tavern on Sept. 29. Prosecutors say Colon assaulted Correy Connelly,
the daughter of county Judge Shad Connelly, by kicking her and cutting her
shoulder with a sharp object. That injury took 14 stitches to close, police
said. John Alex Bozza, the son of county Judge John Bozza, was at work at the
tavern when the fight occurred.

Judge Fred Anthony said Tuesday that he doesn't know if he has the power to move
Colon's case out of the county.

Teachers contract includes raise

Erie's school teachers will get an average raise of $8,500 each over the life of
a new five-year contract the union approved this week.

The teachers had been working without a new contract since June 3 and took a
strike vote in November but never walked out during negotiations.

School board officials say the raises for the 960 teachers will cost the
district about $1.3 million. But the district also will save about $1 million
because teachers will start paying part of their monthly health insurance
premiums for the first time.

The average Erie teacher now makes $46,819. By the time the contract is up, the
average Erie teacher will make $55,334.

Somerset County

Economic council's weaknesses exposed

Somerset County's economic development council needs to sharpen its focus,
according to a firm that compared it with similar agencies across the state.

Mechanicsburg-based Delta Development Group Inc. studied the Somerset County
Economic Development Council. The firm said the council should work on improving
tourism in the county.

Delta Development also said the Somerset County's council could improve working
with county commissioners and suggested inviting commissioners to meetings and
allowing them to vote. Nicholas Felice, the council's executive director, said
the council might do that.

Clarion County

Man charged with assaulting firefighter

A man is accused of assaulting a firefighter who was battling a blaze at his
apartment building, authorities said.

Police said Lawrence Spears, 24, of Clarion, was angry that a nearby hydrant
wasn't being used.

Spears was charged with aggravated assault this week and released on bond. He is
accused of pushing a firefighter to the ground during the Feb. 18 fire, borough
fire Chief Clay Williams said. Firefighters said the hydrant wasn't working.

Jared Ochs, 18, died in the fire, but police said they don't know whether Spears
knew Ochs. Spears was upset that his apartment was burning, police said.

Warren County

City agrees to settle food plant lawsuit

The city of Warren will pay up to $1.5 million to settle a lawsuit accusing
officials of wrongly trying to block the expansion of a food plant.

The family that owns Pellegrino Food Products sued the city nearly five years
ago over a plan to build a 25,000-square-foot addition. The plant now employs 50
full-time workers and makes various Italian food items for customers including
Hormel, Kraft, Sara Lee and Wal-Mart.

The Pellegrinos said the city's former officials and zoning hearing board went
door-to-door to ask residents to complain about the potential expansion at
public meetings. The defendants didn't admit any wrongdoing in settling the
lawsuit and said they couldn't have afforded a jury award if they lost at trial.
The Pellegrinos said they lost about $3 million because the expansion was
delayed 18 months by unreasonable zoning demands.

Butler County

Woman charged with vehicular homicide

A Lawrence County woman is charged with homicide by vehicle while driving under
the influence, in connection with the Sept. 3 hit-and-run death of bicyclist
Robert Beneroski, 46, in Zelienople.

Nicole Anderson, 21, of Edinburg, told police she drank several beers and was
driving along Route 68 to her boyfriend's house when she heard a thud, according
to court documents. Anderson told police the passenger's side of her windshield
was smashed, but she was afraid to stop, the documents said.

She was stopped for a traffic violation in Beaver County and found to have a
blood alcohol level of 0.112 percent, the documents said. The legal limit is
0.08 percent. She was released on bond after being charged Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                            October 29, 2002 Tuesday

Walter Mondale's business connections run deep

BYLINE: Dave Price

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 644 words


When Walter Mondale returned stateside in December 1996 after three-plus years
as U.S. ambassador to Japan, he quickly resumed a prominent place in Minnesota
business circles.

Mondale, who many believe will be selected this week to replace the late Paul
Wellstone as the Minnesota DFL's candidate for U.S. Senate, has been a fixture
on the board of directors of several publicly held companies from the state and
elsewhere. He currently sits on the boards of Northwest Airlines and United
Healthcare along with a New Jersey-based mutual-funds company. He previously was
a director at St. Jude Medical and Dain Rauscher Corp., now part of Royal Bank
of Canada.

A handful of the directorships have been relatively lucrative for Mondale,
according to company proxies. As a director with Minneapolis-based Dain
Rauscher, he owned 6,436 shares of common or restricted stock, including
options, prior to Royal Bank's acquisition of the Minneapolis brokerage in
September 2000. With the merger offer, those shares were worth $95 each, or
$611,420 before expenses were deducted.

Mondale has said he won't comment on the Senate race until after a memorial
service is held for Wellstone this evening. He would be perceived, however, as a
business-friendly candidate -- a relationship that has resulted in benefits for
the former vice president.

United Healthcare pays its directors a $30,000 retainer fee and between $750 and
$1,500 for meetings, depending on whether the board members attend in person or
participate by telephone. Immediately upon his selection to the board, Mondale
received non-qualified stock options to purchase 18,000 United Healthcare
shares, exercisable after three years, plus recent annual grants for options to
buy 10,000 shares.

According to company records, Mondale held nearly 65,000 United shares through
March 9, including options and shares held in a revocable trust and an
individual retirement plan. Based on the current price of the company's stock,
which has jumped 35 percent in value this year, his United stake is now worth
almost $6.2 million.

Mondale receives $25,000 in annual compensation from Northwest, plus $1,000 for
each meeting he attends. Northwest directors also are eligible for free flights
with the Eagan-based airline, although any travel costs are then deducted from
the yearly retainer fee. Mondale took flights valued at $5,178 during 2001, the
most by any non-employee director last year except for former Northwest
co-chairman Al Checchi.

In addition to his previous tenure with Dain Rauscher, Mondale has sat on the
boards of two other financial-services companies, Delaware-based CNA Financial
Corp. and the Blackrock family of mutual funds in Newark, N.J. He left the CNA
board earlier this year after 12 years dating back to 1985, but remains a
director and trustee with Blackrock, which primarily invests in fixed-income
securities and had $246 million in assets under management through Sept. 30.

Mondale was a Blackrock director from its inception through August 1993, when he
stepped down from all of his corporate directorships and was among the first
boards he rejoined in early 1997.

In quick succession, Mondale was re-elected to the boards at Northwest and
United, where he had been a director between 1991 and 1993, as well as St. Jude
Medical, CNA and Interra Financial, the predecessor company to Dain. Mandatory
retirement forced him out from the St. Jude board two years ago.

His term at United Health expires next year.

Since late 1996, Mondale also has been a partner at Dorsey & Whitney, working in
the international corporate practice of the Minneapolis-based law firm and is
chair of its Asian working group. Dorsey is the legal counsel for dozens of
firms in the Twin Cities, including both Northwest and United Healthcare.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 28, 2014 Monday

Health Briefs

LENGTH: 1073 words


Conference on creative arts therapy in health care at USM


GORHAM, Maine -- "Creative Health: Conference for Healthcare Professionals and
Caregivers," a one-day conference for therapists, medical professionals and
caregivers to learn about the uses of creative arts therapies in health care, 9
a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday, May 31, at Corthell Concert Hall, University of Southern
Maine, Gorham Campus. Presented by the University of Southern Maine School of
Music. Organized by Kate Beever, M.A. MT-BC.


Registration is $35 for professionals, caregivers and general public; $25 for
students. Lunch and afternoon snack included. To register, call USM Music Box
Office at 780-5555 or visit usm.maine.edu/music/boxoffice. For information,
visit
usm.maine.edu/music/creative-health-conference-heathcare-professionals-and-careg
ivers.Soul Movement dance, stretch and move


BANGOR, Maine -- Soul Movement with Suzanne Kelly, 6-7:30 p.m. first Thursdays
of the month, beginning May 1, at Maine Holistic Center, 81 Main St. Dance,
stretch and move to rhythm and blues, soul and world music. $10. Benefits the
center. For information, call 745-3157 or email suziekrm@gmail.com.Showing of
Alzheimer's documentary 'Genius of Marian' in Caribou


CARIBOU, Maine -- Cary Medical Center will present the documentary film "The
Genius of Marian" as a special 90th Anniversary and National Hospital Week
event, 6:30 p.m. Tuesday, May 13, in the Chan Center. Free and open to the
public.


The documentary touches on the heartbreak of Alzheimer's disease, the power of
art and the meaning of family.


The film has been selected for 23 national and international film festivals and
has won numerous awards, including the Heartland Film Festival Documentary
Feature Award, Audience Award Documentary Feature Wood Hole Film Festival,
Camden International Film Festival Best Documentary and the Washington West Film
Festival Best Feature Documentary.


Seating in the Chan Center is limited, and people are asked to pre-register by
calling the office of Community Relations at Cary Medical Center at 498-1112.
For informatiom, visit carymedicalcenter.org/marian. Seaport Community Health
Center expands hours


BELFAST, Maine -- Seaport Community Health Center, 41 Wight St., has expanded
its regular office hours to 7 a.m.-8 p.m. Monday-Friday and 8 a.m.-1 p.m.
Saturday. There also is an after-hours call system providing patient access by
phone all year. For inquiries, or to become a patient of Seaport CHC, call
338-6900.


Formerly known as Seaport Family Practice, Seaport Community Health Center
changed its name last July after joining Penobscot Community Health Care and
became a federally qualified health center. This new status allows Seaport
Community Health Center to offer a generous sliding scale to qualified patients
without insurance. All insurances are welcome, including Medicare and MaineCare.
There is a small additional charge for appointments after 5 p.m. and on
Saturdays, which is most often covered by health insurance.


The staff of Seaport Community Health Center recently was joined by Dr. Peter
Millard, family physician, Cheryl Deane, PA-C, physician assistant, and Dr.
Carol Browning, consulting psychiatrist. The expanded coverage allows Seaport
Community Health Center to offer same-day access for patients with acute/urgent
medical problems. Stephanie Taylor, pediatric nurse practitioner, offers
appointments after school for pediatric primary care.


Seaport Community Health Center is staffed by seven experienced physicians,
psychiatrist, pediatric nurse practitioner, physician assistant, two licensed
clinical social workers, RN care manager and RN triage nurse. Integrated health
care is offered for the whole family. Services include newborn, pediatric, adult
and geriatric care; prenatal care and deliveries; women's health and family
planning; osteopathic manipulative therapy; nursing home and home visits;
individual, couples and group behavioral therapy; minor procedures; addiction
care and Integrative Medicine.Maine Dental Association launches pilot program


AUGUSTA, Maine -- Delta Dental Plan of Maine was awarded the Maine Dental
Association grant in January to support the creation of a pilot project aimed at
increasing access to oral health services for Maine's underserved children.


In implementing the pilot project, the Maine Dental Association recently hired a
dental care coordinator to work collaboratively with the Office of MaineCare
Services to identify MaineCare eligible children in need of oral health services
and to establish the children as patients in dental practices and clinics across
the state.


"We know that prevention is the key to ending dental disease. We know, too, that
good habits -- brushing, flossing, a healthy diet and visiting a dentist -- must
begin at an early age. Our goal is to help parents and caregivers access the
dental care that is available to their children," Maine Dental Association
President Demi Kouzounas said in a recent press release.


Modeled after the American Dental Association's Community Dental Health
Coordinator and Portland's Oral Health Program, the dental care coordinator will
serve as a liaison between children eligible for MaineCare and those who are
uninsured, their families and the dental community.


In Portland, MaineCare eligible children are referred to local dentists and
clinics; children in need who do not have insurance or the means to pay for care
are referred to the Bright Smiles Clinic.


According to Maine Dental Association Executive Director Cindy Sullivan,
dentists spearheading the initiative will ensure placement of children in dental
homes and help to facilitate referrals to pediatric dentists and other
specialists for children with the most critical needs.


"The department supports programs seeking to improve access to oral health care
and increase awareness of oral health as an important component of overall
health. Education, outreach and follow-up are critical to reducing the numbers
of children in our state who are not receiving dental care, and we're delighted
to be part of this pilot," Stephanie Nadeau, director, Office of MaineCare
Services, said in the press release.


A similar collaborative arrangement is underway with Head Start programs
throughout Maine. Because of the efforts of Maine Dental Association staff,
volunteer dentists and Head Start personnel, more than 200 children enrolled in
Head Start have a dentist they can see for care.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 28, 2014 Monday

Health Briefs

LENGTH: 1073 words


Conference on creative arts therapy in health care at USM


GORHAM, Maine -- "Creative Health: Conference for Healthcare Professionals and
Caregivers," a one-day conference for therapists, medical professionals and
caregivers to learn about the uses of creative arts therapies in health care, 9
a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday, May 31, at Corthell Concert Hall, University of Southern
Maine, Gorham Campus. Presented by the University of Southern Maine School of
Music. Organized by Kate Beever, M.A. MT-BC.


Registration is $35 for professionals, caregivers and general public; $25 for
students. Lunch and afternoon snack included. To register, call USM Music Box
Office at 780-5555 or visit usm.maine.edu/music/boxoffice. For information,
visit
usm.maine.edu/music/creative-health-conference-heathcare-professionals-and-careg
ivers.Soul Movement dance, stretch and move


BANGOR, Maine -- Soul Movement with Suzanne Kelly, 6-7:30 p.m. first Thursdays
of the month, beginning May 1, at Maine Holistic Center, 81 Main St. Dance,
stretch and move to rhythm and blues, soul and world music. $10. Benefits the
center. For information, call 745-3157 or email suziekrm@gmail.com.Showing of
Alzheimer's documentary 'Genius of Marian' in Caribou


CARIBOU, Maine -- Cary Medical Center will present the documentary film "The
Genius of Marian" as a special 90th Anniversary and National Hospital Week
event, 6:30 p.m. Tuesday, May 13, in the Chan Center. Free and open to the
public.


The documentary touches on the heartbreak of Alzheimer's disease, the power of
art and the meaning of family.


The film has been selected for 23 national and international film festivals and
has won numerous awards, including the Heartland Film Festival Documentary
Feature Award, Audience Award Documentary Feature Wood Hole Film Festival,
Camden International Film Festival Best Documentary and the Washington West Film
Festival Best Feature Documentary.


Seating in the Chan Center is limited, and people are asked to pre-register by
calling the office of Community Relations at Cary Medical Center at 498-1112.
For informatiom, visit carymedicalcenter.org/marian. Seaport Community Health
Center expands hours


BELFAST, Maine -- Seaport Community Health Center, 41 Wight St., has expanded
its regular office hours to 7 a.m.-8 p.m. Monday-Friday and 8 a.m.-1 p.m.
Saturday. There also is an after-hours call system providing patient access by
phone all year. For inquiries, or to become a patient of Seaport CHC, call
338-6900.


Formerly known as Seaport Family Practice, Seaport Community Health Center
changed its name last July after joining Penobscot Community Health Care and
became a federally qualified health center. This new status allows Seaport
Community Health Center to offer a generous sliding scale to qualified patients
without insurance. All insurances are welcome, including Medicare and MaineCare.
There is a small additional charge for appointments after 5 p.m. and on
Saturdays, which is most often covered by health insurance.


The staff of Seaport Community Health Center recently was joined by Dr. Peter
Millard, family physician, Cheryl Deane, PA-C, physician assistant, and Dr.
Carol Browning, consulting psychiatrist. The expanded coverage allows Seaport
Community Health Center to offer same-day access for patients with acute/urgent
medical problems. Stephanie Taylor, pediatric nurse practitioner, offers
appointments after school for pediatric primary care.


Seaport Community Health Center is staffed by seven experienced physicians,
psychiatrist, pediatric nurse practitioner, physician assistant, two licensed
clinical social workers, RN care manager and RN triage nurse. Integrated health
care is offered for the whole family. Services include newborn, pediatric, adult
and geriatric care; prenatal care and deliveries; women's health and family
planning; osteopathic manipulative therapy; nursing home and home visits;
individual, couples and group behavioral therapy; minor procedures; addiction
care and Integrative Medicine.Maine Dental Association launches pilot program


AUGUSTA, Maine -- Delta Dental Plan of Maine was awarded the Maine Dental
Association grant in January to support the creation of a pilot project aimed at
increasing access to oral health services for Maine's underserved children.


In implementing the pilot project, the Maine Dental Association recently hired a
dental care coordinator to work collaboratively with the Office of MaineCare
Services to identify MaineCare eligible children in need of oral health services
and to establish the children as patients in dental practices and clinics across
the state.


"We know that prevention is the key to ending dental disease. We know, too, that
good habits -- brushing, flossing, a healthy diet and visiting a dentist -- must
begin at an early age. Our goal is to help parents and caregivers access the
dental care that is available to their children," Maine Dental Association
President Demi Kouzounas said in a recent press release.


Modeled after the American Dental Association's Community Dental Health
Coordinator and Portland's Oral Health Program, the dental care coordinator will
serve as a liaison between children eligible for MaineCare and those who are
uninsured, their families and the dental community.


In Portland, MaineCare eligible children are referred to local dentists and
clinics; children in need who do not have insurance or the means to pay for care
are referred to the Bright Smiles Clinic.


According to Maine Dental Association Executive Director Cindy Sullivan,
dentists spearheading the initiative will ensure placement of children in dental
homes and help to facilitate referrals to pediatric dentists and other
specialists for children with the most critical needs.


"The department supports programs seeking to improve access to oral health care
and increase awareness of oral health as an important component of overall
health. Education, outreach and follow-up are critical to reducing the numbers
of children in our state who are not receiving dental care, and we're delighted
to be part of this pilot," Stephanie Nadeau, director, Office of MaineCare
Services, said in the press release.


A similar collaborative arrangement is underway with Head Start programs
throughout Maine. Because of the efforts of Maine Dental Association staff,
volunteer dentists and Head Start personnel, more than 200 children enrolled in
Head Start have a dentist they can see for care.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

UNC student, graduate earn Mitchell Scholarships

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 987  words


UNC student, graduate earn Mitchell scholarships

CHAPEL HILL - Sasha Seymore, a UNC Chapel Hill senior, and Thomas Golden, a 2011
graduate from UNC Chapel Hill, have been named recipients of the George J.
Mitchell Scholarship.

The scholarship supports graduate studies in Ireland and Northern Ireland,
according to a university news release.

Seymore and Golden were two of 12 Americans selected Nov. 22 for the award,
which provides tuition, accommodations, a living expenses stipend and an
international travel stipend for one year.

This is the first time Carolina has had two Mitchell recipients in the same
year, and brings the cumulative total of UNC recipients to five since the first
class in 2001.

Seymore, 22, is from New Bern. He plans to graduate from UNC Chapel Hill with a
double major in economics and global studies and a minor in business
administration in May. He is the UNC Class of 2015 class president and is the
head of all student trip leaders for Kenan-Flagler Business School's global
immersions.

He earned the Turner Young Scholarship and the Dixon Scholarship while at UNC
Chapel Hill, was inducted into Phi Beta Kappa as a junior, and is a member of
Honors Carolina.

He gave up offers to play collegiate soccer to receive the Morehead-Cain
Scholarship, a full, four-year scholarship to UNC.

Golden, from Bradley Beach, N.J., graduated from UNC Chapel Hill as a
Morehead-Cain Scholar with a major in English and minors in chemistry and
Spanish. He is now in medical school at Rutgers University.

Golden spent a summer in South America researching healthcare systems for the
impoverished. He later conducted research in Nicaragua on the incidence of
gastric cancer.

Before medical school, Golden worked as an emergency room technician in
Mississippi, and he also volunteered at a community health center in the
Mississippi Delta.

Golden plans to study public health at University College Cork in Ireland with
the goal of improving health care delivery.

see briefs/page A10

UNC-Chapel Hill scientists elected to scientific society

CHAPEL HILL - Six scientists from UNC-Chapel Hill have been elected fellows of
the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the world's largest
general scientific society.

The Carolina researchers are among 401 new fellows chosen for the honor, which
is bestowed upon association members by their peers in recognition of their
distinguished efforts to advance science or its applications, according to a
news release from UNC.

With the addition of the six scientists, UNC-Chapel Hill now has 71 fellows in
its current faculty. The list of fellows appeared in the Nov. 28 issue of
Science. The UNC-Chapel Hill honorees are:

-Nancy L. Allbritton: For the invention and implementation of new biomedical
research tools and the development of small devices to enable more accurate
disease diagnosis.

-Rosann A. Farber: For contributions to the field of cancer biology,
particularly related to DNA mismatch repair and instability mechanisms.

-T. Kendall Harden: For research and service in the field of molecular
pharmacology regarding the understanding of receptor, G protein and effector
signaling in physiology.

-Dale L. Hutchinson: For distinguished contributions to the study of ancient
disease and health, especially in understanding pathogen-host interactions from
human remains from archaeological contexts.

-Karen L. Mohlke: For contributions to the understanding of the genetic basis of
diabetes and related traits, particularly the functional characterization of
associations.

-Nancy L. Thompson: For distinguished contributions to cell membrane biophysics,
particularly the development and application of many novel methods in
quantitative fluorescence microscopy.

MSNBC host to host gay rights panel at Duke

DURHAM - MSNBC host Melissa Harris-Perry will host a panel discussion on gay
rights in the African-American community on Wednesday at Duke University's
Nasher Museum of Art.

The panel will follow a screening of the documentary "The New Black." The film
details how the African-American community deals with the recent gay marriage
movement and the fight over civil rights.

The event is from 6 to 9 p.m. and is free and open to the public.

Harris-Perry, who is also on the Wake Forest University faculty, will moderate a
discussion that will also feature Duke professor Mark Anthony Neal, N.C. State
professor Blair Kelley, black feminist scholar Alexis Pauline Gumbs and film
producer and director Yvonne Welbon.

More information is available at queerhistory.duke.edu.

Former national security advisor to speak at Duke

DURHAM - Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George
W. Bush, will discuss America's position in the world in a talk at Duke
University today.

Hadley will deliver the Ambassador Dave and Kay Phillips Family International
Lecture in the Fleishman Commons at Duke's Sanford School of Public Policy. The
6 p.m. event is free and open to the public.

Hadley served as national security adviser to President George W. Bush from 2005
to 2009. From 2001 to 2005, he was deputy national security adviser under
Condoleezza Rice. He also served as assistant secretary of defense from 1989 to
1993 under then-Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney. Hadley has also been in
private practice with the Washington, D.C., law firm of Shea and Gardner and a
principal in The Scowcroft Group. He is board chairman of the United States
Institute of Peace and a principal of RiceHadleyGates LLC, an international
consulting firm.

The event is hosted by the Duke Program in American Grand Strategy. Peter
Feaver, professor of political science and public policy and director of the
Duke Program in American Grand Strategy, will host the discussion.

Co-sponsors are the Sanford School of Public Policy, the Duke Office of Global
Strategy and Programs and the Triangle Institute for Security Studies. Parking
will be available in the Sanford School's parking lot.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 1, 2000 Saturday

NATIONAL NOTEBOOK

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 797 words


Remember that meeting of Liberal MPs and Paul Martin advisers just one week
before the Liberal convention in March? When news of the meeting leaked out a
few days later, many people wondered how Mr. Martin's crack team of strategists
could have been so naive as to imagine that the meeting could be kept secret. It
turns out they had a very good reason. They had held similar meetings at least
half a dozen times before. Not, however, in the somewhat frowzy Regal
Constellation Hotel in Toronto, but in the much tonier surroundings of the
Ottawa law offices of the firm Fraser Milner. That's where key Martin adviser
Richard Mahoney practises law.
She's a scrapper too

The Prime Minister has often joked that it will be up to his wife to decide when
he retires, and many insiders thought that by now Aline Chrétien would have been
applying gentle pressure on him to move out of 24 Sussex Dr. and into their
beloved cottage. It turns out that Mrs. Chrétien was not amused by the efforts
of Finance Minister Paul Martin and his supporters to turf her 66-year-old
husband. In fact, Mrs. Chrétien is so upset over the brazen backstabbing that
she wants him to fight for a third election.
It didn't look like gum

Life can sometimes be tough for foreign visitors in Canada, deprived as they are
of the comforts of home. Ask members of the official delegation from Yemen who
were here this week with their President, Ali Abdullah Saleh, for meetings with
Mr. Chrétien. The Yemenis were told to leave behind their stashes of qat
(pronounced cat), a bitter-tasting leafy substance that gives you a buzz after a
few hours.

The Yemeni President, who is a reformed qat chewer himself, has banned its use
on Yemeni aircrafts and has prohibited soldiers and officials from chewing qat
during working hours. But you can chew until your heart's content on your own
time in the privacy of your home, says Faris Sanabani, the publisher of the
Yemeni Observer who acted as presidential spokesman.

Qat comes in about 20 varieties, Mr. Sanabani said.

"It depends what kind of mood you want. Mellow. Excited. Horny," he told a
Canadian reporter. "When you come visit you can try."

Unfortunately for curious scribes, Yemen is not on Mr. Chrétien's itinerary when
he visits the Middle East later this month.
Grantosaurus

Deputy Prime Minister Herb Gray is affectionately named the Herbivore by members
of the Press Gallery, in large part because he's been in Parliament since the
last time the Pope wore short pants. But in Question Period this week, it was
Mr. Gray's turn to call someone else a dinosaur. When Canadian Alliance MP Grant
Hill prefaced a question by noting that Mr. Gray's wife, a health-care activist,
thought the government wasn't spending enough on health care, the Herbivore
turned positively carnivorous.

"Spouses are not extensions of their spouses. They have independent careers," he
thundered. "We should be willing to accept that in the 21st century." Mr. Hill,
MP for the Cretaceous period, quietly took his seat.
It's that D. . .wal(l) guy

Former Liberal cabinet minister David Dingwall has definitely exhausted his 15
minutes of fame.
   Patrons of the Delta Hotel in Hamilton recently confused the former patronage
king of Nova Scotia with current Fisheries Minister Herb Dhaliwal.

After an early-morning breakfast meeting, the affable Mr. Dhaliwal was leaving
the hotel restaurant when aides overheard one man whisper to another: "It's that
Dingwall guy."

Okay, the two men are both balding, middle-aged Liberals, but they really don't
look much alike.

Being mistaken for Mr. Dingwall, who was unceremoniously rejected by Nova Scotia
voters in 1997, might not help Mr. Dhaliwal's attempt to secure peace between
native and non-native fishermen in the province.

WHO'S HOT, WHO'S NOT

Hot:Stockwell Day. The man knows how to get attention.
Not:Jason Kenney. The Reform MP jumps the gun and says MP Rahim Jaffer will
support Mr. Day. But the hip Mr. Jaffer wants reassurance that Mr. Day won't
impose his social beliefs on Canadian voters.
Not: Moving vans. The Manning family leaves Stornaway with only a few suitcases.
They must have left the boxes of Bingo cards and chips behind.
Not: Bickering. The advertising duel between federal and provincial governments
over who spends what on health care is a waste of taxpayers' money.
Hot: Newspapers. Someone has to profit from all that bickering.
Hot: Public disclosure. At least Ontario will tell you how much it is spending
on the ads ($3-million), unlike the federal government.
Not: Finance Minister Paul Martin and Ontario Premier Mike Harris. Their "After
you, Alphonse" approach to cutting gas taxes fools no one.
Hot:John Reid. The information commissioner dumps on the government for slowing
down the release of embarrassing audits.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 1, 2008 Sunday

People in business

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 569 words


n Michelle Patzner joined Hillcrest Family Services as controller for the
finance department. A native of Dubuque, she graduated from St. Mary's College
in California, with a bachelor of arts degree in business management, then
obtained her master's of business administration from the University of Phoenix.
She has more than 20 years of accounting management experience in a wide variety
of industries including health care, nonprofit and as a consultant to small
businesses. She will be responsible for the day-to-day financial functions of
Hillcrest programs.

n Hy-Vee on Locust announced the following promotions:

3 Lori Beckman was promoted to manager of perishables. She has been with the
company since October 2005, and completed Hy-Vee University in 2007. She
transferred from the Waterloo, Iowa, Hy-Vee, where she held the position of
full-time assistant manager.

3 Kyle Konzen was promoted to assistant market manager. He has been with the
company since November 2004, and transferred from the Asbury Plaza store, where
he worked full-time in the meat department.

3 Chad LaRue was promoted to Starbucks manager. He has been with the company
since 2000 and transferred from the Asbury Plaza store, where he worked
full-time in the fuel station.

3 Melissa Schaefer was promoted to assistant manager. She has been with the
company since 2002 as a part-time employee.

n Michele M. Thurm joined State Farm Insurance agent Dennis L. Baumhover's team
as an agent staff on May 1. She brings more than 20 years experience
specializing in both insurance sales and financial services and is licensed in
all lines of insurance. She formerly worked at Farm Bureau in Dubuque.

n Robyn McDermott joined Durrant Group as an interior designer. She formerly
worked as a designer for Pigott Inc. and as an account specialist for Herman
Miller.

n Scott Frost joined Liberty Bank as a commercial banker at the newly opened
branch, located at 2045 Holliday Drive. He will be responsible for managing
business relationships with current customers as well as developing new
commercial business within the community. He is a graduate of Loras College with
a bachelor of arts degree in economics and finance and is enrolled in the master
of business administration program at the University of Dubuque.

n Jacquie Roseliep, an oral health and I-Smile coordinator with the Visiting
Nurse Association, Dubuque, received the Iowa Smiles Award from Delta Dental of
Iowa. The award recognizes her compassion and dedication to both oral health and
the clients she serves. She has been instrumental in developing many programs to
benefit both children and adults in the Dubuque area. She will receive a
custom-designed award and 100 toothbrushes will be donated to the school or
agency of her choice.

n The Dubuque Symphony Board of Directors announced the following new members:

3 Andrew Douglas, chief investment officer for the Wealth Management Group of
Dubuque Bank & Trust; Curt Oldfield, vice president of Academic Affairs at
Northeast Iowa Community College; Ginger Sakas, development director for the
National Mississippi River Museum & Aquarium; Jan Stoffel, whose career has
included secondary education, management, marketing, public relations, grant
writing and fundraising at Clarke College, Hillcrest Family Services and Mercy
Medical Center-Dubuque; and Jack Wertzberger, vice president of Institutional
Advancement at Loras College.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pauls Valley Daily Democrat (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 29, 2012 Saturday

United Fund grants lined up

BYLINE: Barry Porterfield, Pauls Valley Daily Democrat, Okla.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 642 words


Sept. 29--BPORTERFIELD@PVDEMOCRAT.COM -- Officials from a whole variety of
community organizations lined up one after the other to offer more on what they
plan to do if granted a funding request from the United Fund of Pauls Valley for
next year.

It came during a recent gathering of United Fund board members meeting with
representatives of dozens of organizations that provide a whole slew of services
to the community.

Connie Weeks, board president of the United Fund effort, says there is a wide
range of services -- from food for those in need to various activities for kids
to health care and transportation.

"This money goes for the needs of the community," Weeks said.

With that in mind the volunteer work for her and other United Fund board members
brings great personal satisfaction knowing the funding will go to help some
really great causes.

"It feels great," Weeks said about the United Fund work.

"I love our community," she said. "I honestly wish we could have even more
services for the community.

"It does feel good I'm a part of this community. It does feel good knowing when
a family that's hungry comes in they'll get the help they need."

An example of the funding requests comes from officials with the local Scouts.

Paul Robbins said any United Fund money provided does make a big difference for
many of the 86 boys signed up for the local Cub Scouts pack.

"Some of the money you gave us last year went for a few uniforms for needy
boys," Robbins said.

Jim Ruster told the group the funding goes to help the local Boy Scouts as many
of the 17 kids in the troop are going for merit badges and have Eagle projects
planned.

A request for funding from Mindy Bellock is for the Healthy Beginnings program
through the McClain/Garvin County Youth and Family Center.

"The funding here in Pauls Valley would help us serve a lot families here,"
Bellock said.

"We know the money is stretched, but it has been very beneficial," she said.

With ridership up for Delta Public Transit, Susan Coldwater said any United Fund
monies would go to help with the increasing cost of fuel for the buses that
cover the Garvin and McClain counties area.

"We use United Fund funding to help cover the cost of fuel operations,"
Coldwater said.

"Ridership has increased immensely in the last couple of years because of the
high cost of fuel."

Another request is to help the general funding of an organization working to
help Pauls Valley's downtown area.

"This is my first time to do this with you," said Samantha Robb of Main Street
Pauls Valley.

"We are trying to survive," she said. "The funding would be to help us continue
to do things that support our community."

In the case of the Pauls Round Up Club, Dessie Daugherty said any funding will
help the group with the local rodeo arena.

"This funding would be used for the upkeep of the arena," Daugherty said.

One funding request is to help bring more visitors to Pauls Valley for a unique
attraction.

Ryan Peacock of the Toy and Action Figure Museum said a United Fund grant will
help with the cost of an Interstate 35 billboard.

"This is a proven way to get people off the interstate and into Pauls Valley,"
Peacock said.

"It will help us maintain that billboard. It will help us bring people into
Pauls Valley."

Officials from a number of other groups also made presentations during the
recent gathering.

As for the overall campaign, Weeks said the board has agreed next year's goal
for United Fund will be $75,000, which represents a slight drop from this year.

"We agreed to lower it because we haven't met this year's goal," Weeks said,
referring to the $90,000 total.

"We think that's more realistic," she said about the new goal.

___ (c)2012 the Pauls Valley Daily Democrat (Pauls Valley, Okla.) Visit the
Pauls Valley Daily Democrat (Pauls Valley, Okla.) at
www.paulsvalleydailydemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120929-YV-United-Fund-grants-lined-up-0929-20120929

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YV


                   Copyright 2012 Pauls Valley Daily Democrat


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                     January 7, 1996, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

BILL 26: Draconian steps disastrous for health care

BYLINE: DR. JOY WEISBLOOM; CITIZEN SPECIAL

SECTION: NEWS; OPINIONS; Pg. A9


The Citizen published a letter on Dec. 27 captioned "We don't need all these
hospitals" in which a reader complained that a Citizen headline that said
"Thirty thousand area residents do not wish to see any local hospital close" was
inflammatory and counterproductive.

As a health-care provider in this region for more than 12 years, I have seen
many changes, but none as sweeping as those currently awaiting ratification in
the provincial legislature. Hospital closures are merely the tip of the iceberg
among the ominous proposals contained in the omnibus Bill 26.

It is true, as the writer observes, that "our tax dollars cannot continue to
support all of the services that we desire and have enjoyed in the past and that
rationalization of services is necessary." However, it is possible to further
reduce expenditures without closing hospitals. Many procedural and
administrative cost-cutting measures have already been implemented, resulting in
far more efficient use of health-care dollars. Examples include the elimination
of many administrative positions, early discharge programs and innovative
surgical techniques that have shaved days off hospitalization and convalescent
periods.

Although this streamlining has resulted in better value for our tax dollars, we
cannot continue to cut spending at the same rate and expect to maintain our
excellent system. As well, once a hospital is closed, money must be spent at the
other sites designated to be alternate providers, or else the public must be
prepared for longer waiting lists and diminished access.

Many well-trained health-care providers will be laid off, increasing the
regional unemployment burden. Many will relocate, resulting once again in the
export of tax-dollar-subsidized high-quality training out of Ontario.

Overburdened facilities

Is this particular writer aware of the number of hospital admissions that occur
that are not medically mandatory? What alternative would she propose to the
septuagenarian spinster, a holiday visitor, who fractures her arm and is unable
to care for herself or travel home in her condition? What of the elderly
bachelor who lives alone, drinks too much and repeatedly passes out and injures
himself? What happens to the infirm when their families become burnt out and are
no longer able to cope with their demands for basic care? These are but a few
examples of patients under my care in the past year.

When other hospitals are closed, such people are likely to languish, possibly
for days at a time, on uncomfortable stretchers in the emergency departments of
overburdened facilities. If they are lucky they will not suffer some further
misadventure due to inadequate supervision or be forced to perform their daily
ablution in some public corridor.

Such events were commonplace when I left Montreal -- not some Third World
country -- disgusted with some of the governmental interventions forced upon
health-care delivery, constraints which are about to be implemented here.

It is indeed time for health administrators to plan for the long term, but since
when do fledgling politicians know what policies are best for the system? I hope
that more than 30,000 area residents are aware of what mammoth proportions the
proposed government interventions in health-care administration will achieve
should Bill 26 pass without amendment, and what impact this legislation will
have.

Instead of consulting the health-care providers, this bill seizes control of
medical administration. It can dictate unilaterally which hospitals will remain
open or close. Staff, including doctors, regardless of their talents or
abilities, will be dismissed with no guarantee that alternate employment will be
offered.

The government also will be able to audit anyone's personal medical record on
demand (whether at the hospital or in the physician's private office), sending
an "inspector" (who need not be a health-care worker and could merely be a
clerk) to peruse the entire record in order to determine whether the services
provided are medically necessary.

I am unable to fathom why the government requires such powers or how the public
could allow such legislation to pass, when it involves not only a violation of
privacy, but just as disturbingly, spending additional tax dollars to
second-guess the physician's expertise in determining diagnosis and treatment.

There are already mechanisms in place to address concerns about physician
competence or possible fraud. The College of Physicians audits, while the health
ministry already identifies and investigates the occasional suspect deviations
in physician billings in a fair and discrete fashion.

Delay in services

In addition, Bill 26 will grant the health ministry the power to review a
physician's provision of services, even in the absence of reasonable grounds of
any impropriety, and to withhold future payments to the physician despite any
ongoing review or appeal.

If a physician obtains a consultation from another that is later found to be
"not medically necessary," the ministry can order the requesting physician to
personally reimburse the plan for the amount that was paid out for the service.
Note that the patient can request any service, but only the physician will be
penalized should the ministry decide that the service is medically unnecessary.
Bill 26 does not define what is meant by "not medically necessary," therefore it
would not be unrealistic for the public to expect a further delay in obtaining
medical consultations, radiologic and laboratory testing and surgical procedures
until the physician receives approval from the ministry, in order to avoid
incurring such a penalty.

Under Bill 26, the government proposes to nullify all previous agreements with
Ontario physicians. Such action contravenes the Canada Health Act and will give
our provincial government the dubious distinction of being the only one in
Canada to manage its medical system without an agreement with doctors. It also
grants the government the power to dictate where they will allow doctors to
practise, in order to ensure service in remote communities, rather than provide
incentives for physicians to voluntarily choose to offer their services.

Does the government expect that an individual would attend seven years of
university training, plus two to seven years of formative medical residency
experience (with incurred expenses), then obediently relocate to some isolated
location, working long hours with minimal support, far from family, friends and
cultural diversions, being paid a mere pittance (when one works out the hourly
rate of reenumeration), merely for the honor of practising medicine?

Not only will such policies fail to attract needed medical resources to remote
communities, they will also encourage the migration of physicians to areas where
they will be not only well remunerated, but also well respected. There is
already a record exodus of Canadian doctors to the U.S. and should such
Draconian measures be implemented, not only will the exodus increase, but our
intelligent youth will be unlikely to entertain the practice of medicine as a
career choice and our medical schools will close for lack of teachers and
students.

The end result will be a shortage of doctors to service an increasingly aged and
infirm populace in the coming years. I make these statements not as a threat,
but as a prediction.

Ontario already has enough general practitioners -- instead of having walk-in
clinics on every big-city corner, why not offer two-to-four-week opportunities
for physicians to volunteer to practise in a challenging setting at a premium
rate? Not only would such practice ensure that underserviced areas receive
medical expertise and full-time providers who choose to work in such
communities, it might entice more physicians to relocate to remote areas.

The Dec. 27 letter proclaims: "It is also time for the health-care providers
(doctors primarily) to stop treating the elderly for every ache and pain
complained of -- or at least to stop charging the taxpayer for doing so."

While your tax dollars are subsidizing health care, so are the physicians. Not
only do we pay self-employed health tax, those of us who employ office staff
also pay employee health tax as well as GST on our expenses, even though we are
not consumers. Under the Social Contract, physicians as an entire group were
given a global budget which was exceeded by 7.5 per cent in the past year so
that all physicians' services were discounted by that amount -- in other worlds,
your doctor(s) and all others in this province worked approximately one month
without getting paid. We did not have the option to take holidays during that
period and were obligated to pay for the pleasure of providing services gratis
while our landlords, employees, and suppliers did not waive their charges just
because we weren't paid.

Younger patients less patient

Furthermore, the elderly have been contributing tax money to the system long
enough to deserve quality health care . Many office visits by my elderly
patients are more medically necessary than those of the younger ones who have
less patience to wait to see whether a condition will be cure itself.

In a system where the public does not pay directly for services rendered, there
is no disincentive to seeking treatment for whatever ails one. If a physician
turns away a prospective patient because he/she considers the complaint to be
trivial or non-urgent, there is nothing to stop the individual from going to the
neighborhood walk-in clinic or elsewhere to be seen.

Many of our citizens have unfortunately been conditioned to believe that because
medical visits are freely available and they do not have to pay directly for
each consultation, the expense is not their concern and that they have a right
to demand as much service as they feel they require.

With the population growing older, the prevalence of diseases such as AIDS and
cancer rising, and costly new technologies and drugs becoming available, the
cost of providing quality health care will continue to rise and we will all have
to decide how best to spend our scarce tax dollars. But the solutions being
proposed by the Harris government are neither "common sense" nor in the best
interests of either patients or physicians. I agree that interventions are
necessary to reduce the burgeoning deficit, but I wonder how many readers are in
favor of continuing to sacrifice more services in order to receive a tax break.

The physicians of Ontario have indicated to successive governing parties that we
are interested in developing health-care policies in conjunction with them, but
unfortunately our expert input is being rejected once again, with consequences
far more ominous than ever before.

Once hospitals are closed, physicians leave the province, and services are cut,
it is no easy task to reverse detrimental decisions.

Dr. Joy Weisbloom is a family physician in Nepean.

Hearings

A provincial legislature subcommittee on the health provisions of Bill 26 will
hold public hearings in Ottawa at the Delta hotel, 361 Queen St., on Jan. 11
from 9 a.m to 5 p.m. The deadline has passed for oral presentations but written
presentations can be faxed to (416) 325-3519.


LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1996

LENGTH: 1887 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Nease 95/

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                           November 29, 1999, Monday

Preaching expansion

BYLINE: TERRY KOSDROSKY

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 850 words


The Rev. Jim Holley searched three years to find a national partner for his
Country Preacher Foods Inc., which funds a foundation that pays for college
tuition.

His goal is to guarantee a college education for every graduate of the Detroit
Academy of Arts and Sciences, a charter school organized by Holley and managed
by The Edison Project.

Country Preacher Foods took a big step toward that goal when it signed an
agreement Oct. 1 with food-supply giant Alliant Foodservice Inc. The deal gives
Country Preacher, which supplies snack foods to institutional customers, access
to a nationwide distribution network and thousands of food products. The first
order was shipped four weeks ago.

Holley, pastor of the Little Rock Baptist Church in Detroit, said he expects the
arrangement to help Country Preacher Foods reach $7 million to $10 million in
sales over the next two years. Previous annual sales ranged from $500,000 to
$1.3 million, Holley said.

Bob Green, market president for Deerfield, Ill.-based Alliant, expects higher
sales volume for Country Preacher once it finds its niche in the institutional
market.

''Once we get his people trained, we'll find his market and source his
products,'' Green said. ''There's more potential than $7 million over two
years.''

Alliant is training Country Preacher Foods' sales staff at its Wixom regional
office. The profit split between Country Preacher Foods and Alliant will vary
with each individual contract.

Proceeds from the for-profit Country Preacher Foods fund the nonprofit Certainty
of Opportunity Foundation, which pays college tuition for selected students.

''I don't want money to be a reason why these kids can't go to college,'' Holley
said. ''I get letters all the time saying financial aid didn't come through or
something else. I can't cover all of that through Sunday collections. And I
think if a student starts kindergarten knowing they're guaranteed payment for
college, they're going to be better students regardless of background or
economic status.''

Holley founded Country Preacher Foods six years ago to fund outreach ministries
and, later, grants for college. He got the idea to use a food-service company to
raise funds after reading about Wally Amos and his ''Famous Amos'' line of
cookies.

The company sells about 17,000 cookies a day to Northwest Airlines Corp. for its
lunch flights. It also sells chips, lunchmeat, ham, turkey and sausage to
institutions such as hospitals and corporate cafeterias.

Holley and Green put the deal together after both did business at the Detroit
Medical Center. That's when Alliant, the DMC's main food supplier, began
carrying Country Preacher Foods.

Green said he wants to get Country Preacher Foods in a position where it
eventually can use other distributors for its products.

''He told me what he wanted to do with the college tuition, and I told him, 'A
few cookies at a hospital is not going to accomplish what you want to do,' ''
Green said. ''We want to get him in a position where he can determine his own
source for distribution. We hope he chooses us, of course. But we're allowing
him to become competitive using our support.''

Holley said Green is the person he waited three years to meet.

''He just wanted to do business,'' Holley said. ''We charities have to do
business with corporate America rather than asking for handouts. Now I'm in a
position to bid against companies like Sysco (Corp.) for accounts.'' Much of the
institutional food-supply business is bid out.

Holley said he plans to bid for supply contracts at sports arenas, prisons and
hospitals nationwide. He also wants to expand his business with Northwest
Airlines.

Marta Laughlin, senior manager for public relations at Northwest, said the
company hasn't had talks with Holley yet, but is interested.

''We haven't been approached yet, but if they can deliver more products, we
certainly will listen,'' she said.

An industry analyst said Holley had to find a national distributor if he wanted
to expand the business. It's too difficult for a local player to compete on
price with big companies, said Jerry McVety, president of McVety & Associates
Inc., a Farmington Hills-based restaurant and food industry consulting firm.

''If you want to expand out of being a cottage industry, which Country Preacher
was, then you have to align yourself with a national distributor,'' McVety said.
''It's also important because companies like Alliant are in the warehouse
business, and that's tricky.''

McVety said Holley's arrangement is similar to actor Paul Newman's ''Newman's
Own'' line of foods. Like Holley, Newman's for-profit company funds nonprofits.
It's unique in that Holley is starting to use a sole distributor, McVety said.

''It's different because of the fact that he would align himself with one
supplier, but this makes him a national player, so he has a lot to gain from
it,'' he said.

Terry Kosdrosky covers the food industry, transportation, steel, international
and Downriver. He can be reached at (313) 446-1626 or at TKosdros@crain.com.


LOAD-DATE: December 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILLING PLATES: The Rev. Jim Holley's Country Preacher Foods Inc. helps
fund a foundation that seeks to offer college scholarships to every graduate of
the Detroit Academy of Arts and Sciences.

                   Copyright 1999 Crain Communications, Inc.


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     April 24, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Sikh temple murder focuses community attention on hate, racism: Skinhead accused
in caretaker death was ejected from military for racism: Incident occurred three
weeks before Gill murder.

BYLINE: DIANNE RINEHART; VANCOUVER SUN; WITH FILES FROM HAROLD MUNRO

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1 / Front

LENGTH: 640 words


One of five men charged in the beating death of 65-year-old Sikh temple
caretaker Nirmal Singh Gill was released from military service for racism only
three weeks before the murder.

Nathan Leblanc, 25, was released from serving with the 1st Battalion of the
Royal Canadian Regiment in Petawawa, only a day after his release from military
prison in Edmonton, where he had served 90 days for stealing military equipment.

But it wasn't his theft conviction that caused the military to declare him
"unsuitable for service,"spokesmen at CFB Petawawa and Defence headquarters in
Ottawa said Thursday.

"He was released for racism," Captain Dave Salhany said from Petawawa.

Leblanc, of East Vancouver, was charged Wednesday with second-degree murder in
the Jan. 4 slaying of Gill, who was beaten to death outside Surrey's Guru Nanak
temple. Also charged are Robert Kluch, 24, and Radoslaw Synderek, 22, of Delta,
Daniel Miloszewski, 20, of Surrey and an unnamed Port Moody youth. RCMP say all
are members of the white supremacist group, White Power.

The 17-year-old , dressed in a white T-shirt and grey sweat pants, stood
impassively in the prisoner's box during a brief court appearance Thursday
morning. He and his co-accused will next appear in Surrey provincial court on
May 6, for a bail hearing.

The youth has been charged as an adult, but his lawyer, Eric Warren, said in an
interview that he will "probably" apply to have him tried in juvenile court.

The four adult suspects were placed in a segregation unit at the Surrey Pretrial
Centre after one of them was assaulted by another prisoner Wednesday night.

The incident occurred at about 9 p.m. in one of the living units where the
prisoners sleep. Police declined to say which of the accused was attacked.

"He was looked at by a health-care worker and did not require any further
attention," said Surrey RCMP Constable Grant Learned.

Learned said the man, who suffered minor bruises, has refused to tell police
what happened or identify the attacker.

Details of Leblanc's brief military career emerged Thursday in a series of
interviews with military authorities, who said he joined the Seaforth Highlander
reserves in 1993, and by November, 1994, had joined the regular forces and was
stationed at Petawawa.

During a routine inspection, Petawawa military police found him in possession of
racist music tapes and began an investigation that lasted several months.

During the investigation, military police were contacted by a Vancouver-area
police force that was investigating Leblanc for alleged racist incidents that
took place before he joined the Canadian Forces.

The civilian police investigation corroborated the military police operation,
Salhany said.

In the meantime, Leblanc was found guilty by a court martial of stealing
military supplies, such as wrenches, a flashlight and green glow sticks, and was
sentenced to 90 days in military custody in Edmonton.

The day after his release from jail last December, he was released from the
military.

Salhany said Leblanc's "general approach toward minorities had become part of
his nature. And the evidence from the civilian police authorities was that he
had become involved in racist activities."

Salhany did not know what civilian police were involved in the investigation.

Leblanc did not serve overseas with either the regular forces or the reserves.

But military authorities were touchy about discussing Leblanc's record. Since
the murder of a Somali youth, Shidane Arone, by Canadian members of the now
defunct Petawawa-based Airborne Regiment in Somalia in 1993, the military has
been under the gun about ensuring its members have no racist leanings.

"We do more than any other organization to exorcise these demons," one spokesman
said, asking not to be quoted by name.


LOAD-DATE: April 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Chuck Stoody, Canadian Press / FIGHTING HATE: Oliver Mayor
Linda Larson holds a poster titled The Real Faces of Oliver after her speech to
an anti-hate conference in New Westminster Thursday. Oliver is the base for an
Internet service provider that critics say distributes hate literature. Larson
says education is the way to fight racism.

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               September 20, 1992, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

SPOTLIGHT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 64G

LENGTH: 823 words


Winston C. Gifford has been appointed director of corporate and foundation
relations at Washington University. Gifford formerly was corporate director of
contributions and community relations for General Dynamics Corporation.  Mary L.
Boeger, director of Hyland Training Institute at St. Anthony's Medical Center,
was chosen as ''Outstanding Professional of the Year'' at the National Treatment
Consortium for Alcohol and Other Drugs, in Washington. The national award is
given to professionals for improving accessibility to alcohol- and
drug-dependency treatment.  Dr. H. Denny Donnell Jr. was named president of the
board of directors at the American Lung Association of Eastern Missouri, at its
annual meeting.  Dr.  Donnell directs the office of epidemiology for the
Missouri Department of Health. Also appointed to the board were: John R. Bagby,
health department director; Thomas R. Collins III, vice president, Mercantile
Bank; Linda Herter Crosnoe, sales representative, Homedco; Grant W. Denison,
corporate vice president, Monsanto; Allison Hawk, senior account executive,
Fleishman-Hillard Inc.; Randolph R. Scott, vice president human resources, Blue
Cross & Blue Shield; and Robert J. Swift, vice president and trust officer,
Central Bank.  Joy Rice Dunkelman, a founder of the local Senior Olympics and
board member of the U.S. National Senior Sports Organization, will receive the
Community Award of Merit of Jewish Center for Aged at the center's annual
meeting Oct.  29. The award, given each year, honors people who work with older
adults.  Wayman F. Smith III, vice president of corporate affairs for
Anheuser-Busch Cos. Inc., and civic leader Ann Liberman will head an 18-member
committee to collect nominations for the annual humanitarian awards of the Human
Development Corp. Smith and Liberman will also plan the awards lunch on Oct.
30.  Dr. Mark E. Frisse, has been named associate dean for academic information
management and director of the Washington University School of Medicine's
Library and Biomedical Communications Center. He replaces Susan Crawford, who
was director of the library and center for 11 years.  Betty Bilgere, former
executive director of Planned Parenthood here from 1971 to 1990, has joined the
board of Reproductive Health Services.  Bilgere is a volunteer for the Delta
Gamma Center for Children with Visual Impairments and is on the advisory
committee of Care & Counseling Inc.  The Long Term Care Ombudsman Program has
elected the following people to its board: Michael Bernard, Kayundra Brown,
Willene Brown, Janice Burggrabe and Richard Cavanaugh, Department of Community
Health & Medical Services; Albernice Fagen, St. Louis School Board; Marian Hess
and Allene Jackson, St.  Louis Association of Retarded Citizens; Greg Krueger,
New Freedom Counselors Inc.; Ken Marx, Baird, Kurtz & Dobson; Dr. John E.
Morley, St. Louis University Medical Center; Gladys Sullivan, Village North
Woods; Michelle Swarmer, St. Louis Regional Medical Center; and Jane Vickrey,
Allied Medical Claims Inc. The agency assists residents of long-term care
centers.  Dr. Patricia L. Farrar, a veterinarian, has been appointed an
instructor in comparative medicine and head of the department's animal research
diagnostic laboratory at St. Louis University Medical Center. She will be
responsible for professional direction and supervision of the lab. She also will
continue research into reproduction of athymic nude mice and infectious diseases
and spontaneous disorders of laboratory animals.  The Missouri State Medical
Association announced that 12 St. Louis physicians - Daniel Abodelly, Jorge
Alegre, David Andersen, Ruth Comens, David Feldman, Abdul Khan, Norton Kronemer,
Lester Reese, Edward Shaw, Clement Sullivan, Tara Talwar and Jerry Tobler - will
receive the Physician's Recognition Award. The award is given to physicians who
complete 150 credit hours of continuing medical education courses in three
years.  Ronald J. Fundis of Hays, Kan., has been chosen vice president of
Jefferson College. He replaces Mel Sims, who retired June 30 after 23 years in
the position. Fundis previously was executive assistant to the president and
director of the Docking Institute of Public Affairs at Fort Hays State
University in Kansas. He taught sociology for 24 years at Fort Hays and the
University of Kansas.  Dr. Robert A. Koetting of St. Louis has been appointed a
member of the American Optometric Association's Practice Management Committee.
The committee is one of 36 committees responsible for developing and
implementing the association's programs.  Vicki R. Holtzapple, an anthropology
instructor at the University of Missouri at St. Louis, has received a Fulbright
grant to spend the 1992-93 academic year lecturing in the People's Republic of
China at the Foreign Affairs College in Beijing. The Fulbright grant is awarded
by the J.  William Fulbright Foreign Scholarship Board.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO HEADSHOTS of (Winston C.) Gifford, (Mary L.) Boeger, (Dr.
H. Denny) Donnell (Jr.), (Joy Rice) Dunkelman

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        March 2, 1997 Sunday 2D EDITION

Readers reach out to help

BYLINE: SEASON TO SHARE

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-31

LENGTH: 2124 words

EDITOR'S NOTE: Post readers have never been more generous.

Thanks to your enormous kindness, The Post's Season to Share campaign enjoyed
its most successful fund-raising season ever this year. More than 7,000 readers
opened up their hearts in the seventh year of the campaign, donating more than $
600,000 to 55 charities in our community. When combined with $ 400,000 in
matching funds from the Robert R. McCormick Tribune Foundation, more than $ 1
million will be distributed to the needy.

Every dollar donated, without deductions for administrative or other costs, will
be divided among the agencies. While the charities each have their own varying
goals, they are committed to helping those in need - the homeless, children,
seniors and those who are hungry or in need of medical attention.

The agencies receiving the money, along with a brief description of what the
money will be used for, are listed in this section. A few of the organizations
are highlighted. Thanks again for giving. - Dennis A. Britton Editor-in-Chief
Executive Vice President   A list of agencies helped by the Season to Share
campaign and the funding that they received:  Arapahoe Advocates for Children
will receive $ 20,000 to provide court-sworn volunteer advocates for abused and
neglected children moving through the legal system.  Aurora Interchurch Task
Force Inc. is a 27-year-old agency that will use its $ 10,000 grant to continue
its mission of providing Aurora's low-income families with food, clothing and
rent support, and temporary housing for homeless families.  Big Brothers Big
Sisters of Northern Colorado Inc., the largest mentoring agency in Denver and
the biggest Big Brothers/Big Sisters organization in America, will receive $
25,000 to help in their efforts to match adult role models with at-risk youth.
Boys and Girls Clubs of Metro Denver Inc., a $ 25,000 grant recipient, focuses
on 8,000 youth clients every year, providing activities held in five branches, a
vocational training center and a summer camp.  Broadway Assistance Center will
use an $ 8,000 grant to help prevent homelessness in Denver through emergency
services, counseling and job search help to low-income people and the
maintenance of a food bank.  Catholic Charities of the United States Catholic
Conference will receive $ 10,000 to aid in its mission of offering nonsectarian
services in the Archdiocese of Denver. The grant will be used to help run six
emergency assistance centers and 23 grassroots food banks.  Children's Outreach
Project Therapeutic Daycare Center d.b.a. Community Outreach Project will use a
$ 20,000 grant to help serve an expanded preschool base of children that will
now include "typical" and gifted low-income children, in addition to the
special-needs children it has always served.  Colorado Health Network d.b.a.
Colorado AIDS Project will use a $ 30,000 grant to support the CAP food bank,
which helps ensure that those affected by HIV/AIDS will have free, quality,
nutritious food.  Colorado Optometric Center Inc. will have $ 25,000 to further
its goal of helping visually impaired, low-income people (including children),
achieve greater independence through improved vision care.  Community Food Share
Inc., which operates Boulder County's only food bank, will receive a $ 15,000
grant to help it collect and distribute food to 111 nonprofit agencies, many of
whose clients include the working poor.  COMPA Food Ministries will apply its $
25,000 grant to build a walk-in freezer. COMPA supplies 54 churches and
neighborhood agencies with food for the poor.  The Conflict Center is committed
to reducing the level of violence in our schools, families and communities. The
Conflict Center now has a $ 12,500 grant to help provide instruction for parents
on how to handle conflict at home.  Curtis Park Community Center will use its $
30,000 grant to help support the shelter day-care program for preschool-age
children living in homeless shelters - one of its many services to the area's
less privileged.  Damen House, which offers support, self-sufficiency training
and a residential program for homeless women and their children, will receive a
$ 10,000 grant.  Delta Gamma Anchor Preschool for Blind Children will use its $
20,000 grant to provide therapy and family support to visually impaired,
deaf/blind or blind/multi-challenged children.  Denver Victims Service Center,
which provides crisis intervention and support for victims of crime, will
receive a $ 12,000 grant to help provide services to child crime victims.
Denver Youth Program dba Denver Partners, which matches adults with at-risk
youth ages 8-17 in year-long mentoring partnerships, served 439 youths in 1995.
It will receive a $ 10,000 grant.  Doctors Care will use a $ 15,000 grant to
improve access to affordable health care for the medically indigent or working
poor who do not qualify for Medicaid.  Emergency Family Assistance Association
will have $ 5,000 to add a homelessness prevention program to its list of
services, which includes meeting basic needs and offering self-sufficiency
programs in Boulder County.  Family and Community Education & Support Inc. will
receive $ 20,000 to establish a home visitation program that prevents child
abuse by supporting parents and strengthening families.  The Family Extension
Inc. will use a $ 10,000 grant to help fund The Inn Between: a residential,
two-year, transitional housing program for Longmont's homeless.  Family Tree
Inc., which provides an array of family service programs, will receive $ 20,000
to aid women in crisis with Jefferson County's only battered women's shelter.
Food Bank of the Rockies will use its $ 30,000 grant to help collect and
distribute food to 534 nonprofit agencies and their clients.  Hear Now will
receive a $ 20,000 grant to help low-income, hearing-impaired children and
adults obtain hearing aids and cochlear implants.  I Have A Dream Foundation -
Boulder County, which provides ongoing educational and support services for
schoolchildren grades 6-12, will use a $ 10,000 grant to help provide a salary
for a new coordinator.  Inner City Health Center provides total health care for
low-income and uninsured clients. They will receive $ 30,000 to support dental
and prenatal health care programs.  Jeffco Action Center Inc., the only homeless
center in Jefferson County, will use $ 20,000 to support emergency services in
their continuum of human service programs. JeffCo Self-Sufficiency Council will
have $ 7,500 to help low-income families become self-sufficient through job
training and stable housing.  Jewish Community Centers of Denver will employ its
$ 10,000 grant to provide scholarships for low-income and special needs children
to attend preschool programs or summer camp.  Kids In Need of Dentistry, which
is supported by the volunteer efforts of dentists, will have a $ 25,000 grant to
help provide quality dental care for low-income, uninsured children.  Latin
American Research and Service Agency will use a $ 20,000 grant to help implement
educational initiatives aimed at improving educational achievement among
Latinos, including a model program at two area schools that will involve entire
neighborhoods.  Listen Foundation Inc. will receive $ 10,000 to help offer to
low-income children its auditory-verbal therapy techniques, which help
hearing-impaired children learn to listen and speak.  Metro CareRing provides
emergency assistance, such as food and utility bill assistance, to 2,300 poor
people monthly. They will receive a $ 15,000 grant. The National Jewish Center
for Immunology and Respiratory Medicine provides research and treatment for
chronic lung disease. They will receive a $ 25,000 grant to support the Kunsberg
School for Chronically Ill Children.  Open Door Youth Gang Alternatives will use
its $ 10,000 grant to help prevent gang involvement by offering alternative
activities aimed at elementary school children. Partners of Boulder County Inc.
will receive a $ 5,000 grant to assist in matching adult volunteers with at-risk
children in year-long mentoring relationships.  Providers' Resource
Clearinghouse uses donations of furniture and household items from 104
businesses for free distribution to clients in need. Their $ 15,000 will assist
in new donation source development.  The Public Education and Business Coalition
will use a $ 20,000 grant to improve education through business/school
partnerships, including a career advisement program with Denver Public Schools
involving Denver businesspeople.  The Rape Assistance and Awareness Program Inc.
will receive $ 10,000 to assist rape victims and educate the public about sexual
violence, including abuse prevention training for grades 3-12.  RB Ranch Inc.
will employ a $ 20,000 grant to provide transitional housing and case management
for homeless families desiring to become self sufficient.  Sacred Heart House of
Denver will be given $ 15,000 to help with housing, support and follow-up
programs for families and single women striving to attain self-sufficiency.  St.
Francis Center, a daytime homeless shelter, will use $ 25,000 to help clients
achieve self-sufficiency by addressing individual needs.  St. Joseph Hospital
Foundation will apply a $ 20,000 grant to support mobile dental services at
Osage Initiatives. Osage provides job training for homeless and low-income
people.  Salvation Army, which assists those who are "overlooked by others,"
will receive $ 10,000 to support an Aurora child-care center for children of
low-income families.  Samaritan House, the largest homeless shelter in the Rocky
Mountain West, will receive $ 30,000 to help fund a full range of support
services that lead to self-reliance.  Sewall Child Development Center Inc. will
be awarded $ 20,000 to help provide educational and therapeutic services for
low-income "typical" and special-needs children up to age 6.  The Shaka Franklin
Foundation for Youth will use a $ 5,000 grant toward its Youth Enhancement
Services program, which teaches people ages 9-21 how to prevent suicide and
other violent behaviors.  Share Our Strength (Denver's Operation Frontline), the
nation's leading anti-hunger group, will receive $ 10,000 to apply toward
enlisting local chefs to teach nutrition/cooking classes to low-income people.
Street Beat Inc. will use $ 10,000 to further its gang prevention efforts
through a variety of tutoring and recreation activities for at-risk youths ages
10-16.  Urban Peak, the only Denver agency with programs that exclusively
promote self-sufficiency for homeless and runaway youth, will receive a $ 30,000
grant.  The Volunteers of America will use a $ 32,000 award to help the Holiday
Baskets of Joy program, one of 30 programs the organization operates to serve
Coloradans' basic needs.  Warren Village will receive $ 25,000 to support a
preschooler's learning center to supplement its services, which focus on
residential programs to help poor, single-parent families become
self-sufficient.  Womens Crisis Center of Douglas County, which helps treat and
prevent domestic violence, will use an $ 18,000 grant to help facilitate an
emergency shelter program, the county's only such facility.  Young Mens
Christian Association will apply a $ 20,000 grant toward scholarships that
enable low-income children to attend 1997 summer day camp.  COLORADO OPTOMETRIC
CENTER, INC. The center receives $ 25,000 to provide free or low-cost eye exams
and glasses to low-income residents at its offices at 2736 Welton St., in
Denver's Five Points neighborhood, and through home visits. The center helped
nearly 19,000 people last year. At right, intern David P. Yesnick checks Beverly
Jaramillo's eyes during an examination in early January.  KIDS IN NEED OF
DENTISTRY (KIND) The program receives $ 25,000 to provide inexpensive dental
services to children up to age 18 whose parents work but have no insurance.
Parents pay $ 15 a visit or 10 percent of what the services are worth, whichever
is more. Above, University of Colorado dentistry student Bev Javason tends to
8-year-old Fatin Ariff at the KIND clinic at Morey Middle School in a January.
LARASA The Latin American Research and Service Agency receives $ 20,000 for
programs such as Amigos de la Comunidad, which helps Spanish-speaking parents
get more involved in their children's education through leadership training and
activities. LARASA also sponsors English-as-a-Second-Language and computer
courses for parents and a fall community walk and school-supply drive. ESL
instructor Patricia Ochoa works out the tangles of English syntax at Smedley
Elementary School.

LOAD-DATE: March 05, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Denver Post file photos

TYPE: LIST

                        Copyright 1997 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 22, 2015 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Business School Honors Outstanding Students and Alumni

LENGTH: 626  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Duquesne University, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following News
release:
At its Second Century Dinner on April 9, Duquesne University's Palumbo-Donahue
School of Business recognized outstanding students and alumni. Honorees were:
Harry W. Witt, 2015 Distinguished Alumnus Witt was responsible for strategic
planning, leadership development and team building, as well as client
satisfaction and integration for Deloitte & Touche before he retired in 2002 as
a senior partner.

A member of the board of directors for 13 years, he chaired the Partner
Retirement Committee for a decade, among other responsibilities. Throughout his
career, he held numerous positions in the firm, which he joined after graduating
from Duquesne in 1962. Witt also has been active in civic groups, particularly
those serving underprivileged youth, such as the United Way, the YMCA, Outward
Bound and other organizations. He currently is active in Hope for Haiti, which
supports the construction of homes and village wells, and The Order of Malta, a
lay religious order of the Catholic church. In 2015, Witt funded the Harry W.
Witt Faculty Fellowship at Duquesne's Palumbo-Donahue School of Business. The
fellowship is open to faculty in any disciplinary area and is one of three new
named positions recently established in the school. Emilie M. Ray, 2015 Young
Alumni Achievement Honoree President of McKesson Pharmacy Systems and
Automation, Ray has more than 14 years of experience in the healthcare
technology industry, working in hospital and retail pharmacy sectors. At
McKesson Pharmacy Systems and Automation, Ray has served in critical leadership
roles, most recently as vice president of the company's outpatient segment. She
also had served as an analyst with Deloitte Consulting. She is a resident of
Cranberry Township. Alex Will, 2015 Dominion Distinguished Scholar Will, an
Honors College student, will receive dual degrees in accounting and finance in
May. While at Duquesne, he has served as president of the Student Accounting
Association and vice president and treasurer of the Student Executive Committee.
He was initiated into Delta Sigma Pi, the professional business society, in
2012. A resident of New Baltimore, Somerset County, Will has accepted an audit
staff position at Pricewaterhouse Coopers and will sit for the CPA exam this
summer. The award, presented to a graduating senior from the School of Business
who best exemplifies the qualities of intellect, character and business insight,
has been sponsored by Dominion since 1992. Tyler C. Montabon, 2015 James J.
Byrne Award for Responsible Leadership Montabon handles some of Cigna Group
Insurance's largest accounts as a senior associate claims manager and has been
recognized as a Change Champion and Veterans Work Stream supporter. He will
complete his MBA at Duquesne this fall and is a member of the Alpha Chi Honorary
Society, which recognizes achievements in scholarship, he also is a member of
the international Honor Society of Beta Gamma Sigma; which recognizes business
excellence. Montabon, a resident of Shaler Township, has extended his community
service to varied organization such as his church, animal rescue efforts, the
St. Vincent de Paul Society and the March of Dimes. Since 2012, the Byrne Award
has been presented to a part-time MBA student at Duquesne who demonstrates a
commitment to contributing to business and society through community service,
excellent citizenship and leadership, and academic credentials. Byrne, former
executive director of The Beard Institute at Duquesne, also had served for 20
years on the Lennox International board.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 23, 2007 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

Obituaries

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 382 words

Adele L. Lang Arlington Teacher, Docent

Adele L. Lang, 95, an Arlington teacher and guidance counselor who became a
docent at the Smithsonian Institution's National Museum of Natural History, died
June 18 at William Hill Manor assisted living facility in Easton, Md., after a
series of strokes.

Mrs. Lang joined the Arlington County schools in 1960 as an English teacher and
soon turned to guidance counseling at Gunston Middle School and the old
Stratford Middle School.

She retired from the school system in 1975 and worked as a docent into her 80s
with the "hands-on" Discovery Room program at the National Museum of Natural
History.

She was born Della Leiman in Brooklyn, N.Y., to Jewish immigrants from Central
Europe. She later changed her first name.

She was a 1933 graduate of New York State College for Teachers in Albany, N.Y.
(now the University at Albany, part of the State University of New York). After
college, she taught English at an Albany junior high school. She settled in the
Washington area in the late 1930s and did clerical work at the Social Security
Administration.

In 1964, she received a master's degree in guidance counseling from George
Washington University.

She was a charter member and former president of the Arlington chapter of the
Delta Kappa Gamma honor society for female educators. She represented the
Arlington Education Association on the board of the Arlington County Scholarship
Fund for Teachers from 1964 to 1971.

Mrs. Lang also served on a county task force to develop policies and procedures
for racially desegregating the public school system and was a member of
Arlingtonians for a Better County, a nonpartisan political coalition that became
active in desegregation.

She was a founding member of Arlington-Fairfax Jewish Congregation (now called
Congregation Etz Hayim).

A longtime Arlington resident, she moved to Easton in 2004.

As a youth, she played violin and helped form a group called the Lamadel string
quartet, which appeared on the New York radio station WBBC in the late 1920s.

Mrs. Lang continued to play violin as a hobby until she donated her instrument
to the National Symphony Orchestra in 1985.

Her husband, Harold Lang, whom she married in 1936, died in 1983.

Survivors include a son, Jeffrey M. Lang of Queenstown, Md.

-- Adam Bernstein

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Impartial Reporter

                           October 25, 2012 Thursday

Generosity overwhelms mother with disabled son

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 592 words


The kindness of strangers meant a 24-year-old mother and her disabled son were
offered a roof over their heads and new furniture after a fire in their home
earlier this month.

Psychology Degree student Teresa Magee's privately rented home in Cavanacarragh
was badly damaged in a house fire, leaving her effectively homeless. With smoke
damage to the property, she felt it was unsuitable for her six year old son
Shane, who has complex care needs and has a tracheostomy (a breathing tube that
by-passes the obstruction he has in his airway). He requires 24-hour care, has
epilepsy, a tracheostomy and is registered blind.

"The utility room was completely burned and the whole house is smoke damaged and
the kitchen is the worst," she said.

"I got on to the Housing Executive to see if I could get temporary accommodation
as the house was unliveable in. The only thing they could offer was a second
floor flat beside Tescos which was [#xfffd]168 a week but my housing benefit is
[#xfffd]78 a week. I am a student. So that would be impossible," she said.

A person who wishes to remain anonymous has given Teresa and her son a home in
Enniskillen while their home is repaired.

And local businesses -- Bracken Beds, Furnish, Delta Direct and Mullan Domestic
-- have all given her items from their shops to replace her smoke damaged
belongings.

Conversely, Teresa felt there was a lack of sympathy from social services as to
her plight.

"I went over to Social Services and the duty social worker on at the time were
not much help. She told me 'we do not have pots of gold'. They were a bit
patronising. They should know that a fire is extremely stressful. She asked:
'who said he can't live there?' Surely as a parent as an adult I should not need
to be told. I was looking for a safe environment for Shane who has complex
health care needs," she said.

Her son had to sleep on a mattress on the floor for five nights as she could not
get help to move his bed.

"We asked to have Shane's bed moved. It is a disability bed for pressure sores.
We had been trying for five days to get the bed moved. Because he was coughing a
lot we were worried with him lying on a mattress on the floor. If Shane needs an
emergency tracheostomy change at night, he needs to be up at your level," said
Teresa.

An intervention by MLA Tom Elliott saw the bed moved in an afternoon.

She believes there are "gaps in the service". And she feels she is being
penalised because she is trying to better her life through taking a degree
course in Derry. She is studying Psychology and attends University three days a
week. "As a student I do not get Carers' Allowance and I am only in College
eight hours a week but it is classed as a full-time course. My Income Support
was stopped which rules out other help through community care grants.

I was encouraged to do this and now I feel I am being penalised. I do not get
Carers' allowance or Income Support and my Housing Benefit is down to
[#xfffd]78. The accommodation they were offering me cost [#xfffd]170 a week. Not
many people working full-time could afford that," she said She feels as a
student she has no choice but to get into debt. In her second year of study, she
could not get Income Support as she had potential access to a student loan. "You
have no choice but to get into debt".

"My aim is to get my degree and get off benefits. I could easily sit and claim
Carers' Allowance and Income Support forever.

"I can't move up to Derry as Shane has his care package here and is settled in
school so I have to drive up and down. I have to go through the barriers," she
said.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       April 8, 2003 Tuesday Home Edition

Project gives homeless, trash a way off the street

BYLINE: MILO IPPOLITO

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1062 words


Orange bags stuffed with trash lined Simpson Street recently, placed neatly at
the curb by six men trying to work their way out of homelessness.

The workers are part of the Superb Project, a nonprofit program created by
Atlanta City Councilwoman Mary Norwood to put homeless people to work cleaning
streets.

"It makes a big difference in our lives, because the majority of us are paying
rent somewhere now," said Alton Carter, 45, who slept at the Salvation Army
until he got the street-cleaning job. "I know it was a blessing to me, and I
don't care who knows it."

Norwood and Mayor Shirley Franklin will celebrate the first anniversary of the
program April 29.

"The employment of the homeless is high on our priority list," Franklin said.

An exact count of Atlanta's homeless population is not known. A report issued by
Franklin's commission on homelessness last month estimated 5,000 to 12,000. On
Jan. 23, the coldest day of this year, just 2,267 homeless people sought space
in shelters in Atlanta, casting doubt on the higher estimates.

Veterans make up the largest group among the city's homeless, according to
recent Atlanta studies. Many have substance abuse problems or mental illnesses.
Families and battered women represent a small portion, according to those
studies.

The Superb Project --- a name selected by the workers because it sounds
uplifting --- has hired 47 homeless people over the past year. At least 10 are
now renting rooms or apartments, and at least 12 have moved on to regular jobs,
such as delivery driver, restaurant cook and warehouse worker, Norwood said.

"If we can help these guys get back on their feet, they can get the next job,"
Norwood said.

The workers earn $175 a week for 25 hours of work. The money to pay them, so
far, has come from $80,000 in federal grants and $80,000 in private donations,
Norwood said. She will have to continue to solicit grants and donations annually
to keep the program going.

The councilwoman and one staff member volunteer their time to run the nonprofit
operation from Norwood's City Council office. The program has no overhead, other
than gloves and trash bags, so the money goes almost entirely to the workers.

Those workers have cleaned 350 miles of streets in all council districts, making
the whole city cleaner, Norwood said.

Work all over town

To ensure that the whole city benefits, Norwood has the crews alternate among
all City Council districts. Unlike community service workers, who are ordered by
Municipal Court to pick up trash as part of their sentence, the Superb Project
crews apply for these jobs.

"Nobody believed these guys would show up every day and work," Norwood said.
"And they did."

The idea of putting the destitute to work on public projects is not new.
President Franklin Roosevelt put thousands of impoverished men and women to work
during the Great Depression, building roads, parks and public buildings.

The Superb Project is "the kind of program that could really give people good
hope that they could move forward with their lives," said the city's homeless
commission chairman, Horace Sibley.

Larry Zachary, a 54-year-old grandfather, has lived in Atlanta his whole life,
but said he had never been homeless until Delta Air Lines laid off 2,000
employees in 2001. Zachary said he worked for Delta as a stock clerk at
Hartsfield International Airport. After his savings ran out and his last
unemployment check was spent, he wound up at the Union Mission in downtown
Atlanta.

Still homeless, Zachary said he alternates between crashing at the homes of
relatives and staying at shelters. He landed a spot in the Superb Project in
October.

"I have enough money to get a MARTA card and get back and forth," Zachary said.

Regular job, too

James Hilton, 46, was hired in December. He also works two or three shifts a
week at a fast food shop. He makes $7 an hour cleaning streets for the Superb
Project and $5.95 an hour as a cook at the fast food store. The two jobs add up
to a 40-hour workweek.

"Even with that, I'm just making it," Hilton said. But it's enough for him to
afford to pay $540 a month for a furnished room, he said.

Although they still struggle financially, the men say Superb Project provides an
honest day's work.

"The people in the neighborhoods, the homeowners, they come out and they
appreciate it," Carter said.

For Hilton, it's the satisfaction of seeing the results of a day's labor.

"You can always see that you were there," he said. "You can always see a
difference."

Norwood thinks City Hall can vastly expand on the work done by her small
nonprofit. "We've got a city that needs a lot of cleaning up," she said.

She can hire 18 workers at a time but has a waiting list of about 90 homeless
people who want jobs, she said.

Mayor's action plan

Franklin did not include the Superb Project among the seven projects she chose
to take on this year to address homelessness. The mayor's action plan calls for
turning an old jail near Garnett Station on the south side of downtown into a
homeless shelter. She also plans to open group homes for addicts; offer
alternative sentencing options to keep homeless people out of jail; provide
emergency financial aid for rent, mortgage and utilities; and pay travel
expenses to send homeless people home.

The estimated price for all that is $10 million in construction and $4.6 million
a year in operating costs.

Sandra Walker, spokeswoman for the mayor, said Franklin is concentrating on the
projects that are most "doable" on a large scale and can be started immediately.

"But she is going to work with Councilwoman Norwood," Walker said, "because she
likes her program."

In its report, Franklin's commission recognized that some homeless people will
never support themselves because of disabilities, mental illness, alcoholism or
addictions.

In some cases, permanent housing and care are recommended.

To get the able back to work, the commission stresses job training in fields
such as health care and hospitality.

Norwood's approach is to jump-start lives by getting the jobless active in
helping themselves and their community.

"It's something these people could do and do well without needing training,"
Norwood said. "All they have to do is expend the energy and do a good job."

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Superb Project cleaning crew Elaine Hammond (left) and Kenneth
Anderson pick up trash near Bankhead Highway. / SUNNY SUNG / Staff

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           October 28, 1999 Thursday

NWA SAYS OMISSION WAS INADVERTENT

BYLINE: STAFF AND WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Regional; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 576 words


Northwest Airlines said Wednesday that Twin Cities-based Hobbit Travel was among
dozens of travel agencies inadvertently left out of a new promotion. The carrier
recently changed its mind about how it would compensate travel agents who
ticketed travelers on certain routes flown by low-fare competitors, increasing
the commission to 8 percent from 5 percent.Hobbit Travel claimed Tuesday that it
was purposely left out of the increase because it promotes Sun Country Airlines,
a competitor of Northwest.

Northwest said Wednesday that between 30 and 40 agencies were inadvertently left
out. George Wozniak, Hobbit's owner, said he didn't believe Northwest. "Give me
the name of just one of the other agencies that weren't part of it," he said.
Northwest said it couldn't produce a list late Wednesday.

UnitedHealth renews repurchase plan UnitedHealth Group said Wednesday its board
renewed the company's stock repurchase program under which up to 10 percent of
the company's common stock may be repurchased. As of Sept. 30, the company had
about 171.3 million common shares outstanding.

Minnetonka-based UnitedHealth said the purchases may be made from time to time
at prevailing prices in the open market, by block purchase or in private
transactions and may be discontinued at any time.
Medtronic signs 3-year deal:

Medtronic, the Fridley medical technology firm, said Wednesday it signed a
three-year supply agreement with Premier Purchasing Partners for coronary
stents, dilation catheters, coronary guide wires, guide catheters and diagnostic
products. The products are produced and sold through Medtronic AVE, and will be
made available to Premier's membership of about 1,800 hospitals and other health
care organizations. The contract is effective Nov. 1.

Medtronic also said it commercially released in Europe and Canada the Medtronic
Kinetra neurostimulator, which the company says simplifies the delivery of
therapy for symptoms of Parkinson's disease or Essential Tremor.
Innovex acquires Thai subcontractor:

Innovex, the Hopkins computer company, said it acquired the assets and
operations of Boron Public Limited Co. for $3.7 million, effective Oct. 3. For
the past five years, Boron has been an Innovex services subcontractor in
Thailand. The deal will provide a $1 million to $1.5 million annual reduction in
Innovex's foreign operating costs, the company said.
Names:

The Egan Cos., New Hope, hired James Malecha Jr., formerly a partner at
McGladrey & Pullen, as chief financial officer. ... nQuire Software, which has
major offices in San Mateo, Calif., and Minnetonka, added Dan Metzger as vice
president of marketing and Duane Cologne as vice president of business
development.

Nancy Thacker, a founding partner of Fallon McElligott Rice, joins BBDO
Minneapolis on Monday as senior vice president and group creative director. She
will be part of a team headed by Dennis Haley, executive vice president and
executive creative director. Jeffrey Harrington, former Media Loft president and
founder/director of Compass Marketing's media group, will be the new vice
president and director of business development. The agency promoted Wes Crawford
to senior vice president, management supervisor and director of finance.
Briefly:

IntraTherapeutics, St. Paul, said it received a $1.4 million grant from the
National Institutes of Health to develop a microangioplasty catheter for
intracranial use.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1999 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Georgia: Twelve UGA Honors students receive Crane Scholarship for
extracurricular engagement

LENGTH: 1346  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


University of Georgia, The State of Georgia has issued the following news
release:

Twelve University of Georgia Honors students have been awarded the William Moore
Crane Leadership Scholarship, which recognizes leadership in extracurricular
activities and/or involvement with civic, community or religious organizations.

The $1,000 scholarship, which is administered by UGA's Honors Program and the
university's Center for Leadership and Service, is named in honor of a 1921 UGA
graduate who was influential in the founding of the UGA Alumni Society.

"This is a stellar group of impressive individuals," said David S. Williams,
associate provost and director of the Honors Program. "With their array of
talents and interests, they are destined to continue making a positive impact
locally, nationally and globally."

Candidates must be third- or fourth-year students enrolled in the Honors Program
with a minimum cumulative GPA of 3.7 and demonstrated leadership in
extracurricular activities. The scholarship is renewable in a recipient's fourth
year, subject to a minimum 3.7 GPA.

"It was a difficult decision for the committee to make as all of our applicants
were exemplary, but those that were chosen rose to the top because of their
outstanding commitment to leadership and service," said Center for Leadership
and Service director Jen Rentschler.

The 2013-2014 Crane Leadership Scholars, along with their hometowns and majors,
are:

Kaytlin Butler, religion and international affairs, Pelham
A promoter of conflict resolution through faith and ecumenical strategies,
Butler is the founder and former president of the UGA Abraham Alliance, an
interfaith student coalition seeking to foster an environment of peace through
dialogue among different religious groups. She also has served on the board of
the Arab Cultural Association, is a CURO undergraduate researcher and works in
UGA's Disability Resource Center. She is pursuing a minor in Arabic.

Dervin Cunningham, biological sciences, Albany
A fourth-year student and CURO Honors Scholar, Cunningham plans to become a
primary care physician. His research has taken him to UGA's Complex Carbohydrate
Research Center and College of Public Health, as well as the Yale School of
Medicine. He's spent time shadowing physicians at the Urology Institute and
Continence Care in Thomasville. He's also a counselor with the Black Education
Support Team, co-founder of Project R.A.I.S.E. and a Roosevelt Scholar.

Anna Beth Havenar, linguistics, Statesboro
An Honors Ambassador and Arabic minor, Havenar also is a CURO Honors Scholar.
Under the direction of faculty in the department of sociology, she produced a
research project on Arabic sociolinguistics and religion. She is the co-founder
of the UGA Abraham Alliance and is an active leader in the Wesley Foundation on
campus, with which she traveled to Peru to teach English. Havenar spent the
summer of 2012 in Egypt, teaching English to Sudanese refugees.

Melinda (Mindy) Johnson, political science and economics, Dacula
With post-graduation plans to complete a public policy graduate program and then
attend law school, Johnson is president of the UGA Undergraduate Mock Trial
Association, a teaching assistant for the Honors Program and a member of the
Arch Society. Johnson also is pursuing a certificate in legal studies and is a
volunteer with the Athens Peer Court, which informs middle and high school
students about the value of the justice system.

Cody Knapp, French and international affairs, Thomasville
A self-proclaimed political enthusiast, Knapp's career goals include serving as
a policy analyst and working to improve the management of emergent global
issues. He is a CURO Honors Scholar, Roosevelt Institute Scholar and a member of
the Dean Tate and Blue Key honor societies. He also is an Honors teaching
assistant, an Honors Ambassador and a member of the Honors Program Student
Council. Knapp is a founding staff member of the Georgia Political Review, UGA's
student-operated journal of political and foreign affairs.

Minh Nguyen, linguistics, Cumming
Nguyen is a member of the UGA Vietnamese Student Association and is conducting
CURO research that focuses on language and internalized racism in the
Vietnamese-American community. She also is pursuing minors in French and women's
studies and plans to obtain a doctorate in sociolinguistics. A resident
assistant for University Housing, Nguyen is a member of the Lambda Alliance
Speakers Bureau and is a founding member and president of Spoken Word UGA.

Kate Plumblee, health promotion, Atlanta
As an executive board member for UGA Relay for Life, Plumblee has personally
raised more than $30,000 through the organization to support cancer research,
due in no small part to her family's history with the disease. With a plan to
attend medical school, Plumblee has conducted research at the Emory Winship
Cancer Center that analyzed the effects of chemotherapy and radiation on older
adult patients. She is a member of Delta Delta Delta sorority, Order of Omega
and Blue Key Honor Society.

John Esteban Rodriguez, English, Guyton
A native of the South American nation of Colombia, Rodriguez's interests include
engaging with disenfranchised communities through policy research and hands-on
volunteerism. He spent the summer of 2011 in Colombia teaching English and
French in underserved youth communities and the summer of 2012 researching food
insecurity in northeast Brazil. An NSEP Boren Scholar who recently returned from
a year in Jordan studying modern standard Arabic, Rodriguez holds leadership
positions in UGA Housing, the Thomas Lay After-School Program, Casa de Amistad
and the Roosevelt Institute.

Nakul (Nick) Talathi, genetics and psychology, Alpharetta
With plans to attend medical school, Talathi has worked in a biochemistry lab
since his freshman year. He has completed an Honors thesis on a protein found in
many forms of cancer, worked with health care professionals in Ghana and
participated in New York University's summer research program to develop
treatments to reduce scarring that comes as a result of radiation therapy.
Talathi is a board member of Special Olympics at UGA and works with
special-needs students in Clarke County in and out of the classroom.

Jim Thompson, psychology and public relations, Atlanta
Planning a career in political relations, Thompson has conducted CURO research
in the field of social psychology and plans to apply his findings to studies of
voting behavior. He serves as the executive secretary for UGA's Student
Government Association and is the director of recruiting for Dawg Camp. As part
of the Global LEAD program, Thompson spent the summer of 2012 in Greece meeting
with leaders in the international fight against human trafficking, which
inspired his decision to pursue coursework in mass communications.

Taryn Winston, political science and public affairs journalism, Lawrenceville
Studying political science and public affairs journalism with a pre-law intent,
Winston is an adviser and advocate in the University Judiciary, an assistant
director of the Student Legal Services program, a member of the Student Alumni
Council and a staff writer for student-run Georgia Political Review. She also is
a volunteer with Shop with a Bulldawg and is a tutor and mentor in the Thomas
Lay After-School Program. In the summer of 2013, Winston was chosen for the
Honors in Washington Internship Program, where she interned in the office of
U.S. Rep John Barrow.

Jessica Wolf, geography and Spanish, Decatur
Wolf is an intern with UGArden, a student-run community garden. She has
established a mobile market to provide produce from UGArden to underserved
Athens residents. She also serves as co-director of the Athens Community Council
on Aging's community garden. Wolf is the public affairs director at WUOG, UGA's
college radio station, where she hosts shows on Scandinavian music and
independent pop music. She will study abroad in fall 2014, taking Spanish
courses and pursuing an internship in urban agriculture.

For further information please visit: http://news.uga.edu/

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            October 24, 2004 Sunday

Rural barriers: Rights of disabled often get short shrift

BYLINE: Amy Joi Bryson Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 1271 words


When Sandy Nielson's 5-year-old daughter was shot through the neck in a hunting
accident, it was the beginning of a long struggle for the Delta woman.

It was more than a bullet rendering Jamie Moore with quadriplegia, zapping all
movement in her limbs with the exception of her right wrist.

It was more than being a farmer's wife with seven other children at home to look
after.

The struggle was entrenched in geography, with distance and isolation serving as
the barrier to services her daughter so desperately needed.

"The challenges are great in the rural areas," Nielson said. "As hard as it is
for a person with a disability in the urban area, it is many times harder in the
rurals because there just aren't the same services."

When Nielson is asked to describe the availability of public transportation
while her daughter was growing up, her response is quick.

"There's none."

Home health care?

None.

Automatic doors at schools for people with disabilities?

Not until Nielson waged her battle, going to the school district and insisting
on accommodations for her daughter.

The result?

Jamie was provided with a sort of "garage door-style opener" to open the school
doors so she could come and go in her wheelchair without the assistance of
others.

The other result?

Nielson received a telephone call at home from a school official, who she said
told her, "I just want you to know how much money this is costing us."

"The hair on my head just stood up. I will never stop advocating for kids with
disabilities. And I told him this wasn't just for Jamie. When she leaves the
school, there will be other kids who use it."

Across the state, there are 376,000 people with disabilities, according to
numbers provided by the Disability Law Center. While the Wasatch Front has a
network of providers and support systems in place to make services accessible,
the same is often not true for rural areas, which suffer from lack of
transportation, lack of coordinated support and buildings and sidewalks that are
inaccessible. People with disabilities often face barriers when it comes to
employment and getting an education. They also frequently encounter
discrimination, especially if mental-health issues are involved.

To that end, the Disability Law Center launched its ambitious "Listen and Learn
Tour," this year. The tour has held meetings in 19 rural counties so far -- from
Randolph in the north to La Verkin in the south.

Center director Fraser Nelson said discrimination against people with
disabilities has become the last acceptable marginalization of a whole segment
of society -- a marginalization often compounded in rural areas.

"What we have found in the tour is the acuity of that experience is even more so
there than in urban areas -- that there is this sense of 'otherness' and lack of
self-advocacy. It all comes together to present challenges."

The latest census numbers show that some of Utah's most rural areas have the
highest percentage of people with disabilities, even more so than the urbanized
Wasatch Front.

Carbon County, for example, has 21 percent of its population suffering from a
disability, compared to Utah County with 10 percent.

The highest is San Juan County, with 23 percent. Contrast that to Salt Lake
County with 14 percent and Davis with 11 percent.

At each of the "Listen and Learn" meetings, several themes emerged, including:

-- Very limited, inadequate, poor quality or poorly coordinated services are a
concern.

-- Individuals want training in self-advocacy, especially special education and
access to resources.

-- Rural Utahns with disabilities face enormous barriers to employment.

-- Discrimination continues to be felt, notably in education, housing,
employment and certain services.

-- While people appreciated the meetings, they were skeptical the center will
follow through.

"The message we're getting is 'Don't underestimate us but don't forget us,'"
Nelson said. "We can't sit on our laurels and assume they are going to call us."

The outreach then is intended to tap locals interested in advocacy, train them
on rights associated with special education, housing, job training and other
arenas and set them loose with guidance. A nearly $12,000 grant from the Jerome
S. and Grace H. Murray Foundation will help pay for the follow-up training.

"It's very important for the rural community to hold us accountable in this
effort," Nelson said.

While the center has established outreach efforts in institutions such as the
prison or the Utah State Hospital, Nelson said the tour represents the first
time the center has reached out to this extent in the most remote locations in
the state.

"Instead of telling people, 'you come here,' we are saying we will go to them
and get our comeuppance locally. "

To that end, the center brought on Khando Chazotsang to head up the coordination
of the tour, which she said will ultimately result in the formation of four
regional councils.

Chazotsang spends her days reaching out to people in rural areas and arranging
the town meetings far enough in advance in hopes of getting ample participation.

"Each of these counties have to be visited. If we don't, there is no credibility
to what we do."

Ultimately, Chazotsang said a pamphlet will be published and given to each Utah
legislator describing the tour, the feedback and what advocates hope to get
accomplished. The next meetings are scheduled for 7 p.m. Nov. 4 in Delta at the
Main Street Community Center and at 6 p.m. Nov. 10 at the Morgan County Library.

Nielson, who found out early on with her daughter that advocacy is the only way
to bring about change, agreed to be the Delta "connection" and organize that
event.

"I'm glad we are having these meetings so people can see what we are up
against," she said. "It seems to me that to get any services beyond the basics,
parents have to get fired up and involved. You can't just sit back."

Nielson recalls the years spent fighting for her daughter and believes the
efforts, to a large extent, have shown results.

"People see the disability and that is all they see," Nielson said. "But it is
only a section of who she is. It is amazing she has come this far."

Jamie, now 21, is in her second year at Brigham Young University and hopes to
have a career working with children with disabilities.

She lives in Provo, where the challenges are not as great

"I did enjoy growing up in a small town, but the disadvantage is that there were
not a lot of services offered," Moore said.

Like her mother, she recalls the fight it took to get an automatic door opener
installed at the public school.

"It wasn't that the request was extraordinary -- it was a reasonable request."

But Moore said because the school had never before dealt with a disability like
hers, there was reluctance to make the effort for one student.

"We were surprised they weren't more willing and they took this attitude that it
was just for me," she said. "It kind of made me feel like they were putting up
this wall to fight against me and taking it personally, simply because we were
one of the first people to demand much from them."

Nielson said she could fill up "volumes" with her frustration at trying to get
services -- and she is well aware of how expensive some of the programs are, as
well as the accommodations that need to be made.

"The last thing in the world I wanted to do is depend on other people to help
me," she said. "I know these programs cost money and come out of tax dollars,
but my family and this child is going to be a contributor to society because of
the help we have received -- and it was because we were proactive. We had to
fight hard to get the help." E-mail: amyjoi@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     October 14, 2002 Monday Final Edition

Business Calendar

SOURCE: Vancouver Sun

SECTION: Business BC; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 834 words

THE WEEK OF OCT. 15-21

TUESDAY

Our Time to Shine: Opening Up British Columbia (Gordon Campbell). Vancouver
Board of Trade luncheon meeting. Vancouver Convention Centre, 11:30 a.m. Members
and guests $55; non-members $75 (&GST). Registration (604) 641-1248 or
www.boardoftrade.com

Dr. Romayne Gallagher, Division of Palliative Care, UBC Department of Family
Practice, speaker. Rotary Club of Vancouver luncheon meeting. Hotel Vancouver,
noon. Guests $32. Public welcome. Reservations 604 685-0481 (Pam Stewart).

Sales Talk : Managing the Sales Communication Process. UBC Commerce Executive
Education. UBC Robson Square, Oct. 15-16. 8:30 a.m. Fee $895 (&GST). Information
(604) 822-9860 or www.commerce.ubc.ca/exec_ed

Fundamentals of Finance & Accounting for the Non-Accountant. UBC Commerce
Executive Education. UBC Robson Square, Oct. 15-17, 8:30 a.m. Fee $1295 (&GST).
Information (604) 822-9860 or www.commerce.ubc.ca/exec_ed

How Safe are Your Mutual Funds ? Partners in Planning Financial Services. 7 p.m.
Free.

Reservations 604 541-2690.

WEDNESDAY

B.C. Risk and Insurance Management Association luncheon meeting. Four Seasons,
11:45 a.m. Members $35; non-members $40. Registration 604-984-1645 (Chris Hext)
or chext@seaspan.com

Women in Technology: Managing Careers, Others and Ourselves. B.C. Technology
Industry Association. Hyatt Regency, 7:15 a.m. Members $15; non-Members $30.
Information (604) 683-6159 or abaggett@bctia.org

How to Improve the Bottom Line. Institute of Chartered Accountants breakfast
workshop. Sutton Place, 7:00 a.m. Members $85; non-member $95. Information
(604)739-4385 or www.lead-manage.com

A Hybrid Public/Private Sector Health Care System: The Way of the Future? (Colin
Hansen, Carl F. Roy, Bob Breen, Dr. Robert Snihura, Dave Park).

Vancouver Board of Trade Policy Forum. The Coast Plaza Hotel, 7:30 a.m. Members
and guests $40; non-members $50 (&GST). Registration (604) 641-1248 or
www.boardoftrade.com

WWW.I'mNotHappy.com (Michelle Ray). Project Management Institute (West Coast
B.C. Chapter) dinner meeting. Metrotown Holiday Inn, 5:30 p.m. Members $40;
non-members $45. registration www.pmi.bc.ca

Grow Your Business, Build a Solid Client Base, and Receive Plenty of Referrals.
Business Referral Exchange and Roundtable Breakfast meeting. Park Royal White
Spot, 7:15 a.m. Information (604) 736-1840 or www.superstarnetworking.com

Protecting Your Company Assets through Security Audits (Doug Steele, Grant
Thornton & Lloyd Ellam). CIO Association of B.C.. Four Seasons Hotel, noon.
Members $35; non-members $55. Registration (604) 904-5777 (Judy).

eBusiness Connection Brownbag Seminar Series (Garrett Wasny). Canada/B.C.
Business Services Society boardroom, noon. Bring your lunch. Fee $10.
Registration (604) 775-7532 or www.e-bc.ca

Is Now the Time to Invest in an Aggressive Mutual Fund? Partners in Planning
Financial Services. 7p.m. Free. Reservations (604) 541-2690 (Carey Vandenberg).

THURSDAY

What CFO's Should Be Doing to Comply with "The New Rules" (Barb Livingston, Vern
Pecho, Marty McConnell). B.C. Technology Industry Association breakfast.
Terminal City Club, 7:30 a.m. Members $20; non-Members $35. Information (604)
683-6159 or abaggett@bctia.org

US / Canada Trade -- Let's Make A Deal ! (Roger Simmons). Abbotsford Chamber of
Commerce breakfast. The Rancho, Abbotsford, 8 a.m. $15 (up until Oct.11) ; $17
(after). Information (604) 859-9651 or www.abbotsfordchamber.com

Canada's Private Broadcasters and The Economy: A Vital Partnership (Glenn
O'Farrell). Vancouver Board of Trade luncheon meeting. Pan Pacific, 11:45 a.m.
Members and guests $55; non-members $75 (& GST). Registration (604) 641-1248 or
www.boardoftrade.com

Seattle Leadership Conference (Bob Drewel). Vancouver Board of Trade dinner.
Fairmont Hotel, 6 p.m. Members and guests $95; non-members $110 (&GST).
Registration (604) 641-1248 or www.boardoftrade.com

A Turning Point (Nikka Kankei). SFU Harbour Centre lecture. 515 W. Hastings, 6
p.m. Free. Reservations (604) 291-5117.

"Presentation Skills" (Triana Rutherford). Meeting Professionals International
B.C. Chapter luncheon. Delta Pinnacle, 11:30 a.m. Members $40; non-members $50.
Reservations (604)298-1411 or eventworks@telus.net

Killer Presentations (David Fine). Canadian Investor Relations Institute-B.C.
Chapter. Terminal City Club, 7:00 a.m. Members $15; non-members $35.
Registration (604) 609-4408.

What You Should Know About Scholarship Trust RESP's. Partners in Planning
Financial Services. 7p.m. Free. Reservations (604) 541-2690 (Carey Vandenberg).

FRIDAY

The Pound, The Dollar And The Euro: Views from London on Financial Markets,

Commerce, P3s and More (Michael Oliver). Vancouver Board of Trade luncheon
meeting. The Pan Pacific, 11:45 a.m. Members and guests $55;non-members $75 (&
GST). Registration (604) 641-1248 or www.boardoftrade.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Ledger Dispatch (California)

                     October 15, 2000 Sunday FINAL EDITION

VOTERS FACE YES OR NO ON CLOSURE

BYLINE: Greg Cannon

SECTION: OPINION; Los Medanos Hospital District; Pg. P11

LENGTH: 836 words

DATELINE: PITTSBURG


PITTSBURG Few elections offer voters such a sharply defined, single issue by
which to gauge candidates as will the race for two seats on the five-member Los
Medanos Community Healthcare District Board.

The election may well be a resolution on dissolution.

Whether the district should continue operating has been an issue since Los
Medanos Hospital closed in 1994 after filing bankruptcy.

Residents of Pittsburg, Bay Point and parts of Antioch, Clayton and Concord pay
taxes that support the health-care district and can vote in this race.

The two incumbents, Roseanne Lazio and Bruce Croskey, favor maintaining the
district to promote and support community health care. This past year the board
majority voted to dispense up to $100,000 a year to community projects.

Lazio and Croskey are being challenged by dissolution backers Darnell Turner of
Pittsburg and Tanya Duke of Bay Point. Dissolution backers say the district
should disband and that all the taxes collected should be used to pay off the
district's debts. Turner was appointed to the board in December of 1993 but
resigned three months later when he learned the hospital would be closing.

Dissolution supporters were hoping that the victory of at least one of their
candidates would upset the current pro-district majority and lead to
dissolution.

However, even if both Turner and Duke win, the fate of the district is uncertain
because of actions by Contra Costa County and the health-care district board
majority during recent months.

This past summer, the county Local Agency Formation Commission voted against
putting the dissolution issue on the ballot.

Soon after, the district's three-member board majority declared that the seats
of the two pro-dissolution board members, Dan DeMiglio and Angelina Allen, were
vacant, citing their spotty attendance records. The ouster occurred shortly
after the election filing deadline.

It's up to the board to appoint replacements for DeMiglio and Allen. If the
board fails to make the appointments, the task falls to the Board of
Supervisors.

Now it's the voters' turn. There's no middle ground here. Candidates are either
for dissolution or against it.

DARNELL TURNER

Age: 39

City: Pittsburg

Occupation: Sales and technical support supervisor, Bio-Rad Laboratories

Education: B.A., business administration, Cal State Hayward

Background: Served four months on hospital district board in 1993 after
appointment to fill vacancy; executive committee member and past first vice
president, Pittsburg chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of
Colored People; president-elect, Black Families Association of Contra Costa;
past advisory board member for the United Way, Delta 2000, New Connections.

Positions: Chairman of the Committee to Dissolve Los Medanos Tax District. Wants
dissolution question decided by voters. Wants Pittsburg, not the county, to be
district successor.

ROSEANNE LAZIO

Age: 59

City: Pittsburg

Occupation: Registered nurse, critical care, Mt. Diablo Medical Center

Education: A.S., nursing, Los Medanos Community College, advanced certification
in critical care

Background: Board member since 1992; member, Dow Chemical Community Advisory
Commission; former volunteer art teacher and Oakland Archdiocese school board
member for St. Peter Martyr School, Pittsburg.

Positions: Wants the district to take an active role in fostering community
health care programs via a grant program and direct support of school-based
health education programs, health-information resources, immunization drives and
the like.

TANYA DUKE

Age: 42

City: Bay Point

Occupation: Elementary school teacher

Education: B.A. in liberal studies from Chico State; multiple-subject teaching
credential from Chico State.

Background: A member of the Committee to Dissolve the Los Medanos Hospital Tax
District. Former member of the Pittsburg Citizens Advisory Council by virtue of
involvement with the Chamber of Commerce.

Positions: Says the tax district needs to be dissolved because, without a
hospital, it no longer has a purpose. Says voters in the hospital tax district
should have a chance to say whether the district is dissolved, since they
approved the bonds used to build the now-defunct hospital. If the district is
dissolved, she thinks the Pittsburg, not Contra Costa County, should be the
successor agency.

BRUCE CROSKEY

Age: 57

City: Pittsburg

Occupation: Dean, Heald College, Martinez campus

Education: B.A. in history and business, St. Mary's College; MBA, Ph.D. in
education, University of Hawaii

Background: Appointed to hospital district in 1994, elected in 1996; served on
hospital district subcommittees since 1984.

Positions: Says dissolution makes no sense for the district, because tax revenue
would leave the district. Says the district can help support organizations that
are providing health care in the community, such as mobile clinic services,
immunizations, no-cost dental clinic services and the like.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mugshots of Darnell Turner, Roseanne Lazio, Tanya Duke, Bruce
Croskey

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           December 22, 2011 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

OBITUARIES

SECTION: MCDUFFIE MIRROR; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 807 words


MR. WILLIE JOE BELL

WARRENTON, Ga. - On Saturday, Dec. 10, 2011, God called one of His angels home,
Mr. Willie Joe Bell.

He lived his last days at Warrenton Health and Rehab. He was born to the late
Mr. and Mrs. Wesley and Hattie Bell on Dec. 19, 1938, in Hancock County. He
dedicated himself to 14 years as a custodian at M.E. Freeman Elementary School.

He leaves to cherish a wonderful wife of 50, Mrs. Urodee J. Bell; two daughters
Bernstine Bell and Nicki Dukes, both of Warrenton; one sister, Susie Mae Bonner
of Warrenton; two brothers, Robert Bonner of Lincolnton, and Terry Barksdale of
Thomson; and a very special granddaughter, Na'kiara Rudy Dukes.

Dawsons Mortuary was in charge of arrangements.

MR. JACOB HERBERT MUSIC TEACHER

THOMSON, Ga. - Mr. Jacob Hebert, 83, of Thomson, died Dec. 13, 2011, at McDuffie
Regional Medical Center.

Mr. Hebert was born in Jennings, La., and lived in Columbia County and Richmond
County, Ga., for many years. He retired as a music teacher and taught in many
schools, including Evans High School. Mr. Hebert was also a Baptist by faith.

Survivors include his daughters, Polly Voshell and husband, Dean, of Warrenton,
and Becky Norton, of Thomson; and four grandchildren and five
great-grandchildren.

Beggs Funeral Home was in charge of arrangements.

MR. DAVID LYNN MCCLAIN

LINCOLNTON, Ga. - Mr. David Lynn McClain, 50, of Lincolnton, died Saturday, Dec.
17, 2011, at Wills Memorial Hospital, Washington.

Mr. McClain, son of the late Jack and Lonita McClain, was a native of
Hendersonville, N.C., and had lived in Thomson until recently moving to
Lincolnton. He was a U.S. Army veteran and worked as a glazier. He was a member
of Vine Community Church, Thomson.

Survivors include his wife, Robin Miller; sons, Chris Miller, Swainsboro,
Michael McClain, Lincolnton, Jacob Miller, Macon, and Matt McClain, Cumming;
daughters, Shannon Silvers, Gainesville, and Laura Gaines, Lincolnton; brothers,
Steve McClain, Elijay, Mike McClain, Cumming, Scott McClain, Cumming; and 12
grandchildren.

Funeral services were held Tuesday, Dec. 20, at 2 p.m. at Vine Community Church,
Thomson. Burial followed in Lincolnton City Cemetery.

Beggs Funeral Home was in charge of arrangements.

MRS. SYLVIA ANN PATE

Dearing, GA. - Mrs. Sylvia Ann Pate, of Dearing, died Dec. 11, 2011.

Mrs. Pate was a retired bus driver for the McDuffie County Board of Education.

Survivors include her son, Mike Pate, and mother, Sara Phillips, both of
Dearing.

Beggs Funeral Home was in charge of arrangements.

MRS. MYRNA STEELE ROBERTS

ALPHARETTA, Ga. - Mrs. Myrna Steele Roberts, age 34, of Roswell, died Dec. 18,
2011. Myrna was a devoted wife and mother who balanced caring for her family,
her faith and a successful career.

She graduated with a master's degree in Business Administration from Southern
Polytechnic University, and worked as a project manager for the Georgia Tech
Research Institute. She was also pursuing a second master's degree in Systems
Engineering.

Myrna was a member of Gamma Phi Beta sorority and Delta Mu Delta International
Honor Society and was active with the Susan G. Komen Foundation, the Sickle Cell
Foundation and the Prostate Cancer Foundation, as well as a volunteer with
Children's Healthcare of Atlanta. She was an active member of Alpharetta First
United Methodist Church and attended the Family Ties Sunday School Class.

Myrna is survived by her loving husband, Matt; two daughters, Olivia and Leila;
parents, Brent and Debbie Steele; sister, Mya; grandparents, Myrna Copley and
Mr. and Mrs. John Simpson; and many special friends.

Myrna was preceded in death by her beloved brother, Daniel.

A graveside service will be held on Thursday, Dec. 22, at 1 p.m. at Green Lawn
Cemetery, 950 Mansell Rd., Roswell, GA 30076, followed by a memorial service at
2:30 p.m. at Alpharetta First United Methodist Church, 69 North Main St.
Alpharetta, GA 30009. In lieu of flowers, donations may be offered to the Sickle
Cell Foundation in memory of Myrna.

MR. RICHARD LEE WHITENER THOMSON COMPANY

THOMSON, Ga. - Mr. Richard Lee Whitener, 70, of Thomson. died Dec. 13, 2011, at
his residence with his family present.

Funeral services were held at 2 p.m., Friday, Dec. 16, 2011, at the Beggs
Funeral Home Chapel with the Revs. Paul Reviere and Grant Cantrell officiating.
Interment followed in Resthaven Cemetery, Washington.

Mr. Whitener was born in Tignall, but lived most of his life in McDuffie County,
where he retired from Thomson Company after many years of service. Mr. Whitener
was also a Baptist by faith.

He is survived by his daughter, Lee Ann Whitener, Thomson; brother, Henry
Whitener, Washington; sisters, Doris Burkhart, Dearing and Reba Edmonds,
Thomson; and grandchildren, Mary Frances Richards and Ayden Lee Whitener.

Memorials may be made to Regency Hospice or Tabor Baptist Church.

Beggs Funeral Home was in charge of arrangements.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     June 28, 2005 Tuesday ST. PAUL EDITION

EXPANDED RETRAINING SOUGHT
EXISTING BENEFITS COVER ONLY MANUFACTURING WORKERS WHO LOSE THEIR JOBS TO
OUTSOURCING

BYLINE: JULIE FORSTERPioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 517 words


To gear up for a new career, Brian Tucci took out loans and received help from
his family to pay for school after he was laid off from his aircraft mechanic
job two years ago.

If he had been laid off from a manufacturing job lost to offshoring, he would
have had more generous unemployment benefits, tuition, books, tools, and, if
needed, his relocation costs covered. He would also be eligible for
reimbursement on 65 percent of his health care premiums. But under current
federal law, those more generous benefits are not extended to workers who work
in what are considered service-industry jobs.

"I checked into it right away, and they said no, it's supposed to be just
manufacturing workers," said Tucci, 32, of Eagan.

Though it may be too late for Tucci, the union representing mechanics at
Northwest Airlines is looking to help others.

The Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association Local 33 is supporting national
legislation that would extend what are called trade adjustment assistance
benefits to service employees whose jobs have been outsourced.

Under that program, a person could conceivably receive benefits for 2 1/2 years,
said Vel Rempel, the state coordinator of trade adjustment assistance program.
That includes the initial 26 weeks of unemployment that most laid off workers
receive. More than 2,000 Minnesotans received trade adjustment assistance
benefits last year, accounting for $17.7 million in income support and tuition.

Airline mechanics would like some of that. More than 2,500 mechanics based in
the Twin Cities have lost their jobs in the past few years. Northwest has farmed
out a portion of the work they performed to foreign maintenance firms.

On Friday, Sen. Norm Coleman, R-Minn., Sen. Max Baucus, D-Mont., and Sen. Ron
Wyden, D-Ore., introduced a bill that would extend the program to service
workers. An effort to pass similar legislation failed last year.

Enrolling full-time in a partially subsidized two-year retraining program isn't
an option for people who have to support their families -- especially when
unemployment benefits run out after 26 weeks, said Ted Ludwig, president of AMFA
Local 33.

While the state's dislocated worker program gives grants for retraining, it
doesn't cover the entire cost. "That might get a semester or one-tenth of what
it costs to get a certification," he said. "There are no jobs for aircraft
mechanics and if you want to train into a different field -- while we have a lot
of experience -- you still need some type of certification."

Tucci, for one, received about $2,500, which barely covered his first semester
in the heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration program at the
Minneapolis Community and Technical College. He graduated in May and is looking
for a job. Now he has $18,300 in loans.

When he first heard about the trade adjustment assistance program, his cares
were lifted temporarily. "I knew it was too good to be true," he said. "Then the
whole thing came crashing down."

Julie Forster can be reached at jforster@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5189.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       October 13, 1995 Friday 2D EDITION

BRIEFING

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-02

LENGTH: 1282 words


DAIWA BANK MAY CLOSE TROUBLED N.Y. SUBSIDIARY: Stung by two bond-trading
scandals in New York, Daiwa Bank decided yesterday to sharply retreat from its
U.S. asset-management business in the latest pullback from its beleaguered
American operations. A Daiwa Bank official said the bank will significantly
curtail operations of Daiwa Bank Trust Co., the New York-based asset-management
subsidiary, and may shut it altogether. Meanwhile, U.S. Treasury Secretary
Robert Rubin said yesterday that Japan risked losing credibility when it delayed
telling U.S. financial authorities about Daiwa Bank's massive loss on U.S.
Treasury bonds. Japanese Finance Minister Masayoshi Takemura apologized for the
delay Wednesday night in a telephone conversation with Rubin, Deputy Finance
Minister Kyosuke Shinozawa said at his regular press conference in Tokyo.
Takemura apologized for the six-week wait between when Japanese authorities
first learned of Daiwa Bank's $ 1.1 billion loss and when the bank gave U.S.
regulators a formal report on Sept. 18, Shinozawa said.

STOCKS ADVANCE: Stocks rose yesterday, further pulling out of a steep slump, as
the corporate earnings picture brightened and bond prices advanced. The Dow
Jones industrials rose 29.63 points to 4,764.88, back to last week's closing
levels. The blue-chip index had lost 42 points on Monday, did a dizzying
66-point drop on Tuesday morning, but worked laboriously higher beginning
Tuesday afternoon, through yesterday. Advancing issues led decliners by about 11
to 6 on the New York Stock Exchange. Big Board volume was 343.94 million shares,
vs. 340.72 million on Wednesday.

AMERICAN AIRLINES BOSS WANTS U.S.-JAPAN TALKS: American Airlines Chairman Robert
Crandall urged the United States yesterday to open aviation talks with Japan and
accused the Clinton administration of protecting the interests of two rival air
carriers. Crandall said United and Northwest airlines have a lock on most
passenger travel between the United States and Asia because the administration
refuses to initiate talks with Japan. "The great crime here is the United States
has refused to even ask for negotiations," Crandall said. "Apparently mesmerized
by the notion that the rights held by Northwest and United are uniquely
valuable, the U.S. has adopted a civil aviation policy toward Japan that seems
intended to protect the economic interests of two carriers and let competition
take the hindmost." A Transportation Department spokesman did not immediately
return a call seeking comment.

McDONALD'S, AMOCO EXPAND AGREEMENT: McDonald's Corp. and Amoco Corp. said
yesterday they are expanding plans to open joint food and gasoline outlets
throughout the country. The two companies currently operate 12 locations
throughout Illinois, Indiana and Michigan. Under the agreement announced today,
more outlets will be opened in the Midwest, mid-Atlantic, north central and
southeastern United States. The companies did not specify how many locations
were planned. Chicago-based Amoco would operate gas stations and convenience
stores, while McDonald's would operate restaurants. McDonald's announced a
similar agreement in July with Chevron Corp. to open food and gas outlets in the
western and southwestern United States. The fast-food giant is using the various
alliances to expand its U.S. presence.

COURTHOUSE GUARDS, EMPLOYER REACH PACT: The union that represents 135 private
security officers who guard federal courthouses in five cities yesterday reached
a tentative agreement with their employer. James A. Vissar, president of the
International Union of United Government Security Officers of America, announced
the tentative agreement with General Security Services Corp. of Minneapolis. The
guards, including 30 to 35 in Denver, were set to strike on Friday unless the
agreement was reached. They will take a ratification vote soon, Vissar said. The
contract affects about 250 guards in 11 states.

MORE GOLDEN TRIANGLE LOFTS PLANNED: Denver developer Lawrence Fullerton has
proposed a 32-unit loft project at the corner of 12th Avenue and Cherokee Street
in the Golden Triangle neighborhood. Fullerton purchased a half-acre site for $
337,500. He will begin marketing the project early next year and plans to break
ground on the four-story building next spring. The building will have a
"European flavor" with towers, balconies and a central courtyard, Fullerton
said.

CU HEALTH SCIENCES CENTER WINS $ 200,000 GRANT: The University of Colorado
Health Sciences Center has received a $ 200,000 grant that will help it devise
ways to improve health-care access in rural and underserved areas of the state.
The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, which issued the grant, may offer the
university a larger grant in 1996 or 1997, helping CU carry out plans devised
through program funded by the initial grant.

LOVELAND FACTORY STORES FOOD COURT TO OPEN: The Rocky Mountain Village Food
Court, adjacent to the Rocky Mountain Factory Stores in Loveland, will have a
grand opening tomorrow and Sunday. The 20,000-square-foot food court will
include McDonald's; Subway; The Brew Crew, an Anheuser-Busch gift shop; Mountain
Man Nut and Fruit Co.; Cinna Mania cinnamon buns; East Coast Pizza; Cactus Quick
Mexican and Southwestern fare; Chopsticks; Fox Tavern; Little Tokyo; Renzio's
Greek cuisine; Buffalo Grill; Pretzel Maker; Denver Buffalo Co.; and Liks of
Loveland ice cream.

PHILIPPE'S STAYING PUT: Philippe's Restaurant and the property around it, at 120
Madison St. in Cherry Creek North, is no longer for sale, according to Phil Day
of Shames-Makovsky Realty Co., who originally marketed the property. The
restaurant's owner decided against selling the property at this time and the
restaurant will remain open, Day said.

EQUITABLE BANKSHARES CHANGES NAME: Equitable Bankshares of Colorado Inc. said it
has changed its name to Colorado Business Bankshares. The company owns Women's
Bank and the Colorado Business Bank of Littleton, formerly Equitable Bank of
Littleton. It also plans to open a new bank in Boulder later this month.

52-WEEK TREASURY RATES RISE: Interest rates on 52-week Treasury bills rose in
yesterday's auction to the highest level in two months. The average discount
rate was 5.30 percent, up from 5.21 percent at the last auction on Sept. 14. It
was the highest rate since 52-week bills averaged 5.55 percent on Aug. 17. The
bills will carry an equivalent coupon interest rate of 5.62 percent with each $
10,000 in face value selling for $ 9,464.10. Sales totaled $ 18.41 billion out
of bids of $ 57.25 billion.

MONEY SUPPLY FALLS: The measure of the nation's money supply known as M2 fell to
a seasonally adjusted $ 3,758.3 billion in the week ended Oct. 2 from a revised
$ 3,760.3 billion the previous week, the Federal Reserve Board said yesterday.
Meanwhile, assets of the nation's money market mutual funds stood at $ 741.88
billion for the week ended Wednesday, according to the Investment Company
Institute.

MORTGAGE RATES: Thirty-year, fixed rate mortgages averaged 7.50 percent this
week, down from 7.57 percent last week, according to a national survey released
yesterday by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. It was the lowest since July
13, when rates averaged 7.41 percent, the lowest they have been this year after
hitting a recent high of 9.25 percent last Nov. 23. On one-year adjustable rate
mortgages, lenders were asking an average initial rate of 5.75 percent, down
from 5.76 percent last week. Fifteen-year mortgages, a popular option for those
refinancing mortgages, averaged 7.01 percent this week, down from 7.09 percent a
week earlier. The rates do not include add-on fees known as points.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: BRIEFS

                        Copyright 1995 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            December 24, 2007 Monday

Health director speaks up for others

BYLINE: By Laurie Phillips STAFF WRITER

SECTION: FEATURES; Lifestyle; Health; Local; News; Contra Costa; Health; My Town

LENGTH: 1094 words


Maybe Concepcion James' life purpose galvanized on a San Antonio school bus,
when the little girl didn't like how some of the other girls were making fun of
people. "Stop it," she told them.

Maybe it was when she had to step in and translate for her mother, whose broken
English only carried her so far.

But by the time she entered her early 20s, those around her noticed that the
so-called "miedo" had stepped out from behind her mother's skirts and -- her
little sister pointed out -- became someone who speaks up.

"I came here because I am going to speak up, and I do want to speak up, because
we want to do right by all the people we serve," James said recently in her new,
third-floor office at Contra Costa Health Services in Martinez, where boxes of
books had not yet been unpacked.

Earlier this month, James left the Bay Point Family Health Center -- her home of
nine years -- to manage a county effort to reduce disparities in health and
health care. Quite simply, she explains, she'll be helping figure out how to put
a dent in the county's health statistics, which show alarming inequities for
low-income people of color.

"It's going to take an army," James acknowledged, then added, "I'm glad that
I've been given a chance to be part of this army."

James' new job requires her to learn about people's health care needs and figure
out how to help them. It requires empathy, compassion, patience and an ability
to understand how all the pieces fit the puzzle, even if the answers aren't yet
found at the edges.

It's work she did every day of her job at the Bay Point center, which many say
has become the fulcrum of the unincorporated Delta community because of James'
work there.

"She's the kind of person where she's everything to everyone," said Leticia
Benitez of Bay Point, who applied for her job as a parent liaison at Rio Vista
Elementary School after James encouraged her.

Whether people need clothes, food or simply someone to talk to, Benitez said,
James "says, 'Don't worry, just give me their name and tell them to come in
here.'"

When James first arrived at the Bay Point clinic -- known then as a wellness
center and open just three days a week -- she knew the services at the converted
school metal shop were not well-used. With teenagers aiding her, James knocked
on door after door to learn how the center could better serve people.

"As I learned from residents what their needs were, we tried to respond to
them," James said. That meant calling the facility a family health center, a
concept people understood; publishing materials in English and Spanish, to
reflect the population being served; and adding services.

The Bay Point center is now open five days a week, handles about 10,000 patient
visits a year and includes a children's dental clinic, bilingual health
educators called Promotoras, health workers assigned to find out what black
clients need and a health worker who helps patients apply for medical coverage.
All are services James added.

In recapping her work, James is quick to deflect attention toward many others
who have helped her. She confesses to a reporter that she's uncomfortable being
the center of attention.

Before she came to Bay Point, James worked with older adults in Oakland and
Pinole. Working in East County, she said, helped her better understand her
family of origin, her childhood and the challenges immigrants face.

"I can sympathize with a lot of people for a lot of different reasons," James
said. "The more we respect each other, the better off we're all going to be on
this journey called life."

James, the daughter of a butcher and a housewife, grew up in a poor community in
San Antonio, Texas. When she was a child, she dreamed of being an astronaut or a
lawyer; as she grew up, her thoughts turned to psychology. She was motivated to
seek a good education; meanwhile, James said, "My mother used to tell me, 'Never
forget where you came from.'"

James applied for college at Yale after some students from the Ivy League
institution visited her school and encouraged her to apply. She did, and after
high school, she moved to Connecticut -- before then having never ventured more
than 40 miles from her home.

The culture shock was tremendous and the academics rigorous. James met and
married one of her classmates and moved with him to California, where she
graduated from UC Berkeley.

James doesn't flaunt her education, which she said taught her to think broadly
and figure out ways to make things happen, both necessary skills for her work.

All the writing at Yale, she added, later helped her learn to draft the grants
she needed to bring services to the Bay Point clinic. Whenever James discovered
an unmet need, which happened often, her supervisors told her she could do it --
provided she found the money.

"I don't give up easily," James said. Her motivation to find funds lay in "the
looks of appreciation on the family's faces."

Mary Foran, who hired James, said she knows how to make things happen -- even if
no solution has been found.

"If you're going to try to do something in the public sector where needs are
huge, you have to be able to raise money and deliver on what you promise," Foran
said. "She's able to work within a large, complicated bureaucracy and ... has
learned how to navigate within that kind of challenge."

William Walker, director of Contra Costa Health Services, called James adept at
bringing community groups together to find solutions to health care issues.
Beyond that, he said, "her heart lies in helping those who are most in need."

While growing up, James always emphasized helping people, said Elana Aabas, the
eldest of her four daughters. At Christmastime one year, she remembered, her mom
saw a boy playing by himself in an Oakland park. She took him to her church for
presents, bought him a sweatshirt and talked with the boy's family.

"She's really inspired me to be more of a generous person," said Aabas, a nurse.
"I think that my mom is really humble, and she doesn't realize what she does for
people."

James is deeply religious and active at Calvary Temple in Bay Point, where
church leaders praise her determination, generosity and humility.

"She is an asset everywhere you put her," said Mary Ann Young, who helps lead a
discipleship class James takes. "She has so much to offer everyone, and she
never makes anyone feel unincluded."

What does James want her legacy to be?

"When I cross over," she said, "I want God to say, 'Well done, child, well
done.'"

Laurie Phillips covers Pittsburg and Bay Point. Reach her at 925-779-7164 or
lphillips@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Reporter (Vacaville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 25, 2009 Sunday

Travis' jewel hits 20 years: Hospital has vital role locally, worldly

BYLINE: Brian Hamlin, The Reporter, Vacaville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 790 words


Jan. 25--With nearly 2,500 staff members and a constantly changing patient
population, the 55-acre David Grant Medical Center site at Travis Air Force Base
is like a city-within-a-city -- a city that never sleeps.

Located just a short distance from the base's main gate, the center not only
handles all the medical and dental needs of personnel at the bustling Air Force
base but it also serves military beneficiaries throughout eight Western states,
providing care to the combat-wounded and offering medical support worldwide
during times of natural disaster.

The multifaceted medical center's vital role is being recognized during its 20th
anniversary celebration this month. Festivities included a VIP tour for former
medical center commanders and

personnel on Friday afternoon, followed by a ball at the base's Delta Breeze
Club Friday night.

The sprawling medical facility opened its doors in 1988, succeeding the old
David Grant Medical Center that was built in 1947, known for decades as "the
hospital on the hill."

Retired Maj. Gen. Vernon Chong, the last commander of the old hospital, said he
was gratified to see the progress made at the new medical center.

He described the old hospital as a challenge to operate, with open bay wards,
mass restroom facilities, scattered two- and three-patient rooms and a detached
emergency room that wasn't actually part of the main medical center structure.

"I was glad when this was finally built," Chong said.

And there was a time, he

recalled, that it almost wasn't built.

During the 1970s, he said, the Air Force was considering downgrading the Travis
hospital to a smaller, community-type medical center without the many
specialties David Grant Medical Center now offers.

Fortunately, Chong said, former U.S. Rep. Vic Fazio, the mayors of nearby
cities, state legislators and neighboring community activists joined forces to
rally behind the building of the new medical center.

"There was a lot of lobbying going on for a new hospital," Chong explained.

When the dust cleared, Travis had a $193 million, state-of-the-art military
medical center.

The center -- named after the late Maj. Gen. David N.V. Grant, first air surgeon
for the United States Army Air Forces during World War II -- handles roughly
1,306 outpatient visits a day as well as 167 dental appointments and 13
admissions.

Speaking during Friday's tour, current 60th Medical Group commander and
physician Col. Lee Payne pointed out that medical center statistics indicated
the hospital also averaged 1.4 babies delivered daily during 2008, up from 1.2
babies delivered the previous year.

The center also provides an emergency room, cancer center, family practice
medicine and ophthalmology as well as a sleep center, thoracic surgery and
magnetic resonance imaging.

Medical center personnel, Payne said, regularly travel the globe to support
military and humanitarian missions, with 120 medics deployed every six months to
overseas combat zones.

The center also serves as a training ground for graduate medical students, and
cooperates with the University of California, Davis, Medical Center in
Sacramento to provide hands-on educational opportunities for personnel.

"We want current, competent, well-trained medics," Payne said. "Across this
organization, there's training going on every day."

The medical center also serves as a midpoint for those wounded in combat.
Injured soldiers, after being cared for and stabilized at East Coast medical
facilities, are flown to Travis before being transferred to more long-term
facilities and clinics, such as the Palo Alto Veterans Administration hospital.

Also operating from David Grant are Air Force Critical Care Air Transport
groups. According to physician Maj. Charles Mahakian, the unit consists of
three-member medical teams trained to turn a transport aircraft into a flying
critical care unit to get seriously injured military service members safely out
of a combat zone for advanced life-saving care.

Five such advanced medical teams operate from Travis.

David Grant Medical Center also boasts a multi-patient hyperbaric chamber. A
critical tool in dealing with decompression sickness experienced by
high-altitude pilots as well as divers, the chamber can handle as many as 18
patients. It's also used in the treatment of carbon monoxide poisoning and
diabetic wound care.

To see more of The Reporter, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thereporter.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Reporter, Vacaville, Calif.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090125-VA-Travis-jewel-hits-20-years-0125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VA


                                 Copyright 2009


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 18, 2008 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

Sorority Leads March for Change;
Members Call Attention to the Need For Better Education, Health Care

BYLINE: Sindya N. Bhanoo and Keith L. Alexander; Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 612 words


Wearing a pink and green T-shirt, Anne Sims rode down Pennsylvania Avenue to the
Capitol in her motorized scooter as her Alpha Kappa Alpha sisters marched with
her.

Arthritis caused Sims, 70, to rely on the scooter to get around. But Sims said
she was determined to march with her sorority sisters yesterday.

"I wouldn't miss it," said Sims, of Detroit, who pledged AKA in 1958 when she
was a student at Wayne State University. "I'm so proud to be here with
everyone."

Sorority leaders pegged the turnout at 30,000 people from nine predominantly
black sororities and fraternities. They gathered yesterday at the National
Council of Negro Women headquarters at Sixth Street and Pennsylvania Avenue NW
and walked to the Capitol to call attention to the need for better education,
health care and employment, particularly for African Americans.

The march was part of the weeklong AKA centennial convention, which ends today.
Alpha Kappa Alpha, which has more than 200,000 members worldwide, is the
nation's oldest African American sorority. The organization was founded at
Howard University in 1908.

Many AKAs stay involved with the sorority long after their collegiate days,
contributing their time to local and national projects.

Recent nationwide AKA initiatives included seminars on home ownership, computer
training programs and house reconstruction projects in New Orleans and
Mississippi after Hurricane Katrina. Its scholarship foundation gives out more
than $130,000 every year.

Yesterday's six-block walk took a half-hour, and the women had fun along the
way. "We're the soul-steppin' sorors of AKA," cheered Vernita Moses, 48 and
Janet McGee, 50, of Michigan.

Nicole Sutherland-Hughes, 38, of Princeton, N.J., compared the march to the
sorority's founding meeting. "This is a groundbreaking moment," she said.

At the Capitol, the marchers heard speeches from various members of Congress,
including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and House AKAs Sheila Jackson
Lee (D-Tex.), Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-Tex.) and Diane E. Watson (D-Calif.).

Barbara McKinzie, AKA's national president, urged her sorority sisters and
Congress to focus on issues involving health care and diseases and ailments that
affect African Americans disproportionately, such as breast cancer, HIV, sickle
cell disease, obesity and high blood pressure.

"We are leaders in our chosen fields," McKinzie said, "eager and able to give
value [and] add to the quality of life for others."

As a sign of unity, the march was open to other fraternities and sororities,
each donning its own colors: Alpha Phi Alpha, Delta Sigma Theta, Kappa Alpha
Psi, Omega Psi Phi, Zeta Phi Beta, Phi Beta Sigma, Sigma Gamma Rho and Iota Phi
Theta.

"Often when we join these groups, it's competitive, but here when we come
together, it's a reminder of why we got started in the first place, to help our
communities and for academic excellence," said AKA Linda Jaha, 50, of Oklahoma
City.

With temperatures in the mid-90s, some women wore AKA-emblazoned visors and
carried umbrellas as a shield against the sun. Others gathered around trees,
occupying every patch of shade they could find. Organizers handed out bottles of
water and set up a water-misting tent.

As the marchers walked down Pennsylvania Avenue, workers in buildings along the
route waved and cheered them on.

By the time the three-hour ceremony ended, many had left early to seek shelter
from the heat, but a few hundred stayed to the end.

Carolyn Bell, of Savannah, Ga., said she was inspired to continue her pledge of
service through her sorority when she returns home. "Our work is not in a
vacuum, but felt by the world and heard in the halls of Congress," she said.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Photos By Bill O'leary -- The Washington Post; Dorothy Height,
chair of the National Council of Negro Women, arrives at the West Front of the
Capitol for a rally and speeches.
IMAGE; By Marvin Joseph -- The Washington Post; Sorority sisters Crystal Cotten
Faison, left, and Audrey Bennett, find a shady spot.
IMAGE; By Marvin Joseph -- The Washington Post; Danielle Madison Tatum, 8
months: A future AKA?

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           December 25, 2007 Tuesday

Conta Costa health worker lives to serve community

BYLINE: By Laurie Phillips, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: TRI-VALLEY

LENGTH: 1080 words


Maybe Concepcion James' life purpose galvanized on a San Antonio school bus,
when the little girl didn't like how some of the other girls were making fun of
people. "Stop it," she told them.

Maybe it was when she had to step in and translate for her mother, whose broken
English only carried her so far.

But by the time she entered her early 20s, those around her noticed that the
so-called "miedosa" had stepped out from behind her mother's skirts and -- her
little sister pointed out -- became someone who speaks up.

"I came here because I am going to speak up, and I do want to speak up, because
we want to do right by all the people we serve," James said recently in her new,
third-floor office at Contra Costa Health Services in Martinez, where boxes of
books had not yet been unpacked.

Earlier this month, James left the Bay Point Family Health Center -- her home of
nine years -- to manage a county effort to reduce disparities in health and
health care. Quite simply, she explains, she'll be helping figure out how to put
a dent in the county's health statistics, which show alarming inequities for
low-income people of color.

"It's going to take an army," James acknowledged, then added, "I'm glad that
I've been given a chance to be part of this army."

James' new job requires her to learn about people's health care needs and figure
out how to help them. It requires empathy, compassion, patience and an ability
to understand how all the pieces fit the puzzle, even if the answers aren't yet
found at the edges.

It's work she did every day of her job at the Bay Point center, which many say
has become the fulcrum of the unincorporated Delta community because of James'
work there.

"She's the kind of person where she's everything to everyone," said Leticia
Benitez of Bay Point, who applied for her job as a parent liaison at Rio Vista
Elementary School after James encouraged her.

Whether people need clothes, food or simply someone to talk to, Benitez said,
James "says, 'Don't worry, just give me their name and tell them to come in
here.'"

When James first arrived at the Bay Point clinic -- known then as a wellness
center and open just three days a week -- she knew the services at the converted
school metal shop were not well-used. With teenagers aiding her, James knocked
on door after door to learn how the center could better serve people.

"As I learned from residents what their needs were, we tried to respond to
them," James said. That meant calling the facility a family health center, a
concept people understood; publishing materials in English and Spanish, to
reflect the population being served; and adding services.

The Bay Point center is now open five days a week, handles about 10,000 patient
visits a year and includes a children's dental clinic, bilingual health
educators called Promotoras, health workers assigned to find out what black
clients need and a health worker who helps patients apply for medical coverage.
All are services James added.

In recapping her work, James is quick to redirect attention toward many others
who have helped her. She confesses to a reporter that she's uncomfortable being
the center of attention.

Before she came to Bay Point, James worked with older adults in Oakland and
Pinole. Working in East Contra Costa County, she said, helped her better
understand her family of origin, her childhood and the challenges immigrants
face.

"I can sympathize with a lot of people for a lot of different reasons," James
said. "The more we respect each other, the better off we're all going to be on
this journey called life."

James, the daughter of a butcher and a housewife, grew up in a poor community in
San Antonio, Texas. When she was a child, she dreamed of being an astronaut or a
lawyer; as she grew up, her thoughts turned to psychology. She was motivated to
seek a good education; meanwhile, James said, "My mother used to tell me, 'Never
forget where you came from.'"

James applied for college at Yale after some students from the Ivy League
institution visited her school and encouraged her to apply. She was accepted,
and after high school, she moved to Connecticut -- before then having never
ventured more than 40 miles from her home.

The culture shock was tremendous and the academics rigorous. James met and
married one of her classmates and moved with him to California, where she
graduated from UC Berkeley.

James doesn't flaunt her education, which she said taught her to think broadly
and figure out ways to make things happen, both necessary skills for her work.

All the writing at Yale, she added, later helped her learn to draft the grants
she needed to bring services to the Bay Point clinic. Whenever James discovered
an unmet need, which happened often, her supervisors told her she could do it --
provided she found the money.

"I don't give up easily," James said. Her motivation to find funds lay in "the
looks of appreciation on the family's faces."

Mary Foran, who hired James, said she knows how to make things happen -- even if
no solution has been found.

"If you're going to try to do something in the public sector where needs are
huge, you have to be able to raise money and deliver on what you promise," Foran
said. "She's able to work within a large, complicated bureaucracy and ... has
learned how to navigate within that kind of challenge."

William Walker, director of Contra Costa Health Services, called James adept at
bringing community groups together to find solutions to health care issues.
Beyond that, he said, "her heart lies in helping those who are most in need."

While growing up, James always emphasized helping people, said Elana Aabas, the
eldest of her four daughters. At Christmastime one year, she remembered, her mom
saw a boy playing by himself in an Oakland park. She took him to her church for
presents, bought him a sweatshirt and talked with the boy's family.

"She's really inspired me to be more of a generous person," said Aabas, a nurse.
"I think that my mom is really humble, and she doesn't realize what she does for
people."

James is deeply religious and active at Calvary Temple in Bay Point, where
church leaders praise her determination, generosity and humility.

"She is an asset everywhere you put her," said Mary Ann Young, who helps lead a
discipleship class James takes. "She has so much to offer everyone, and she
never makes anyone feel unincluded."

What does James want her legacy to be?

"When I cross over," she said, "I want God to say, 'Well done, child, well
done.'"

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       April 20, 1997 Sunday 1ST EDITION

Head Start grant up for grabs

BYLINE: By Paul Hutchinson, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 1474 words


With millions of federal dollars at stake, three local nonprofits are competing
with the Denver mayor's office for control of the Head Start preschool program.

The city's Head Start grant is expected to reach $ 8.3 million for the 1997-98
school year, and could be worth $ 50 million over the next five years. The
winning agency must raise a 20 percent matching amount.

More important than money is the welfare of 2,000 youngsters from impoverished
homes. For the past two school years, Denver Head Start has been stuck in
controversy and uncertainty as federal officials attempt to sort out the mess
left behind by the Child Opportunity Program.

After stripping Child Opportunity of the Head Start grant last spring, federal
regulators put the program with a trustee agency and sought new bids from
community nonprofits. With support of the city council, Mayor Wellington Webb
instructed his staff to bid on behalf of the city.

Other agencies applying for the grant are the Volunteers of America, Rocky
Mountain SER and Servicios De La Raza.

All four applicants have pledged to strengthen Denver Head Start, termed one of
the nation's most troubled programs after federal inspectors spent a week here
last spring. The feds returned to Denver last week to evaluate the four
applicants and make a recommendation. The final selection will be made next
month by Beverly Turnbo, regional chief of the Administration for Children and
Families.

Each competitor pledges to raise teachers' wages, which hover below $ 10 an hour
on average. Each says it hopes to make use of current Head Start headquarters at
2500 Curtis St., but ownership of that building is mired in a legal tangle that
may head to court.

Here's a brief description of each agency and its plans for Head Start:

Rocky Mountain SER

Established in 1964 as a War on Poverty agency, the group incorporated in
Colorado in 1980 and has specialized in employment training. The agency operates
48 service centers in Colorado and employs 160 people. SER has operated Head
Start programs in Mesa, Delta, Moffat and Garfield counties since 1984.

Charles Tafoya, the agency's director, claims 300 letters of support for the
Head Start bid. Tafoya said SER would make full-family service its top priority.

"We have a very strong belief in parent involvement and governance," Tafoya
said. "We believe parents are the primary educators of children, and we've found
that's the only thing that makes a difference over time."

Most classrooms would be operated by SER directly, Tafoya said. Teacher salaries
would be raised and benefits increased, Tafoya said. Employees would qualify for
a 401(k) retirement plan with a 75 percent matching employer contribution.

SER would team with the Denver Health and Hospital Authority to provide the
medical care component of Head Start. Dental services would come from private
providers, with an assist from Front Range Community College.

Nutrition programs would be run with cooperation from Volunteers of America.
Many additional Denver agencies have pledged to support SER should it win the
bid, Tafoya said.

Although SER is often identified as a Hispanic agency, it would expand its
mission to families of all ethnic backgrounds by seeking community partnerships
to run Head Start, Tafoya said.

Volunteers of America

VOA has served Colorado since 1896. The agency runs 30 programs statewide, with
a clientele that includes the elderly, adolescents, convicts, battered women and
homeless families.

The agency's plan for Head Start calls for each classroom to be adopted by a
corporation. Sponsoring firms would provide resources, money and volunteers to
staff classrooms in addition to regular teachers and aides.

Through corporate donations, VOA hopes to provide every classroom with a
computer, TV and VCR. Instead of raising its 20 percent matching funds through
in-kind contributions, VOA says it can pledge $ 662,000 in cash next year toward
Head Start services.

"We're really focused on using private, nongovernmental sources," said Dianna
Kunz, the Colorado VOA president. To that end, VOA has solicited a Head Start
health-care agreement from Kaiser Permanente of Colorado. Dental services would
come from a nonprofit organization called Kids in Need of Dentistry, staffed by
dentists who donate time or offer reduced rates.

Office Depot has promised to provide VOA with at-cost supplies for Head Start.

VOA promises to raise teacher pay immediately to an average $ 11.32 an hour, a
14 percent raise and the most specific number provided by any of the four
competing agencies.

In the VOA plan, parents would exercise decision-making authority at all levels.

One of the agency's strongest assets, Kunz said, is its board of directors,
which includes executives of many Denver companies. (Denver Post owner William
Dean Singleton is a VOA board member.)

"Our board has 24 years of experience in administering large, federal programs,"
Kunz said. One of the most familiar of those is Meals on Wheels. VOA's
application has been endorsed by Chancellor Daniel Ritchie on behalf of the
University of Denver, and by the Corporation for National Service.

Servicios De La Raza

Established in 1972 as a storefront mental-health agency, the agency has
broadened its scope to include substance abuse and family problems. Director
Jose Mondragon manages a $ 1.7 million annual budget.

"Our commitment to the community over the past 25 years is our strongest asset,"
Mondragon said. "That, and our very close relationship with the people of our
community."

The alarming dropout rates for minority youngsters motivated the agency to seek
the Head Start grant.

"We believe that intervention must start at a very early age," Mondragon said.
"The continual dropout rate among children of color, as well as the substandard
achievement we see with many of our youngsters, are the primary reasons we're
seeking the grant."

Servicios De La Raza also is viewed as a Hispanic agency, but Mondragon doesn't
view that as an impediment.

"The makeup of the Head Start population is probably 60 percent Latino,"
Mondragon said. "But we feel very strongly that we can run a culturally
proficient organization, and those characteristics would be transferred to all
the populations served by Head Start."

Although the Denver Public Schools has endorsed the city's bid, Mondragon said
DPS Superintendent Irv Moskowitz has indicated he will work with any agency that
wins the Head Start grant.

Mondragon would like to see teacher salaries made competitive with those of
public schools, although he acknowledges that would require far more money than
initially will be available.

"We must find a mechanism to be able to increase those salaries," he said.

Parental involvement would be another key component of the La Raza program,
Mondragon said.

The Head Start health care program would be run in conjunction with the city,
Mondragon said.

"We would be making some wholesale changes with regard to facilities, salaries,
and the quality of programs," Mondragon said. "We want to maximize the expertise
that's available in our community."

City and County of Denver

Under the city's plan, Denver would operate a small central agency that would
contract with delegate agencies for various services. Governance would come from
a 19-member board of directors with nine appointees from the mayor, seven from
the city council and three from Denver Public Schools.

Board members would be autonomous and could not be removed for political
reasons, similar to the operation of the Denver Water Board.

The city's plan was developed by a task force over the past nine months with
input from the federal government, the state, DPS and the community.

Head Start students with special needs would be served by DPS, according to
Carol Boigon, the mayor's aide for education. Other agencies that might win
contracts through the city include Catholic Charities, Mile High Child Care, the
Clayton Foundation, the University of Colorado at Denver and the Denver Indian
Center.

The city's social services department could be used for family programs, and the
Denver Health and Hospital Authority would handle the Head Start medical
program, Boigon said.

Boigon said the city's plan puts more federal money into the classroom. By
relying on the Denver auditor's office for accounting services, Boigon believes
Head Start would be financially above reproach because of the arm's length
relationship between the mayor and auditor, who are elected separately.

Calling present Head Start teacher salaries "appalling," Boigon promised that
the city would boost wages.

Although Head Start is traditionally a half-day program, the city's plan would
allow for full-day, full-year operations, using child-care money for the
additional half-days, Boigon said.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1997 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 9, 2009 Monday

Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn., Tom Hintgen column: Many opt for life
overseas

BYLINE: Tom Hintgen, Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 599 words


Nov. 9--Wyonne Maack Long, a 1960 graduate of Fergus Falls High School, has been
working and living in Norway since about 1988. Long is among many graduates of
high schools in Otter Tail County who enjoy living and working overseas.

Long went to school at Fairview Nursing School in Minneapolis after high school
to become a Registered Nurse. She worked in nursing for a time, including time
spent working for Northwest Airlines. Very active in her local Sons of Norway
lodge, she also worked in alcohol and chemical dependency for a time in the Twin
Cities area before moving to Norway.

"Wyonne also worked in chemical dependency there," said her cousin, Gary
Wigdahl, "in a nursing home and as a tour guide in the city of Oslo. She's
currently serving on a committee to call another pastor to the church she
belongs to."

Wigdahl said there are some things about the Norwegian health care system that
Wyonne likes and there are things she isn't so fond of.

"Wyonne enjoys family history and has been instrumental in helping me and others
track down genealogy and the like," said Wigdahl. "She likes to spend time in
the mountains of Norway with friends and relatives. Having spent all this time
in Norway, she's fairly fluent in Norwegian."

Wigdahl said there was a time when he spent a good deal of time with both sets
of grandparents growing up.

"I was much more fluent in Norwegian than Wyonne, but times change," he said. "I
appreciate what Wyonne has done in her life, here in the states as well as
overseas."

Wigdahl also is a 1960 high school graduate who, unlike Wyonne Maack Long,
graduated from Rothsay High School. He was a reporter for the Daily Journal when
he attended what was then Fergus Falls Junior College, now MSCTC, from 1960 to
1962. He was in the first M State graduating Class of 1962.

He later attended the University of North Dakota and the University of Missouri
School of Journalism. WigdahI was among a group of 12 Missouri journalism
students to take part in Missouri's Washington Reporting Program in Washington,
D.C. Later, he worked as editor of the Grant County Herald in Elbow Lake and the
Cambridge Star in Cambridge, Minn.

Wigdahl wrote and published "Twixt Hill and Prairie," a centennial history of
Rothsay, in 1982.

"Rothsay is sort of located between the hills to the east, and the flatness of
the prairie to the west," said Wigdahl, "hence the inspiration for the title."

Currently, he volunteers in Rothsay at PARTNERS and the Rothsay Library Link.
PARTNERS is an organization that's part of the Living at Home/Block Nurse
Program that assists people 60 and over. The goal is to help them live safely
and as independently in their own homes for as long as possible.

Rothsay Library Link is beginning its sixth year of operation in affiliation
with the Lake Agassiz Regional Library headquartered in Moorhead.

This coming year, in 2010, it will be great for high school classes from 1960,
all around Otter Tail County, to gather for their 50th high school reunions.
Amazingly, memories of friends and activities are fresh in the minds of many,
even after five decades.

That's certainly true for Wyonne Maack Long and Gary Wigdahl.

To see more of the Fergus Falls Daily Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://fergusfallsjournal.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Fergus Falls Daily
Journal, Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091109-1FF-Fergus-Falls-Daily-Journal-Minn-Tom-Hintgen-column-1109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FF


                                 Copyright 2009


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 10, 2015 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Health Center Program

LENGTH: 3101  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Health Resources and Services
Administration Health Center Program AGENCY: Health Resources and Services
Administration, HHS. ACTION: Notice of Class Deviation from Competition
Requirements for the Health Center Program.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Awarding Agency Grants Administration Manual (AAGAM)
Chapter 2.04.103, the Bureau of Primary Health Care (BPHC) has been granted a
class deviation from the exceptions to maximum competition requirements
contained in the AAGAM Chapter 2.04.104A-5 to provide additional funding without
competition to the 144 Health Center Program award recipients whose budget
period ends November 30, 2015, for up to 5 months. The extension allows BPHC to
eliminate the December 1 budget period start date by redistributing these grants
to established start dates later in the fiscal year, thereby allowing award
recipients comparable opportunity to prepare and submit applications while
allowing BPHC to remain compliant with internal process timelines. SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION: Intended Recipient of the Award: Health Center Program award
recipients with a project period end date of November 30, 2015. Amount of
Non-Competitive Awards: $85,451,535. Period of Supplemental Funding: December 1,
2015, to maximum April 30, 2016. CFDA Number: 93.224. Authority: Section 330 of
the Public Health Service Act, as amended (42 U.S.C. 254b, as amended).
Justification: Targeting the nation's neediest populations and geographic areas,
the Health Center Program currently funds nearly 1,300 health centers that
operate approximately 9,000 service delivery sites in every state, the District
of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and the Pacific Basin. In 2013,
more than 21 million patients, including medically underserved and uninsured
patients, received comprehensive, culturally competent, quality primary health
care services through the Health Center Program award recipients. Due to the
vast size of the Health Center Program, the active grants are distributed across
seven budget periods that begin on the first of the month, December through
June. BPHC uses the information award recipients report annually via the Uniform
Data System (UDS) to objectively determine the patient and service area
requirements that new and continuing applications must address. The requirements
are available for applicant use in June. The deviation allows BPHC to
redistribute the award recipients with December 1 starting dates to budget
period start dates later in the fiscal year, thus allowing these award
recipients comparable opportunity to prepare and submit applications while
allowing BPHC to remain compliant with internal process timelines. By September
15, 2015, $85,451,535 will be awarded to these 144 award recipients to continue
approved activities for up to 5 months. Award recipients will report progress
and financial obligations made during their budget period extension through
routine reports. Table 1--Award Recipients
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- New budget period Prorated award Grant No.
Award recipient name State start amount ($)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- H80CS00057...................... The Providence
Community RI January............. 460,800 Health Centers, Inc.
H80CS00058...................... East Boston Neighborhood MA
February............ 561,147 Health Center Corporation.
H80CS00059...................... Wood River Health RI May.................
425,646 Services, Inc. H80CS00060...................... East Harlem Council for
NY April............... 652,402 Human Services, Inc.
H80CS00061...................... William F. Ryan Community NY
January............. 691,645 Health Center, Inc.
H80CS00062...................... Newark Community Health NJ February............
633,059 Centers, Inc. H80CS00063...................... Consejo De Salud De PR
January............. 733,064 Puerto Rico, Inc. [[Page 47929]]
H80CS00064...................... Oda Primary Health Care NY April...............
667,221 Center, Inc. H80CS00065...................... Family Health Network of
NY May................. 611,735 Central New York, Inc.
H80CS00067...................... Park West Health Systems, MD
February............ 568,343 Inc. H80CS00068...................... Total Health
Care, Inc... MD January............. 343,277 H80CS00069......................
Tri-State Community MD April............... 958,543 Health Center.
H80CS00070...................... Unity Health Care, Inc... DC
January............. 749,122 H80CS00071...................... Covenant House,
Inc...... PA April............... 763,811 H80CS00072......................
Sto-Rox Neighborhood PA May................. 654,267 Health Council, Inc.
H80CS00073...................... Peninsula Institute For VA January.............
460,088 Community Health, Inc. H80CS00074...................... Scranton Primary
Health PA May................. 458,125 Care Center, Inc.
H80CS00075...................... New River Health WV April...............
547,263 Association, Inc. H80CS00076...................... Keystone Rural Health
PA April............... 1,068,687 Center. H80CS00078......................
Camden-On-Gauley Medical WV May................. 398,198 Center, Inc.
H80CS00080...................... Community Care of West WV April...............
786,007 Virginia, Inc. H80CS00081...................... Rural Health Care,
Inc... FL February............ 633,939 H80CS00082...................... Curtis
V. Cooper Primary GA April............... 893,829 Health Care, Inc.
H80CS00083...................... Park Duvalle Community KY January.............
335,986 Health Center, Inc. H80CS00084...................... Central Mississippi
Civic MS January............. 462,927 Improvement Association, Inc.
H80CS00085...................... Delta Health Center, Inc. MS
February............ 579,228 H80CS00086...................... Piedmont Health
Services, NC January............. 468,414 Inc. H80CS00087......................
Wake Health Services, Inc NC April............... 1,042,868
H80CS00088...................... Greene County Health NC January.............
509,538 Care, Inc. H80CS00090...................... Family Health Centers, SC
January............. 360,589 Inc. H80CS00091...................... Erlanger
Medical Center.. TN April............... 791,040
H80CS00092...................... Low Country Health Care SC April...............
644,741 System, Inc. H80CS00093...................... Georgia Mountains Health
GA April............... 825,098 Services, Inc. H80CS00094......................
Whatley Health Services, AL January............. 488,781 Inc.
H80CS00096...................... Mantachie Rural Health MS May.................
243,710 Care, Inc. H80CS00097...................... Manatee County Rural FL
January............. 552,786 Health Services, Inc.
H80CS00098...................... Bayou La Batre Area AL April...............
805,603 Health Development Board, Inc. H80CS00099...................... Franklin
Primary Health AL January............. 813,618 Center, Inc.
H80CS00100...................... First Choice Community NC April...............
552,595 Health Centers. H80CS00101...................... Premier Community FL
January............. 341,791 Healthcare Group, Inc.
H80CS00102...................... Family Health Centers, KY January.............
407,856 Inc. H80CS00104...................... Kinston Community Health NC
April............... 623,329 Center, Inc. H80CS00105......................
Central North Alabama AL April............... 891,178 Health Services, Inc.
H80CS00106...................... Lewis County Primary Care KY
April............... 614,791 Center, Inc. H80CS00107......................
Robeson Health Care NC April............... 906,337 Corporation.
H80CS00108...................... Baldwin Family Health MI April...............
908,083 Care. H80CS00109...................... TCA Health, Inc Nfp...... IL
May................. 515,392 H80CS00110...................... Neighborhood
Health OH April............... 840,647 Association of Toledo, Inc.
H80CS00111...................... Heartland Health IL January.............
396,253 Outreach, Inc. H80CS00112...................... Open Cities Health
Center MN April............... 672,575 H80CS00113......................
Crusaders Central Clinic IL January............. 418,512 Association.
H80CS00114...................... Healthnet, Inc........... IN
January............. 476,909 H80CS00115...................... Erie Family Health
IL January............. 507,472 Center, Inc. H80CS00116......................
Alivio Medical Center, IL April............... 1,059,492 Inc.
H80CS00117...................... AxessPointe Community OH May.................
677,233 Health Center, Inc. H80CS00118...................... Columbus
Neighborhood OH January............. 373,944 Health Center, Inc.
H80CS00119...................... County of Lake........... IL
February............ 552,637 H80CS00120...................... Friend Family
Health IL April............... 806,746 Center, Inc.
H80CS00122...................... Lee County Cooperative AR April...............
815,098 Clinic. H80CS00123...................... East Arkansas Family AR
April............... 913,567 Health Center, Inc.
H80CS00124...................... Cross Timbers Health TX April...............
909,224 Clinics, Inc. H80CS00125...................... Community Health Centers
TX May................. 611,910 of South Central Texas, Inc.
H80CS00126...................... Regence Health Network, TX January.............
383,342 Inc. H80CS00127...................... Martin Luther King Jr TX
February............ 573,277 Family Clinic, Inc.
H80CS00128...................... Centro De Salud Familiar TX
January............. 458,443 La Fe, Inc. H80CS00129......................
Excelth, Inc............. LA January............. 338,583
H80CS00130...................... Community Health TX April...............
908,327 Development, Inc. H80CS00131...................... Kansas Department of
KS May................. 542,788 Health and Environment.
H80CS00132...................... Richland Medical Clinic, MO
April............... 828,672 Inc. H80CS00133...................... Betty Jean
Kerr--People's MO February............ 631,044 Health Centers.
H80CS00134...................... Valley Wide Health CO January.............
535,388 Systems, Inc. H80CS00135...................... Horizon Health Care, Inc.
SD January............. 348,833 H80CS00137...................... United Health
Centers of CA January............. 669,889 the San Joaquin Valley.
H80CS00138...................... Community Medical CA January.............
522,161 Centers, Inc. H80CS00139...................... Northeast Valley Health
CA January............. 899,164 Corporation. H80CS00140......................
Adelante Healthcare, Inc. AZ January............. 408,861
H80CS00141...................... Mountain Park Health AZ January.............
601,935 Center. [[Page 47930]] H80CS00142...................... Altamed Health
Services CA January............. 703,237 Corporation.
H80CS00143...................... Darin M. Camarena Health CA
February............ 549,375 Centers, Inc. H80CS00145......................
South County Community CA April............... 947,950 Health Center, Inc.
H80CS00146...................... Anchorage Neighborhood AK February............
557,898 Health Center, Inc. H80CS00147...................... Columbia Basin
Health WA January............. 406,414 Association.
H80CS00148...................... Northwest Human Services, OR
April............... 810,809 Inc. H80CS00149...................... County of
Multnomah...... OR January............. 669,764 H80CS00215......................
Heartland International IL April............... 711,254 Health Centers.
H80CS00323...................... Concilio De Salud PR January.............
328,371 Integral De Loiza, Inc. H80CS00676...................... Community
Health Systems, WI May................. 529,257 Inc.
H80CS00850...................... Watts Healthcare CA January.............
337,408 Corporation. H80CS04196...................... Cheyenne Health and WY
May................. 405,179 Wellness Center. H80CS04197......................
Partnership Community WI May................. 423,294 Health Center, Inc.
H80CS04200...................... Community Health Centers IA
May................. 412,351 of Southern Iowa, Inc.
H80CS04201...................... Community Council of ID May.................
390,180 Idaho, Inc. H80CS04202...................... Mary's Center For DC
May................. 544,160 Maternal and Child Care, Inc.
H80CS04203...................... Juniper Health, Inc...... KY
May................. 668,967 H80CS04204...................... Community Health
Center.. OR April............... 631,155 H80CS04205...................... Lewis
County Community WA May................. 463,722 Health Services, Inc.
H80CS04206...................... Asher Community Health OR May.................
204,088 Center. H80CS04207...................... Columbia River Community OR
May................. 320,816 Health Services. H80CS04208......................
Yakutat Tribe............ AK May................. 267,278
H80CS04209...................... Alaska Island Community AK April...............
627,569 Services. H80CS04210...................... Goodwin Community Health. NH
May................. 469,613 H80CS04211...................... Zufall Health
Center, Inc NJ February............ 571,828 H80CS04212......................
Health Partners of OH April............... 928,816 Western Ohio.
H80CS04213...................... The Brevard Health FL April...............
860,910 Alliance, Inc. H80CS04214...................... Citrus Health Network,
FL April............... 581,191 Inc. H80CS04215......................
Healthfirst Family Care MA May................. 519,561 Center, Inc.
H80CS04216...................... Salina Health Education KS May.................
421,788 Foundation. H80CS04217...................... Venice Family Clinic.....
CA May................. 651,363 H80CS04218...................... County of
Solano......... CA May................. 596,799 H80CS04219......................
Community Health Clinic CA April............... 583,317 Ole.
H80CS04220...................... Community Health Alliance CA
February............ 623,981 Of Pasadena. H80CS04222......................
Valley Community CA April............... 893,755 Healthcare.
H80CS04223...................... EISNER Pediatric & Family CA
April............... 859,741 Medical Center. H80CS04224......................
Karuk Tribe.............. CA May................. 378,421
H80CS04226...................... Hill Country Community CA May.................
418,025 Clinic. H80CS04286...................... Stigler Health & Wellness OK
April............... 766,526 Center, Inc. H80CS04287......................
Project Vida Health TX April............... 801,248 Center.
H80CS04288...................... River Valley Primary Care AR
May................. 429,862 Services. H80CS04289...................... Lone
Star Circle of Care. TX April............... 884,105
H80CS04290...................... St. Francis House NWA, AR April...............
866,346 Inc. H80CS04291...................... Penobscot Community ME
February............ 548,814 Health Center, Inc.
H80CS06444...................... Hernando County Health FL May.................
429,170 Department/Nature Coast CHC, Inc. H80CS06445......................
Fourth Ward d.b.a Good TX May................. 450,233 Neighbor Healthcare
Center. H80CS06446...................... Community Health OK
May................. 409,525 Connection, Inc. H80CS06447......................
Spring Branch Community TX April............... 567,997 Health Center.
H80CS06449...................... Pasadena Health Center, TX May.................
410,263 Inc. H80CS06450...................... Tensas Community Health LA
May................. 276,396 Center. H80CS06452...................... Pancare of
Florida, Inc.. FL February............ 565,567 H80CS06453......................
Pushmataha Family Medical OK May................. 388,158 Center, Inc.
H80CS06454...................... Primary Care of Southwest GA
May................. 659,322 Georgia, Inc. H80CS06455......................
Midland Community TX May................. 413,243 Healthcare Services.
H80CS06456...................... Fairfax Medical OK April............... 548,527
Facilities, Inc. H80CS06457...................... North Texas Area TX
May................. 675,548 Community Health Centers, Inc.
H80CS06458...................... Osceola County Health FL April...............
631,458 Department. H80CS06459...................... Primary Care Providers LA
April............... 1,009,172 for a Healthy Feliciana.
H80CS06460...................... Shackelford County TX April...............
757,384 Community Resource Center. H80CS06461...................... Chota
Community Health TN May................. 435,160 Services.
H80CS06674...................... Los Angeles Christian CA February............
549,003 Health Centers. H80CS08329...................... Adams County Health ID
May................. 307,964 Center, Inc. H80CS08777......................
County of Cass........... IL May................. 367,674
H80CS11255...................... Stephen F. Austin TX May.................
399,520 Community Health Center, Inc. H80CS18278...................... Rainelle
Medical Center.. WV May................. 312,398
H80CS25436...................... The Health & Hospital IN May.................
634,731 Corp of Marion County. H80CS25679...................... J C Lewis Health
Center.. GA April............... 597,193
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- [[Page 47931]] FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
Olivia Shockey, Expansion Division Director, Office of Policy and Program
Development, Bureau of Primary Health Care, Health Resources and Services
Administration at 301-443- 9282 or oshockey@hrsa.gov Dated: July 31, 2015. James
Macrae, Acting Administrator. [FR Doc. 2015-19524 Filed 8-7-15; 8:45 am] BILLING
CODE 4165-15-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            January 31, 1993, Sunday

THE COST OF TRADITIONAL HEALTH INSURANCE IS SPURRING NEW OPTIONS Firms turn to
managed health care Controlling Health Costs Corporate strategies

BYLINE: By Andy Miller STAFF WRITERhealth; costs; personal; reviews; hospitals;
aid; finances; consumers; employment; insurance

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section H; Page 1

LENGTH: 1642 words


Emory University, home to world-class medicine, faced a health-care emergency.

Year after year, its employee medical costs were jumping 20 percent. Workers'
premiums were rising at the same rate. So to stop the bleeding, university
officials devised a radical new treatment.

The traditional, fee-for-service health plan was scrapped. About 11,000
employees - from physicians to office personnel - got two choices: a health
maintenance organization, or a plan that would reward them for choosing care
from a preferred list of physicians and hospitals.

"They can still have freedom of choice, but they'll pay an additional cost for
it," says Alice R. Miller, Emory human resources chief.

Emory's employees aren't the only metro Atlantans plunging this year into
tighter health-care plans. And more will probably follow.

They're landing in some chilled waters known as "managed care."

A term both championed and condemned within the health-care community, managed
care consists of cost-saving alternatives to traditional plans.

Managed-care networks aim to cut costs and maintain quality by promoting a
specific group of doctors and hospitals, often under discounted deals.

Changing landscape

Both here and nationally, the rise of managed care has redrawn the health-care
landscape. It has forced people to make emotional decisions about switching
doctors; changed the way hospitals and doctors operate; put employers in tight
spots about treatment of workers; and created a competitive stew for
organizations that deliver it.

But these bigger doses of managed care can cause some indigestion.

At Emory, while officials call its transition generally smooth, problems have
cropped up. In mid-January, some employees were still waiting for health-plan ID
cards.

"The transition has been awkward at best," says Emory economist Jeffrey
Rosensweig, who found that the first two primary-care physicians recommended to
him couldn't take him as a new patient.

"The major emotion is fear, whether you're getting the right coverage," he says.
But through what he calls persistence and research, he has found "an excellent
doctor" in the network.

"This is the future," he says. "I applaud Emory for being ahead of the curve."

In metro Atlanta and throughout Georgia, managed care has swelled the past few
years. In fact, HMO enrollment in Georgia rose from 314,000 in 1987 to about
460,000 by July 1992. That put the state in 31st place in per capita HMO
enrollment, up from 37th place in 1987.

Estimate of participation

One analyst, John Harkey, estimates that slightly more than 50 percent of metro
Atlantans under age 65 are in managed-care plans. The biggest portion are in
less restrictive PPOs than in HMOs or their cousin - Point of Service plans.
Nationally, however, HMOs are the most popular managed-care option, according to
the Foster Higgins consulting firm.

Now, even most traditional insurance plans have managed-care ingredients: second
opinions, pre-certification on hospitalization and overall monitoring of use of
medical services.

And get ready: Workers who have free-choice, sky's-the-limit coverage should
look over their shoulder, some experts say.

"I think we'll eventually all be in a kind of managed-care system, rigorously
managed," says Deborah Chollet, a health policy expert at Georgia State
University.

Atlanta recently has awakened to this trend, analysts say. In fact, HMOs didn't
put down roots in the metro area until 1980 and soon ran into serious financial
and organizational snags. Meanwhile, HMOs thrived in other markets, such as in
California.

Some roadblocks to managed care here, according to analysts, were erected by
doctors.

"Georgia is one of the most militant anti-managed-care states," says Mike Cadger
of Foster Higgins.

"The provider community, up til the mid '80s, was quite content, with no
shortage of patients," says Lew Yeouze of the consulting firm William M. Mercer.

Young doctors

Then some young doctors trickled in, more willing to be part of managed
networks, he says. Finally, the recession got a stranglehold on the local
economy, and employers began to feel the health-care pinch.

Managed care lagged here because companies didn't push it, says Adele Cohen of
the Atlanta Healthcare Alliance.

"In other parts of the country, employers demanded it," she says. "A lot of
companies here had this paternalistic attitude. They didn't want to appear to
push their employees around."

But when health-care costs kept soaring by double-digit rates annually,
swallowing up more and more revenue, many employers got serious. Some shifted
part of the cost to workers. Premiums shot up; wage growth shriveled.

But with companies' own costs still ballooning, chief executive officers began
huddling with benefits managers to troubleshoot solutions.

At Scientific-Atlanta, marketing of managed-care options to workers began three
years ago.

Over that time, "we've seen a change from 30 percent to 58 percent of employees
in managed-care plans," says benefits manager Beth Pollard. While the firm
hasn't eliminated the old fee-for-service plans, it has raised those deductibles
and out-of-pocket costs.

This strategy, along with promoting wellness and prevention programs, has helped
Scientific-Atlanta shrink its health-care cost increases, Mrs. Pollard says.

More competition

And as wide-open, fee-for-service options decline, the fortunes of managed-care
firms take off. The result is rough-and-tumble competition.

For example, seven managed-care vendors bid for Georgia Power's business, which
ultimately went to SouthCare Medical Alliance, the area's biggest PPO provider.

At Kaiser Permanente, the metro area's leading HMO, enrollment has surpassed
155,000. While hunting the big game - major employers - managed- care vendors
are drawing a bead on a mainly untapped market: small business.

"That is where the true growth market is," says Larry Madlem, president and
chief executive of SouthCare.

But for both small and large employers, do these managed-care plans deliver the
goods?

Both companies and analysts say tightly controlled plans, along with active
wellness and prevention programs, can hold increases to the low double digits,
perhaps even single digits.

And in an effort to try to control costs even more, some major companies have
delved into the medical business themselves. BellSouth and NationsBank, for
example, aggressively have hammered out their own networks of providers, both
locally and regionally.

Delta's deal

Delta Air Lines has selected six hospitals, both here and nationally, as its own
preferred providers of cardiac care for employees.

Such deals "show employers are taking cost containment into their own hands,"
says Mr. Cadger. "They're no longer just relying on providers and insurers."

As the pressure mounts to curb health costs, hospitals are feeling the heat.

"Managed care has accelerated the decline in use of [inpatient] hospital days,"
which are costlier, says John Newman, health administration expert at Georgia
State University. "It has helped shift services to outpatient places or home
care."

New tactics

To attract the business of employers and managed-care companies, hospitals have:

Formed alliances with other hospitals to market services;

Created partnerships with staff physicians to offer services.

Such partnerships reflect the fact that more metro physicians have warmed up to
managed care.

"More and more people realize it's not going away," says Dr. Charles Burton, an
obstetrician. "They realize they need to get on the bandwagon."

But the cost savings in Atlanta aren't as good as they should be, some local
companies argue. Reezin Swilley, BellSouth's benefits manager, notes that the
firm's networks save more in markets such as New Orleans.

Why?

"Atlanta is still a tough nut to crack," he says, adding that providers here are
as not as willing to agree to healthy discounts for employers.

"Atlanta doesn't save as much. That's going to have to change. The employers are
going to have to do something."

One tool could be stronger scrutiny of providers by the Atlanta Healthcare
Alliance, a group of employers that plans to identify cost- effective hospitals,
measure outcomes of medical procedures and establish performance standards.

Employers with operations spread out nationally may confront more obstacles to
holding down costs.

Created networks

Georgia-Pacific has created networks in communities where it has a strong local
presence. But with more than 50,000 employees scattered over 49 states, "it is
an administrative nightmare to manage this process," says Dick Spitznass, vice
president of compensation and benefits.

Systemwide government reform, rather than "Band-Aids," is needed, Mr. Spitznass
says. But most companies "don't expect the federal government to solve this
problem overnight," says Ms. Cohen of the Healthcare Alliance.

Still, President Clinton is talking tough on health care - and putting his wife,
Hillary, in charge of a reform task force. As this and state initiatives gather
steam, managed care is likely to bring more employees on board.

Down the road, the pulse of managed care in Atlanta may well be taken at Emory.
In a climate that historically has resisted managed care, its health-plan
transformation is remarkable.

What's more, some analysts say, Emory could present formidable competition to
other managed-care providers if it someday offers its employee plan, EmoryCare,
to other employers.

But university officials say they're focusing only on their own community.

"Our consultants tell us that we'll save in excess of $ 15 million over three
years," says Ms. Miller, the Emory human resources chief.

"We hope that the results will serve as a model for how large employers can
provide quality, cost-effective health care."

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH930390113

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Dr. Debra Carlton examines and patient at Kaiser
Permanente's Northlake medical office. Jean Shifrin / staff Photo: Alice R.
Miller / David Tulis / staff Chart: A look at managed care WHAT IT IS A way for
firms to curb costs, often by limiting worker freedom. Traditional plans make up
about half the market, but these managed-care plans are growing: Health
maintenance organization (HMO): A prepaid health plan where members may get care
only from a specified list of docuts. Point of service (POS): Looser than an HMO
with a primare-care physician as a gatekeeper to guide a patience's care with a
specific network of providers.  Patients have financial incentives to use the
network.  They can go outsideit, but must pays more. Preferred provider
organization (PPO): A network of doctors and hospitals offering incentives for
patients to use it.  Patients can go outside the network, but must pay more.
Atlanta's leading PPO players Preferrred Care Ga. (Blue Cross) 94,400 Private
Healthcare Systems: 110,485 USA Healthnet: 146,626 First Health/Affordable:
278,986 Southcare Medical Alliance: 368,000 October data, except Preferred Care
( January data).  Figures may include some overlap among networks. Source:
Harkey & Associates WHAT IT COSTS Average company cost per employee: 3,046 (1991
data; latest available) Source: Foster Higgins HMO: 3,291 POS: 3,355 PPO: 3,573
TRADITIONAL: HOW THE MARKET BREAKS DOWN Nationwide market share: Traditional:
POS: 5% PPO: 17% HMO: 23% 1991 data: latest available Source: Foster Higgins
Atlanta's leading HMO/POS players Organization People covered HMO of Georgia
(Blue Cross): 45,000 Aetna: 53,000 Cigna: 64,000 United Healthcare: 70,000
PruCare: 138,000 Kaiser Permanente: 155,000 Source: Georgia Association of HMO's
(as of Jan. 1) Art Work: Randall Grant / staff

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            October 1, 2011 Saturday

Changes to planned unit developments on agenda

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 690 words


To read information on the proposed electronic airport layout plan, click here.

To read information on the proposed Engler Road and Del Rey Boulevard
signalization and light agreement, click here.

To read information on the proposed Good Samaritan Village II planned unit
development, click here.

To read information on the proposed Remington Estates planned unit development,
click here.

LAS CRUCES - Changes to two planned unit developments (PUD) previously approved
by the Las Cruces City Council will be considered when the council meets 1 p.m.
Monday at City Hall, 700 N. Main St.

The two proposed PUDs, known as the Dave Timski PUD and Good Samaritan Village
II, would replace a single planned unit development, of more than 28 acres, that
has been known as Remington Estates. It is southwest of Northrise Drive and
Roadrunner Parkway.

If approved by the council, the Timski PUD would encompass a little more than 15
acres and would be a mixed-use project including limited commercial space,
office and multi-family residential units. Approval of the PUD would allow
construction to begin.

The proposed Good Samaritan Village II plan would be on more than 13 acres
adjacent to the Timski PUD. The development would include an assisted-living
facility, offering apartments, townhouses, nursing care and other related uses.
A limit of 200 dwelling units would be built.

However, if an assisted-living facility is not built, limited commercial, office
and multi-family housing units would take its place.

Also at Monday's meeting, the council will consider the approval of a
signalization and light agreement between the city and the New Mexico Department
of Transportation (NMDOT). Substantial improvements to Engler Road, where it
will cross underneath Interstate 25, are scheduled to begin early next year.

The proposed agreement would have the city paying the electrical costs and
taking over the maintenance of streetlights and traffic signals that would be
installed along a portion of Engler Road that would intersect with Elks Road and
Del Rey Boulevard.

"These agreements are developed largely to the fact that the city of Las Cruces
Transportation Department has the technical expertise to deal with the
day-to-day operation of these facilities, which primarily serve local traffic
needs," City Manager Robert Garza said. "Similar agreements will be in place for
Motel Boulevard, at I-10, as that bridge structure is reconstructed."

Work to replace the overpass at I-10 and Motel Boulevard is expected to begin
next spring.

Also on the council's agenda are two items for proposed improvements at Las
Cruces International Airport. On the consent agenda, which would require only
one motion by the council to approve, is a resolution that would award a $4.47
million contract to Jordan Construction of El Paso to make improvements to a
major taxiway. Included in the proposed resolution is a contract award to Delta
Airport Consultants, which would provide project management services; acceptance
of a $144,312 NMDOT grant that would be used to help with city matching funds
for the project; and amending the city's 2012 fiscal year budget to reflect the
grant funds received.

A council-action item includes the award of a $440,620 contract to Woolpert,
Inc., which would develop an electronic airport layout plan (EALP). Garza said
the proposed plan is a vital document that would show current and future airport
conditions.

"The FAA (Federal Aviation Administration) has selected Las Cruces International
Airport to receive an EALP and has offered an Airport Improvement Program grant
for the project," Garza said. "...Benefits of the EALP will be increased
accuracy, ease of updating, and better access to the data."

Garza added that the FAA would pay 95 percent of the project, $418,589,, with
$11,015 in funds coming from a NMDOT Aviation Division grant, and $11,016 in
city funds.

If you go

What: City Council meeting

When: 1 p.m. Monday

Where: City Hall, 700 N. Main St.

TV/Internet: The meeting will be televised live on CLC-TV Comcast Cable channel
20, and will be webcast at www.clctv.com

Information: City Clerk's Office, (575) 541-2115

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

It's corporate welfare recipients who need to pay their way

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 680  words


It's corporate welfare recipients who need to pay their way There is an
expectation that academic balance would be a requisite for an opinion article,
but Julie Novak's article "Struggling welfare state in EU is a stark warning"
(December 12, p9) seems oriented to victim blaming.

Far from being icing on the cake, unemployment assistance, pensions, health care
and housing are minimal, civilised, humane, state obligations owed to citizens.
Labour market mismatches are attributable to failure by privatised corporations
to offer apprenticeships, preferring instead to poach or demand governments
facilitate immigration policies to provide appropriately qualified tradespeople,
stolen from other, usually poorer, countries.

Politicians may seduce the proletariat with rarely-to-be-realised promises, but
do the bidding, with alacrity, of, voteless, big money. Recent, and ongoing,
experience shows welfare supplicants are "too big to fail" global banks, which
emptied treasuries of state taxes to prop up nefarious behaviour.

The integrity of means-tested welfare to global corporations should be a prime
target, with their unwillingness to contribute to revenue and, for mining alone,
subsidies of at least $ 15billion, plus billions to the car industry, to the
detriment of basic services and infrastructure.

Thinktank choices lie in either establishing credibility for rigorous academic
discourse or in being merely propaganda organs of vested interests. Albert M.
White, Queanbeyan, NSW Dogs and children It is surprising how our society
considers dog ownership to be a right, and one that overrides the safety,
comfort and wellbeing of others. This is exemplified in "Teach children how to
handle dogs: study" (December 12, p5).

This article tells us that 186 children were admitted to hospital in Queensland
between 2003 and 2009. Of this total, 98per cent required at least one operation
under general anaesthetic, and 93per cent were left with permanent scarring. The
suggested solution is that children must be taught how to behave around other
people's dogs. One of the more ridiculous suggestions is "Never to run from a
dog or scream".

Running and screaming are natural reactions to life-threatening situations, and
a terrified four-year-old who is being threatened by a savage dog cannot be
expected to show such self control.

We know statistically that certain breeds of dog appear disproportionately in
the dog-attack records, and although not all members of a breed may be vicious,
the rights of a child not to be permanently injured or killed should take
precedence over the right of someone to own a potentially dangerous animal for
fun. Even if the child does provocatively run and scream.

David Rowell, O'Connor Interesting to see the article re teaching children how
to behave around dogs.

Fortunately there is already an organisation which does this - Delta Society
Australia. Its Dogsafe program has already done much to help safeguard children
in the areas where it operates.

Sue Schreiner, Red Hill State of rorts It is interesting that the Queensland
Government has been so comprehensively scammed by a foreign national ("$16m
fraud suspect found semi- conscious in his Queensland home", December 13, p2) -
since it might appear that one of Queensland's core business activities is
hosting financial, real estate and sports betting scams that chisel so much
money out of trusting souls elsewhere in Australia.

Anna Bligh is breaking up Queensland Health to stop the rot. With that
reasoning, perhaps her state should itself be broken up; with the Gold and
Sunshine Coasts being renamed to something that might alert others that they can
expect to hear offers too good to be true.

Perhaps, then, we might eventually see Queensland "proper", and an exiled
territory called "The White Shoe Coast", where - rather like its spiritual
equivalent, the Ivory Coast - you had better keep your wits about you.

I can see it now: high-speed boats setting off daily, armed to the teeth with
glossy brochures depicting the lifestyle that so easily could be yours. Ross
Kelly, Monash

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2011 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              May 29, 2011 Sunday
                                  ND1 Edition

DuPage collegians

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 537 words


* Haajira Cheema of Lombard was one of 66 students in the Lock Haven University
Physician Assistant Program, Lock Haven, Pa., who donned their white coats for
the first time during the White Coat Ceremony in April. The White Coat Ceremony
marks the transition that health care providers make from classroom
science-based education to clinical sciences and patient contact.

* Several graduating seniors from the local area at Augustana College, Rock
Island, were inducted into Phi Beta Kappa, the oldest honor society in American
higher education.

Glendale Heights:Kimberley Butnik, biology, pre-medicine.

Warrenville:Rebecca Noffsinger, mathematics and computer science

Wheaton: Katherine Storm, English

* Daniel David of Lisle graduated with abachelor's degree in legal studies and
Viera Rajcan with abachelor's inphysical education at the University of
Evansville, Evansville, Ind., in May.

* Several local students graduated from Azusa Pacific University, Azusa, Calif.,
in May.

Roselle: Valorie Nash, degree in international business interest

Wheaton:Cadmus M. Hicks III, bachelor's, political science; Alexander E. Earl,
bachelor's,applied exercise science

* Brittney Ludwisiak of Itasca graduated with a bachelor's degree from Kansas
Wesleyan University, Salina, in May.

* Wei Zhou of Naperville graduated with a doctor of philosophy in physics from
the University at Albany, Albany, N.Y., in December.

* Ted Kus of Glen Ellyn and Renzo Meza of Wheaton graduated from Parkland
College, Champaign, in May.

* Several local students recently received the Outstanding Woman Student Award
of 2011 at Northern Illinois University, DeKalb. They were judged on the basis
of their departmental and university leadership roles, community involvement,
awards and scholarships, goals and aspirations and obstacles overcome in the
pursuit of an education.

Aurora:Katrina Bade

Lombard:Andrea Messing-Mathie

Naperville: Nicole Arteaga, Katherine Haskins Becker

West Chicago:Ashley Michels

* Two local students were honored at the recent 2011 Awards Convocation at Ripon
College, Ripon, Wis.

Villa Park: Amy Gavard, Robert Rashid '36 Music Award

Wheaton:Stephanie Jenisch, membership in Phi Sigma Iota, the international
foreign language honor society; the Biology Service Award; and membership in the
Laurel Society, Ripon's senior honorary organization, recognizing student
achievement in all disciplines.

* Tammy Zhang from Winfield was named to the dean's list at Davenport
University, Grand Rapids, Mich., for the winter 2011 semester.

* A number of local students at Benedictine University's campuses in Lisle,
Naperville and Vietnam have been invited to be inducted in the university's
chapter of Sigma Beta Delta, a national honor society in business, management
and administration.

Aurora: Marc Ryan Incrocci, Tiffany Priscilla Askew, Maria T. Stone

Bartlett:Joseph John LeMone

Bloomingdale: Joseph V. DeSimone

Glen Ellyn:Catherine A. Gonzalez

Glendale Heights:John Ngoc Nguyen, Quang Anh Nguyen

Lisle: Kathryn Anne Bellich, Brandon Michael Rust

Naperville:Eric G. Fladeland

Oak Brook:Jillian P. Lazzarini

Oakbrook Terrace:Iwona Rogala

Villa Park:Christine Denise Geetersloh

Wheaton: Rana F. Aldaw, Nicole T. Stone, Tara Ruth Lanzerotti, John C. Dalby III

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Ledger Dispatch (California)

                     July 11, 2001 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

ROSES & THORNS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 09

LENGTH: 647 words


A for the new A Street

AN ENTIRE GARDEN of roses to the city of Antioch for completing (well, almost)
the long-awaited A Street extension. It looks gorgeous the wide curving sidewalk
with brick accents, the tree planters, the park benches and that panoramic view
of the San Joaquin River. This was a giant step in bringing the city's quaint
downtown closer to the rest of the community. A Street now connects with West
Second Street, the core of downtown.

We hope the next project for the city involves a more attractive entrance to the
city where A and Lone Tree merge, as Major Don Freitas envisions. It will surely
be a difficult ordeal. But it's a plan that could make it seem like there is a
"there" in Antioch.

New leader at helm

A ROSE to Dr. William Wong, Pittsburg Unified School District's new
superintendent. Wong came on board Thursday and has his work cut out from him.
His unassuming style and mild manner should serve him well. We wish him the best
and hope the community teachers, school staff, parents and community groups will
all lend him their support.

Bypassing the bypass

A THORN to Pittsburg city officials for not getting on board with the regional
transportation committee's request to raise city fees on each house built.
Pittsburg has been the lone hold-out to raising the fee to $7,500 per house.
Pittsburg councilmembers had suggested that if a big chunk of the money went to
their pet project, the Buchanan Bypass, then they might go along with the plan.

The transportation authority, composed of members of all of East County's city
councils, conceded. It suggested that half the money raised by Pittsburg could
go to the bypass on the condition that Pittsburg begin the project within the
next five years. But city representatives balked saying the project is too
complex to make such a promise.

Gee, even to start it? Pittsburg, more than any other city in East County, has
and will gain the most from the Highway 4 expansion. Pittsburg should reconsider
and go back to the bargaining table with the other transportation authority
members. There's got to be a win-win that can come out of this situation
somehow.

Here's to good health

A ROSE to the county for turning the old Los Medanos Hospital into a community
health clinic. The Pittsburg Health Center, set to open to patients Aug. 15 held
a dedication ceremony Thursday. Finally something good for and beneficial to the
community is happening in health care after the disaster of a mismanaged
hospital's bankruptcy.

Pittsburg schools grant

A ROSE to Pittsburg schools for snagging a $3.6 million grant for after-school
programs. This is an incredible amount of money. The district should ensure that
it is properly overseen, and spent wisely and purposefully that is, helping the
academic performance of Pittsburg students and turning out well-rounded young
citizens.

Promoting tourism here

A ROSE to Assembly members Joe Canciamilla and Lynne Leach who will pick up the
gauntlet and at least look into a proposal to make the Delta the state's 13th
tourism district.

As most East County residents know, our waterways make this a unique area. While
it is a popular fishing area and houseboating in the summer does a brisk
business, many still feel the full potential of this region has yet to be
tapped. They're right. A tourism district all its own could be just the ticket
to cash in on the area's virtues.

Housing for the needy

A ROSE to everyone city officials, county officials, community leaders and
service groups for getting the East County Family Transitional Center ready for
its first inhabitants. It's been a long time coming, well over three years.
Finally, families who need stable housing long enough to get back on their feet
will have the help they need. The new 20-unit complex will begin seeing
residents move in later this month.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                    June 04, 1999 Friday, RT. 9 EAST EDITION

KidSeal keeps youngsters smiling;
 Quinsigamond dental students give a hand

BYLINE: Kathleen A. Shaw; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 386 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER



Nearly 250 local elementary school children are participating in KidSeal, a
dental program at Quinsigamond Community College.

The children receive dental sealants, cleaning, fluoride treatment and dental
education. The program is made possible by a $5,000 grant from Delta Dental Plan
of Massachusetts.

"KidSeal is intended as the first year of a three-year pilot to establish a
model which may lead to similar program throughout Massachusetts," said
professor Joyce Cooney, who teaches dental hygiene at the college. She directs
the KidSeal program.

Studies have shown that sealants, when applied to children's primary or
permanent teeth, reduce the risk of cavities by more than 50 percent, minimizing
or eliminating the need for restoring damaged teeth later. Research has also
shown that dental sealants can reverse early sign of tooth decay and can last up
to 15 years, she said.

The program is supported by the Worcester School Department and the city Health
Department. More than 15 area dentists and dental hygiene practitioners have
volunteered their time at the college's dental hygiene clinic.

"Practitioners are eligible for CEUs as a result of their participation," Cooney
said.

Children from Burncoat Street, Grafton street, Granite Street, Harlow Street and
Lincoln Streets schools are participating.

"The majority have little or no access to regular dental care and are in need of
the services provided by this pilot program," Cooney said.

KidSeal is the outgrowth of a study by Cooney and took three years to organize.

It is the only pilot program of its kind in Massachusetts.

Quinsigamond dental hygiene students participated in the planning and
implementation of the program, meet in the schools with pupils and their parents
to explain the importance of oral health and good dental hygiene.

College officials hope to continue the program next year, perhaps making it a
regular feature of its dental clinic. The clinic offers dental services to
children and adults for a nominal fee.

Cooney hopes to meet all the dental health service needs of low income children
in Worcester.

"That probably means offering services to almost 3,000 elementary
schoolchildren," she said. She and the volunteers will be assessing the program
to see how they can accomplish that goal.


LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS; T&G Staff Photos/PAULA B. FERAZZI ; Above, 8-year-old Jean
Vincente, wearing sunglasses, sits in the dental chair as Jennifer LaFortune, a
senior in the dental hygiene program at Quinsigamond Community College, checks
his throat before checking his teeth. Below, Jean shows the
hygienist-in-training how he flosses.

               Copyright 1999 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business
                                 Print Version

                               December 17, 2012

WEEK ON THE WEB

SECTION: Pg. 22 Vol. 28

LENGTH: 952  words


WWJ host Donovan signs off - for good

Longtime WWJ 950 host Joe Donovan has signed off from the station's morning
show, the Detroit Free Press reported.

At the top of the 10 a.m. hour Friday, Donovan said: "Goodbye, Detroit. Thank
you for listening all these years."

A reason for the departure wasn't stated on air by Donovan, who began his career
with WWJ in 1976 and co-hosted the highly rated morning show.

ON THE MOVE

- Vernice Davis Anthony was named director of the Detroit Department of Health
and Wellness Promotion. She replaces Loretta Davis, who becomes president and
CEO of the new Institute for Population Health.

- Robert Kamphuis, interim CEO for Pontiac-based Oakland Integrated Health
Network since January, was named to the permanent post.

- Dan Orlando was appointed interim CEO by Ann Arbor-based Aastrom Biosciences
Inc. Orlando, who joined Aastrom in August as chief commercial officer, replaces
Tim Mayleben, who is retiring.

- Susan Collins, dean of the Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy at the
University of Michigan, was appointed to the board of directors of the Detroit
branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, effective Jan. 1.

COMPANY NEWS

- Wanxiang Group Co., China's biggest auto parts maker, agreed to buy most of
electric car battery maker A123 Systems Inc. for $256.6 million, outbidding
Johnson Controls Inc. by more than double in a U.S. bankruptcy auction. A
Delaware bankruptcy judge approved the sale.

- Delta Air Lines, the largest carrier at Detroit Metropolitan Airport, said it
will buy almost half of Virgin Atlantic for $360 million as it seeks a bigger
share of the lucrative New York-to-London travel market.

- Detroit-based Huron Capital Partners LLC, the state's largest private equity
firm, acquired Anoba Consulting Services LLC, a Raleigh, N.C., engineering firm
specializing in software that analyzes risk at nuclear power plants.

- Romulus-based new- and used-vehicle transporter United Road Services Inc. has
been acquired by Boston private equity firm Charlesbank Capital Partners.

- The Detroit Diesel Corp. used a visit from President Barack Obama last week to
announce that it will add 115 jobs and invest millions at a factory in Redford
Township.

- More than a dozen Chrysler Group LLC assembly-plant workers fired in 2010
after being filmed by WJBK-TV2 drinking alcohol and smoking during breaks were
reinstated by an arbitrator.

- The Oak Park-based nonprofit Visiting Nurse Association Inc. sold its
affiliate corporations to Toledo investment group King's Pointe Capital LLC for
$295,000. The affiliates now are for-profit home care and hospice agencies
operating as Michigan Community VNA and Michigan Community Wellness.

- Revenue for Detroit's casinos decreased 2 percent in November from the same
month last year, while rising 1.7 percent over October 2012. According to the
Michigan Gaming Control Board, MotorCity Casino Hotel was the only one of the
three Detroit casinos to see revenue rise for the month, year over year, with an
increase of 2.1 percent to $38.5 million.

- Toronto-based Slate U.S. Opportunity (No. 1) Realty Trust purchased Cambridge
Crossings shopping center in Troy for $26.9 million from a joint venture between
Baltimore-based LaSalle Investment Management and Madison Heights-based Kimco
Realty Corp.

- Mt. Brighton Ski Resort in Brighton will keep its name but might get hill
extensions, another chair lift and greater snowmaking capacity under new owner
Vail Resorts Inc. - but not until next year, said executives of the Broomfield,
Colo., company.

OTHER NEWS

- A vote to begin moving forward with the planned $650 million arena and
entertainment district proposed by the Ilitch family was approved 58-49 in the
Michigan House. The bill would allow the Detroit Downtown Development Authority
to dedicate undedicated tax revenue toward a new arena for the Ilitch-owned
Detroit Red Wings. Also, the family issued a statement saying that the city's
documentation of unpaid property taxes on Joe Louis Arena is in error. The
Detroit Free Press reported the Ilitches' Olympia Entertainment Inc. is
$971,482.52 in arrears on property taxes for two land parcels since 2009.

- The Detroit Tigers and pitcher Anibal Sanchez agreed to an $80 million,
five-year contract, AP reported. Sanchez was acquired by the Tigers from the
Miami Marlins in July.

- The Detroit City Council voted 5-4 to approve the sale of about 140 acres of
property on the lower east side to Hantz Woodlands LLC for a proposed mixed
hardwood timber farm.

- IT in the D entered into a formal partnership with the Workforce Intelligence
Network that will let the former pursue 501(c)(3) nonprofit funding
opportunities and build its programs.

- The number of houses on the market in Wayne, Oakland and Macomb counties was
down nearly 20 percent in November while home prices were up more than 20
percent over a year ago, reported Farmington Hills-based Realcomp II Ltd.

- The University of Detroit Mercy School of Law opened the George J. Asher Law
Clinic Center to house all 10 of its law clinics in a former city fire station.
The university renovated the building for $1.2 million in grants.

- An increasingly "older" Macomb County will see a rise in demand for health
care services and a continued increase in manufacturing in the next few years,
according to the report "The New Macomb County," a collaboration of Data Driven
Detroit, Macomb Community College and the Macomb County Executive's Office.

- Davenport University President Richard J. Pappas was the highest-compensated
private school administrator in Michigan in 2010, according to the Chronicle of
Higher Education. Pappas' compensation was $581,564, 113th among the 498 chief
executives in the study.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2012 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 24, 2009 Monday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Brown Water in Greenville;
President Obama promised help for the impoverished Delta during his campaign.
Now struggling communities wonder when economic stimulus money will flow their
way.

BYLINE: Story by Michael Leahy Photos by Linda Davidson The Washington Post

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 2693 words


GREENVILLE, Miss. -- In the blur of his campaign, it was just another overnight
stop: a Holiday Inn Express in Greenville, dead in the heart of this forsaken
land called the Delta. In the lobby, atop the front desk, a card in a plastic
frame greeted guests. It served as an alert, a quaint warning of sorts: "You may
be wondering why our water is brown -- it's the cypress tree roots, in the
springs underground. Y'all can drink our water and bathe without fear. For no
one lives longer than the folks around here." --  Barack Obama passed the card
on the way to his room. There, the bathroom sink and shower offered exactly what
the card predicted: a stream of yellowish-brown water, to be found in every
room. It came from a Greenville city well, which pumped the same
alarming-looking water into all the homes and businesses in the area. City
leaders and hotel employees emphasized that although it looked bad, the brown
water met all federal and state safety standards, and that residents commonly
drank it and bathed in it.

The next morning, Obama walked past the warning card again, on his way out of
the hotel and into an SUV that would ferry him to a restaurant for a breakfast
speech. He found himself sitting in the vehicle with Greenville's mayor,
33-year-old Heather McTeer Hudson, who had come to believe that the brown water
was seriously harming her city's image, impeding its efforts to lure new
businesses. She hoped to get rid of the color with a filtration system that
several American and foreign cities had used to take care of their own
brown-water problems. But struggling Greenville had no money to pay for such a
system, another complication in an array of infrastructure quandaries for which
Hudson was hoping to obtain federal assistance. As their 10-minute ride began,
Obama said to the mayor, as she recalls, "Tell me about Greenville's needs, the
Delta's needs."

She mentioned what she regarded as the key to her agenda -- the link between
improving Greenville's old water, sewer and road systems and luring new
employers to the hurting city, which had witnessed a decline of about 10 percent
of its population in recent years, dipping below 40,000.

At a street corner, staring out a window at some boarded-up buildings, Obama
asked her how many jobs had been lost in Greenville.

In the past 10 years, 8,000 people have lost their jobs, she answered.

The restaurant was nearly in sight. Hudson raised the point more important to
her than any other: Obama should not forget her city. "I hope you come back to
the Delta and Greenville after you are elected," she said.

They soon arrived at the restaurant, another establishment that served brown
water to anybody who asked for a glass. Obama's visit constituted an expression
of thanks: Greenville and the rest of the Mississippi Delta, upward of 65
percent African American, would be providing him with vital support that day in
his statewide primary-election victory over Hillary Rodham Clinton. He spoke to
an overflow crowd, recounting the discussion he'd had just minutes earlier in
the SUV. "The mayor, as we were driving over here, was telling me a little bit
about some of the challenges of the Delta generally. . . .," he said. "One of
the challenges, I think for the next president, is making sure that we're
serving all the communities, and not just some communities."

He promised the audience the same thing he had assured Hudson: He would not
forget them, and he would be back.

Rising Frustrations

 In recent weeks, as even staunch supporters of the Obama administration's $787
billion two-year stimulus package have questioned the program's lagging pace of
job creation, a small but increasingly restive group of African American
municipal officials in Southern states have complained that not enough money is
reaching communities like those found in the chronically impoverished Delta.
Their ranks include Hudson, who frequently encounters constituents loyal to
Obama but nonetheless asking when help from his administration is coming.

Hudson's life has changed significantly since the president's election. The
White House Office of Intergovernmental Affairs has made her a regular
participant in conference calls with other mayors and leading county officials.
But with her access to the powerful in Washington have also come reminders of
the expectations that follow any charismatic figure entrusted with the
presidency. "I know things have been a little slow for some people," she says.
"People see me in our Wal-Mart here and ask, 'We have a new president: When is
it all going to get started? When are there going to be jobs?' . . . People here
were anticipating that there was going to be a big package of jobs and money
with a wrapped bow signed 'Obama' at the bottom."

In other parts of the rural South, local government representatives have also
given voice to the mounting frustrations of their communities. The objections
are wide-ranging -- everything from stories of confounding red tape in the
stimulus program's application process to a general lament that federal
officials have sometimes overlooked small communities devoid of the kinds of
staffing, computer resources or technical expertise needed for preparing
sophisticated grant proposals.

In some cases, communities have felt outright ignored. In Alabama, Shelia Smoot,
a Jefferson County commissioner, says that although her county has been
relatively fortunate in obtaining federal funding over the years, many small
towns and cities outside her jurisdiction have given up on applying for stimulus
money, foiled by deadlines they couldn't meet and requirements and forms they
didn't fully understand.

"You're talking about some of the poorest places in all the country where [local
officials] don't have computers or sufficient broadband," Smoot says. "You're
talking about places with few [city staff] people. . . . They call me with
questions: 'Where do they go? What do they fill out?' We need more federal
people on the ground from Washington holding their hands, and we don't have
anybody from Washington down here. . . . I don't call that stimulus; I call that
same thing, different day."

Recently, in a conference call with White House officials, leaders of the
National Conference of Black Mayors, of which Hudson is the president, vented
the same frustrations as Smoot's -- particularly about the absence of a reliable
guide for communities desperate to access federal aid. "We've heard that concern
expressed, and it's not limited to the rural South," says David Agnew, an
official with the White House Office of Intergovernmental Affairs, who, in
talking about economic stimulus questions with mayors nationwide, has had
discussions with Hudson about Greenville's aims and where the city might be able
to apply for funding for specific programs. "We've worked closely with
organizations representing cities and towns to get the word out and also worked
directly with hundreds of cities and towns to help them access Recovery Act
funds. So the information is out there -- and we will continue to push it
aggressively."

The Brown-Water Project

Within a couple of weeks of Obama's election, buoyed by her new hope and
expectations, Hudson had completed her city's wish list for stimulus funding. It
contained proposals for 17 shovel-ready projects to improve roads, bridges,
sewers and -- for $12 million -- the brown water.

By then, Hudson had become convinced that the water problem was reinforcing
negative stereotypes about the quality of life in the Delta, scaring off
prospective investors and businesses. "A lot of out-of-state people we want to
see come here and bring their businesses here see our water and they say,
'That's just Mississippi -- what do you expect?' " she says. "They think if we
can't get the brown out of our water, we can't be trusted to do other things. .
. . I get questions from businesspeople and their spouses a lot: 'What's wrong
with your water?' They wonder whether they can give their children baths in it.
. . . They wonder if they can get their clothes clean. . . . Brown means dirty
to them. Basically, brown water is often the difference between somebody moving
to your community or not."

Until a few years ago, city officials had resigned themselves to the brown
water, and, before Hudson took office, Greenville voters had rejected a proposal
for the city to fund the project. "Most of them don't mind the water," the mayor
says. It has always been a part of Greenville, pumped from 12 city wells out of
the area's Cockfield aquifer, a subterranean water bed that includes layers of
prehistoric plant material through which the water must pass to get to the
surface. The plant material continually releases dissolved solids that bind to
the water molecules, making the elimination of the brownness a formidable
challenge.

The water receives a standard chlorine treatment that, in ridding bacteria and
potential viruses, also removes some of its color, though not nearly enough to
substantially alter its brownness. Three years ago, convinced that her city
needed a novel approach to the problem, Hudson commissioned a pilot treatment of
the water. A corporation specializing in water projects proposed a solution for
Greenville that it had employed in several other small American cities. Known as
ion exchange, the technique sends a city's raw water through a special resin
that removes the organic materials responsible for creating the color.

The tests produced exactly what Hudson hoped for: bottles of perfectly clear
Greenville water that served as proof that the brownness in her city's supply
could be eradicated.

But funding such a project always has been a challenge for Greenville and other
Mississippi communities. According to Keith Allen, director of the Bureau of
Public Water Supply for the Mississippi State Department of Health, about 150
water systems in the state face the same problem, and about 50 percent have
water even darker than Greenville's. As Greenville and the rest of Mississippi
waited to hear in January and February about stimulus requests made to the new
administration, Allen knew that Mississippi already had $56 million worth of
shovel-ready municipal water projects lined up before Hudson's request.

By then, the mayor understood that, for her program to be realized, the
administration would need for starters to allocate sufficient stimulus money to
cover those proposed projects ahead of hers. Given the magnitude of the change
sweeping the country, she was hopeful. "I wouldn't say I thought it was a
likelihood or certainty, but I talked to people about what we had in mind with
it and I was excited," she says. "And a lot of my excitement came from what was
coming from President Obama. Everything he said on that day he was here in the
Delta and during the campaign created so much excitement and optimism. It made
me believe anything was possible."

She waited for a letter from federal or state authorities that might contain
good news.

A Mixed Response

 Even amid her frustrations about the bureaucratic struggles experienced by
other rural Southern communities, Hudson appreciates the attention the Obama
team has shown her. "I went from nothing with that last administration to more
access than I could dream of with this one," she says, her profile having risen
in Mississippi to the point where local newspapers speculate that she may be a
candidate in 2011 for statewide office. Her regular conference calls have been
only a part of her White House contacts. Even before Obama took office, she
participated in Washington meetings that included soon-to-be White House chief
economic adviser Lawrence H. Summers and Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel. A month
after the inauguration, she was part of a White House gathering of mayors, where
Obama greeted her. "He smiled at me and said, 'Oh, this is my young Mississippi
mayor,' " Hudson recalls. "I was --" and she stops herself, throwing up her
hands, the portrait of a devoted admirer momentarily dazzled.

Still, she is anything but a seduced newbie, which is why she wasn't surprised
by the mixed response to her wish list. During the spring and summer, she
received letters indicating that four projects had been approved, including two
road programs that will bring Greenville about $1.4 million in stimulus funding.
But one of the ways Washington says no is to say nothing at all. Having heard
nothing favorable for months from federal or state officials about one of her
pet projects, she has come to see the reality: There will be no money for the
brown-water project. "Not this year," Hudson says.

A Transformation Delayed

Several other Mississippi cities hoping to receive water funding also have been
bypassed for now, as the state's water challenges simply dwarf the stimulus
package's offerings. The Recovery Act allocated $19.5 million to Mississippi for
all of its municipalities' drinking-water projects, a small fraction of the
amount needed to fund even the state projects ahead of Greenville's application.
In the wake of the disappointment, Hudson said she saw only one answer to her
city's financing quandary: "Mississippi needs to be getting more money for these
things. There needs to be more attention paid in general by the federal
government to the needs of small rural communities." But aware that the
administration had spent only about $100 billion of the stimulus funding at that
point, she held out hope that next year would bring better news.

That same summer week, she and other municipal officials participated in another
conference call with the White House. Two aides from the Office of
Intergovernmental Affairs told the group that, as part of his effort to reach
out, Obama soon would hold a town hall meeting in Virginia on health-care
reform. Hudson swiftly responded, as she and two other participants in the call
recount. "I'm glad for Virginia," she told the group. "But I would like the
president to come here to Mississippi, too. I know this is not a political
stronghold for him, but if you're talking about health care, there are more
health-care disparities here than anywhere else. . . . The Delta is ground zero
for all these problems you've been talking about. . . . Come to a rural area and
see what we face."

"Mayor Hudson was on fire," remembers Alabama's Smoot, who also took part in the
call. "I felt like she was a kindred spirit."

Hudson had not finished. "The president will always be welcome here," she said,
adding: "The president should come down here and see things."

"Amen," Smoot exclaimed to the others. "Alabama says amen to that twice."

A few hours after the White House call ended, Hudson was still thinking about
the conversation, allowing that she had tried her best to sound firm but
gracious. As the sun slowly fell on Greenville, she drove around her city. She
pointed at empty lots that she wants included in the area's renaissance, a
transformation that will be realized, she believes, if and when the staples of
American commerce, such as major chain restaurants, set up shop. But that will
happen, she says, only after Greenville has bolstered its infrastructure,
including dealing with the brown water. She gestured at a barren gash in the
landscape and smiled.

"This is where my Red Lobster and Olive Garden need to be," she said. "But you
know that big places like that won't be coming here if it's brown water they're
getting. . . . I'd tell that to the president, too."

If Obama returns, he will see the same brown water pouring out of the bathroom
tap at the Holiday Inn Express, should he choose to brush his teeth there. He'll
find the same framed card on the front desk, with its same down-home assurances
about the peculiar-looking water colored by the prehistoric plant life.

It is that very sense of permanence, of futility, that the Delta must always
fight, Hudson regularly tells her out-of-town guests. She drove past the Holiday
Inn Express and said: "We want the president back here so he can get a sense of
all of the Delta's possibilities. He would be the most important of all the
guests -- the one who could lead the change. We don't think that's too much. He
said he would come."

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; Tristan Harris, 3, takes his bedtime bath in yellowish-brown
water pumped from a city well in Greenville, Miss.
IMAGE; Mayor Heather McTeer Hudson has been appealing to the Obama
administration for money to fund a filtration system to remove the color from
Greenville's water. The problem is seriously harming the city's image and making
it difficult to lure businesses, she says.
IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE; Photos By Linda Davidson -- The Washington Post; "Basically, brown water
is often the difference between somebody moving to your community or not," says
Greenville Mayor Heather McTeer Hudson, above. The cause of the discolored water
is traced to the roots of cypress trees in the Delta, shown at left at the
Greenville Cypress Preserve Trust, where some of the trees are more than 100
years old. The discolored water can be seen during an annual flow test conducted
by the Greenville Fire Department.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     August 1, 2001 Wednesday, Home Edition

Daily Briefing

SOURCE: From staff and wire reports

SECTION: Business; Pg. 2F

LENGTH: 1705 words


* DENOTES ITEM OF PARTICULAR INTEREST

DEALS: Berkshire to buy container leasing firm

Omaha, Neb. --- Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agreed to buy Xtra
Corp., a container leasing company, for about $1.3 billion in cash and assumed
debt, a bet that shipping demand will rebound with the economy. Berkshire agreed
to pay $55 a share for Westport, Conn.-based Xtra's 10.6 million shares, or
about $590 million in cash.

Candie's lends look to cellphones

Valhalla, N.Y. --- Candie's Inc., a maker of casual shoes and handbags for young
women, is teaming with Motorola Inc. to design and sell Candie's accessories for
Motorola cellphones. Financial terms weren't disclosed. The accessories line is
expected to include hard covers and cases, and will come packaged with materials
that allow users to personalize their phones, Candie's said.

FINANCE: Four-week T-bills pegged at 3.590%

Washington --- The Treasury Department sold $10 billion of new four-week bills
Tuesday at an interest rate of 3.590 percent. The rate understates the actual
return to investors --- 3.647 percent for four-week bills, with a $10,000 bill
selling for $9,972.10. It was the first auction of the four-week bills, which
will be sold each Tuesday. The new security --- the Treasury's shortest maturity
--- should give the Treasury greater flexibility to manage its cash needs.

FOOD/BEVERAGE: Lemon Diet Coke launch set for fall

3 Coca-Cola will launch Diet Coke with Lemon this fall, the company confirmed
Tuesday. The product will first appear in Midwestern markets, Coke said,
confirming a report from Beverage Digest. Coke said it decided to offer the new
flavor because it is already common for Diet Coke drinkers to add lemon. Diet
Coke is the third-best-selling soft drink in the United States, behind Coke
Classic and Pepsi. The product is likely to have a broader rollout in the
future.

Purple ketchup latest twist from Heinz

Pittsburgh --- Heinz is adding "Funky Purple" to its crayon box of condiment
colors. The company, hoping to build on last year's success with a "Blastin'
Green" ketchup, said Tuesday the purple ketchup goes on sale in September. In
seven months, H.J. Heinz Co. sold more than 10 million bottles of green ketchup,
pushing up total sales by 5.4 percent.

Burger King announces voluntary toy recall

For the third time in less than two years, Burger King Corp. is conducting a
voluntary recall of its Kids Meal toys because they could pose a hazard to
children. Burger King, the nation's second-largest hamburger chain, said it is
recalling 2.6 million "Hourglass Space Sprout" and "Look for Me Bumblebee" toys
that are designed for toddlers under the age of 3. The toys can break, releasing
small beads or balls on which children can choke.

HEALTH CARE: Medicare to increase payments to hospitals

Washington --- Medicare, the U.S. government health insurance program for the
elderly and disabled, will increase payments to hospitals an average of 2.1
percent starting Oct. 1, according to the agency that runs Medicare. Almost
4,800 of the nation's acute care hospitals receive Medicare payments under the
inpatient payment system. Other types of hospitals, such as rehabilitation
facilities and psychiatric providers, are paid under other systems.

Triad Hospitals set to reduce jobs

Dallas --- Triad Hospitals, the third-largest U.S. hospital chain, expects to
reduce jobs at its headquarters to 145 from 250 after completing the absorption
of Quorum Health Group. The company, based in Dallas, bought Quorum in April for
$2.4 billion to expand in the Southeast and Midwest. The two headquarters now
employ 250 workers.

LEGAL: Recording companies accused of price-fixing

Washington --- The AOL Time Warner and Vivendi Universal SA recording units were
charged by U.S. antitrust authorities with conspiring to fix prices on compact
discs, tape cassettes and videotapes of the Three Tenors. The companies
illegally promoted the latest recording of Luciano Pavarotti, Jose Carreras and
Placido Domingo by agreeing to a two-month moratorium on discounts and
advertising for earlier works by the opera stars, said the Federal Trade
Commission.

ABA may revise confidentiality rule

Chicago --- The American Bar Association is considering revising its ethical
standards to allow attorneys to turn in clients who reveal their plans to commit
fraud or another serious crime. The change in client-confidentiality rules is
one of many potential revisions the ABA will discuss next week when it meets for
its conference. Any actual changes would likely not be made until next year at
the earliest.

MANUFACTURING: Philip Morris plans new Marlboro brands

New York --- Philip Morris Cos., the biggest tobacco company, will introduce new
brands of Marlboro cigarettes this year. The company will sell Marlboro Special
Blend Full Flavor and Marlboro Special Blend Lights as a limited edition from
Nov. 19 through Dec. 31. They will be sold only in the United States in packs
priced the same as regular Marlboros.

MEDIA: Spanish network is named Tulefutura

Los Angeles --- Univision Communications, the biggest Spanish-language U.S.
television broadcaster, named its new network Telefutura and said it will
compete for viewers with many English-language networks. Telefutura, a name
selected from hundreds of entries by Univision employees, will reach 80 percent
of Hispanic homes in the United States through its station group and affiliates
when it begins broadcasting in January.

REAL ESTATE: Federal Home bank annnounces grants

3 Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta announced $18.6 million in Affordable
Housing Program grants to develop rental and owner-occupied housing for
thousands of low- and moderate-income families in 11 states and the District of
Columbia.

Rosie O'Donnell sells her mansion

Greenwich, Conn. --- Rosie O'Donnell, a talk show host and film actress, has
sold her mansion in Greenwich, Conn., her publicist said. The listing price was
$8.75 million. Publicist Jennifer Glaisek didn't disclose the selling price or
name the buyer. O'Donnell bought the property for $6.5 million almost two years
ago. The house, built in 1988, has six bedrooms, eight baths, a step-down living
room, a formal dining room, a paneled library, and a master bedroom suite with a
whirlpool tub.

TECHNOLOGY: NEC to slash 4,000 jobs in unit

Tokyo --- NEC Corp., the third-biggest chip maker, will cut 4,000 jobs in its
semiconductor division worldwide and withdraw from memory-chip production within
three years to reduce costs and boost profit. The job losses will include about
2,200 contracted employees and 300 full-time workers in Japan. NEC will cut more
than 600 of 1,600 employees at a chip plant in Scotland by March 2002.

Sun Microsystems to lose 300 jobs

Palo Alto, Calif. --- Sun Microsystems, whose server computers run Internet
sites and corporate networks, is reducing its work force by 300 this fiscal year
to trim costs as it copes with a drop in sales. Sun isn't firing anyone right
now, though that may happen later this year. The reduction will take place in
the year ending in June through attrition and a slowdown in hiring, and some
employees will be required to transfer to other jobs at Sun to avoid being
fired.

BBC World radio switching to digital

Armonk, N.Y. --- International Business Machines Corp., the largest seller of
computer services, won a two-year contract to transform the 43-language BBC
World Service radio from tape to digital production and broadcasting. Terms
weren't disclosed. IBM Global Services will design and install the system at the
London headquarters of the broadcaster's global radio service in partnership
with Finland's Jutel Oy.

Chrysler to reduce delivery time

Omaha, Neb. --- Union Pacific Corp. formed a subsidiary to track auto shipments
for DaimlerChrysler AG's U.S. unit via the Internet, seeking to cut Chrysler's
delivery time by 30 percent and save $280 million over six years. The owner of
the nation's largest railroad said its newly formed Insight Network Logistics in
its first year will work to shave three days from the average 12-day delivery
time between factories and dealerships.

TRANSPORTATION: Delta to add charter jet service

3 Delta Air Lines, through its Comair subsidiary, expanded its service to
charter private jets for companies and wealthy people. The move came after rival
United Airlines in May said it would set up a new unit for a similar business.
Comair Jet Express added four Gulfstream IV-SP business jets to a charter fleet,
giving it a total of 10 aircraft. Comair Jet Express manages business jets owned
by corporations or individuals, hiring them out to other customers when they
aren't being used by the owner. Atlanta-based Delta will add "a couple of planes
here and there" to expand Comair Jet Express and won't spin off the operation or
make it a separate unit, Delta Chief Executive Leo Mullin told the trade
publication Aviation Daily.

Continental to offer more video choices

Houston --- Continental Airlines, the No. 5 U.S. carrier, will eliminate its $4
headphone rental fee and offer more video choices on flights.The Houston-based
carrier will begin offering 20 audio channels instead of 13 on flights using
Boeing Co.'s 777 and 767 jets in September, Continental said. Passengers can use
their own headphones or purchase a pair usable on all Continental flights for
$2. Passengers on international flights will receive a free pair.

WORKPLACE: Ericsson workers asked to sacrifice

Stockholm , Sweden --- Ericsson AB is asking workers to help reduce costs by
taking the bus, forgoing fruit baskets and canceling newspaper subscriptions as
the top maker of mobile telephone networks tries to return to profit. Sweden's
biggest firm is cutting 22,000 jobs, reducing outside consultants by a third and
pushing clients to pay faster in a bid to slash costs by $3.6 billion. The
remaining staff should also quit ordering flowers, Ericsson said in a two-page
internal memo obtained by Bloomberg News.

LOAD-DATE: August 01, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Brief

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 31, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Schering Fined Over Pricing

SECTION: Financial; E02

LENGTH: 650 words


Schering-Plough agreed to pay $346 million in fines and damages to settle
charges that it overcharged for drugs sold through Medicaid. The pharmaceutical
company said it would also plead guilty to a federal criminal charge concerning
a payment to a managed care customer. Federal law requires drugmakers to give
their lowest prices to Medicaid, but a group of whistle-blowers accused the
company of giving some private health care providers better deals on its drugs
by offering them under-the-table "patient education" grants.

Google, the online search engine leader, opened the Web site www.ipo.google.com,
where prospective investors must register to bid for shares in the company's
highly anticipated initial stock offering. After a prospective investor provides
certain personal information, the site promises to e-mail a link to a site that
provides the ID number required to place a bid for Google shares through one of
28 participating investment banks.

D Squared Solutions avoided a court battle with the Federal Trade Commission by
agreeing to stop bombarding computer users with Internet pop-up ads advertising
its ad-blocking software. The San Diego company said it would stop using the
Messenger function enabled on many Windows operating systems to send pop-ups.

Bristol-Myers Squibb said it will pay $300 million to settle a class-action
lawsuit that accused the company of lying about accounting and its investment in
ImClone Systems. Shareholders who sued Bristol-Myers said it made overly
optimistic statements about an ImClone drug's chances for approval by the Food
and Drug Administration. The accounting allegations relate to an announcement by
Bristol-Myers in 2002 that it overstated revenue between 1999 and 2001 by $2.5
billion by offering incentives to wholesalers.

Hollinger International completed its $1.33 billion sale of London's Telegraph
newspapers to David and Frederick Barclay, ending eight months of wrangling with
former chief executive Conrad Black. Separately, the Hollinger-owned Chicago
Sun-Times reduced its single-copy circulation numbers by roughly 72,000, or 23
percent, more than a month after Hollinger announced that the paper had inflated
the numbers for several years.

Mantra Films, marketers of the "Girls Gone Wild" videos and DVDs, agreed to pay
nearly $1.1 million in customer refunds and civil penalties to settle government
claims that the company shipped unordered products and then charged customers.

Delta Air Lines chief executive Gerald Grinstein told pilots that the carrier
needs $1 billion a year in concessions from them, rejecting a proposal for up to
$705 million in cuts.

Matsushita Electric recalled about 500,000 combination TV/VCRs because the
device's cabinet can break when lifted. The gray-black, 13-inch and 20-inch sets
were sold under the Panasonic, Quasar, RCA and JCPenney brands from January 1995
through December 1996 for $300 to $490, the Consumer Product Safety Commission
said.

A federal appeals court revived a patent lawsuit that McLean-based Mars, maker
of Pedigree dog food and Whiskas cat food in addition to its well-known candies,
brought against Del Monte Foods over dog and cat treats with soft centers. The
appeals court ruled that the trial judge used an incorrect interpretation of the
patent to dismiss the case, which Mars filed in 2001.

Archer Daniels Midland lost $103 million in its fiscal fourth quarter, pushed
into the red by a $252 million after-tax charge related to the settlement of
fructose litigation, compared with profit of $95 million in the second quarter
of 2003.

Deutsche Bank, Europe's third-biggest bank, said second-quarter profit rose 15
percent, to $790 million, but the increase was less than analysts expected
because of a slump in investment banking.

Compiled from reports by the Associated Press, Bloomberg News, Dow Jones News
Service and Washington Post staff writers.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                      July 27, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Kudos

BYLINE: VANCOUVER SUN

SECTION: BUSINESS; KEEPING TRACK; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 779 words


An estimated $ 1.9 million was raised across Canada during the 14th annual
Partnership Walk in support of international development. In Vancouver, the walk
was held at Stanley Park, attended by 3,500 participants, and raised $ 300,00.
The Walk is a volunteer- driven initiative of the Aga Khan Foundation Canada, a
non-profit international development agency that supports human development
projects in Asia and Africa in the areas of health, education, and rural
development with the emphasis on preserving the environment, increasing
opportunities for women, and promoting small enterprise development. Funds
raised by the walk are matched by the Canadian International Development Agency.

The B.C. Branch of the Kidney Foundation of Canada has been presented with a
Special Event Award of Excellence by the national organization. The branch was
recognized for organizing Twoonies for Transplantation, which raised awareness
of organ donation, and creating special events that raised close to $ 160,000
for kidney disease treatment and research in 1997. Since 1964, the Foundation
has conducted fund-raising campaigns that have contributed more than $ 40
million to medical research and provided the funding for a variety of services
to kidney patients.

North Shore McDonald's locations have contributed more than $ 15,000 to the
Pediatric Unit of Lions Gate Hospital. The donation represents a portion of the
funds raised on McHappy Day, May 6, which raised over $ 3 million this year
across Canada. The gift will help provide young patients with a beautiful
playroom in the renovated Pediatric Unit.

In a promotion organized around the 1998 NHL all-star game, Kaman Industrial
Technologies was able to raise $ 8,032.40 for the B.C. Children's Hospital.
Kaman and its suppliers donated more than $ 5,000 in prizes and covered the
total expenses for the fund-raising effort; while Kaman sales staff sold raffle
tickets to customers throughout B.C. The entire ticket proceeds were donated.

Canada Post employees at the main Vancouver office have earned distinction for
displaying the country's biggest flag to celebrate Canada Day. Employees
contributed money for a piece portion of the flag, which almost covered the
south side of the Georgia St. building. The $ 7,500 raised was donated to the
employees' chosen charity, the KidSafe Project Society, which serves at-risk
Vancouver children living in poverty at four locations.

Microcell Solutions has donated $ 2,000 to the SPCA to celebrate the first
anniversary of FidoService launch in Vancouver. Partial proceeds from service
activations initiated at all Lower Mainland Fido outlets are going to support
the SPCA's summer day-camp program, which teaches kids about animals and the
importance of humane thought and behaviour.

Two members of Simon Fraser University business faculty, Bill McCourt, the
Faculty of Business Administration's Van Dusen executive-in-residence, and
assistant professor Peter Klein are recipients of 1998 Canada Trust
distinguished teaching awards. The award was established in 1989 through a $
50,000 gift from Canada Trust and matching funds from a provincial government
grant. McCourt came to SFU in 1992 with 36 years of experience in top managerial
positions.Klein arrived at SFU in 1996. His PhD dissertation at the University
of Toronto earned him the Harvey Rorke memorial prize for best dissertation for
his research related to Canadian Investment. Last year Klein won a Chicago Board
of Trade award for best paper in the area of futures and options.

Ronald Strong, registered professional engineer and president of R.H. Strong
Associates in Delta, and Alexander Boome, president of Alexander Boome
Consulting Engineers in Vancouver, have both received Distinguished Service
Awards from the American Society of Heating, Refrigeration and Air-Conditioning
Engineers. ASHRAE, founded in 1894, is an international organization with 50,000
members, with the objective of advancing the science of heating, ventilation,
air conditioning and refrigeration through research and continuing education.
The award salutes members for giving freely of their time and talent on behalf
of the society.

Glennie Stamnes Strategy has won two silver medals and three bronze at the
Summit Creative Awards, an annual event held in Portland, Ore., to recognize
creative excellence in smaller agencies in Canada and the U.S. Glennie Stamnes'
winning entries were; a Vancouver Canucks TV commercial, Videotron print
advertising in the Consumer Magazine, the Big Brothers of Greater Vancouver
outdoor ad campaign, an Ethical Funds printed brochure and a Videotron TV
commercial.


LOAD-DATE: July 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: David McLean, chair, CN
Photo: ALL TOGETHER: Valerie Lambert, chair, B.C. Women's Foundation

Elisabeth Riley, president/CEO, Children's and Women's Health Care of B.C.

Dr. Penny Ballem, vice-president, Women's and Children's Health Programs.

Photo: BEST INTENTIONS AT HEART: Dr. John Mancini, vice-president, Heart and
Stroke Foundation of B.C. and Yukon, with Richar Carras, area manager, Western
Canada for Robert Mondavi.

Photo: MANY THANKS: Tom Malone, Scotiabank vice-president, B.C. and Yukon
region, receives United Way's Thanks A Million award from Cathy Crockett, United
Way's director of resource development. Shown with Malone and Crockett are
children and parents at Collingwood House, one of 105 organizations which
receive funding from the United Way every year.

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            April 22, 2009 Wednesday

Campus Briefs

BYLINE: Mark Donovan, Dan E. Way

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 364  words


UNC junior wins Udall award

CHAPEL HILL -- Marion Boulicault of London, a junior at UNC, was studying abroad
in the Mekong Delta of Vietnam when she learned she'd been chosen by the Morris
K. Udall Scholarship and Excellence in National Environmental Policy Foundation
in Tucson, Ariz., as one of its 80 Udall Scholars for 2009. The recipients were
chosen recently from among 515 candidates nominated by 233 colleges and
universities nationwide.

Congress authorized the Udall Foundation in 1992 to honor the late congressman
from Arizona.

The foundation chooses scholars for commitment to careers in the environment or,
for American Indian and Alaskan native applicants, commitment to careers in
health care or tribal public policy. Scholars also must demonstrate leadership
potential and academic achievement.

Boulicault's award brings the number of Udall Scholarships awarded to Carolina
students to 13 since the awards began in 1996. The award will cover tuition,
books, room and board up to $5,000 for Boulicault's senior year. She hopes to go
on to earn a master's degree in environmental management and a law degree.

An environmental science major in UNC's College of Arts and Sciences, Boulicault
(pronounced "BOO-li-coe") came to UNC on a Morehead-Cain Scholarship.

This semester, she is studying abroad at Can Tho University in Vietnam, where
she also is studying water rights issues along the Mekong River.

N.C. State Earth Day event today

RALEIGH -- N.C. State University will celebrate Earth Day on the Brickyard from
10 a.m.-3 p.m. today.

More than 60 businesses, university departments and student groups will be
showcasing their sustainable products and services as part of the festivities.

For more information, visit www.ncsu.edu/earthday online.

State's second annual Earth Day Concert takes place on Lee Field Friday with
Sony recording artists The Annuals headlining. Doors open at 5 p.m. for the 6-11
p.m. show.

The event is university employees and students, plus one guest each.
Concert-goers must have a valid university ID to enter the non-alcohol event!

Contact Mark Donovan at mdonovan@heraldsun.com or (919) 419-6655 or Dan E. Way
at dway@heraldsun.com or (919) 918-1035.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Durham Herald Co.


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 28, 2000, Sunday

HIGH FIVES

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Hometown Hernando; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 756 words



Pointec makes dean's list at Embry-Riddle

Sarah Marie Pointec of Spring Hill has been named to the dean's list for the
spring semester at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Daytona Beach.
Pointec is a member of the junior class at Embry-Riddle, pursuing a degree in
civil engineering. She is a 1998 graduate of Central High School and the
daughter of  David Ross Pointec and  Rachel Marie Motl.

McCammon honored as hospital volunteer

Regional Healthcare Inc. announces Esther McCammon of Spring Hill, a volunteer
for Brooksville Regional and Spring Hill Regional hospitals, retired after 28
years.

McCammon, a retired teacher from New Kensington, Pa., moved to Spring Hill in
1972 with her husband, Don, and their three children. She began volunteering at
Lykes Memorial Hospital, now known as Brooksville Regional Hospital, in
September 1972. Her first duties included floor assignment, which helped her
become acquainted with the hospital.

In 1973, McCammon transferred to the gift shop, which at the time was little
more than a "little cupboard in the back," McCammon said. Sales were made from a
gift cart. She watched the shop grow and became actively involved in its
operation by scheduling the volunteers, tracking inventory, assisting in
merchandise purchases and shop management. McCammon was president of the Lykes
Memorial Hospital Auxiliary in 1981 and 1982.

In October 1991, McCammon opened the gift shop at Spring Hill Regional Hospital
and ran both the new one and Brooksville Regional's for the auxiliaries. Later,
McCammon became the chairwoman for both gift shops and handled all inventory,
accounting, purchasing, merchandising and operation. In 1999, sales neared $
145,000.

McCammon has been a member of both auxiliary boards and of numerous committees,
including the bylaws, scholarship and budget committees. In Jan. 1994, she was
named volunteer of the month at Spring Hill Regional Hospital.

On April 10, the administration of Brooksville Regional and Spring Hill Regional
Hospital held a volunteer luncheon at which, Tom Barb, executive director
presented McCammon with a plaque.

Lyman graduates from Stetson with honors

Natalie Lyman recently graduated with honors from Stetson University with a
bachelor's degree in exercise science. Lyman received the Algernon Sydney
Sullivan award, which is given each year to a female and a male graduate, who
exemplify the noblest human qualities and service to others.

Lyman also received the Outstanding Academic and Service award in sport exercise
science. She is listed in Who's Who in American Colleges and Universities, and
served as an officer for honor societies Phi Eta Sigma and Omicron Delta Kappa.
Lyman's other campus organizational involvements include Best Buddies,
Fellowship of Christian Athletes, Wesley House, Baptist Campus Ministry, the
Religious Life Council and the Stetson Community Service Board. Lyman graduated
magna cum laude and plans to obtain her doctorate in sports medicine. She is a
1996 graduate of Hernando High School and the daughter of  Sally Lyman of
Brooksville and  Charles Lyman of Tampa.

Coast Guard auxiliary stages cleanup

The Hernando Beach Flotilla 15-8, US Coast Guard Auxiliary held its first
Environmental Cleanup Day May 13 and netted 2 tons of trash.

"We really appreciated the assist received by Hernando County's Department of
Public Works, for their donation of plastic bags and work gloves," said  Manny
Iglesias, flotilla vice commander.

During the cleanup, vacant lots in the area were combed for discarded fishing
line, plastic bags, bottles, and cans. "If we can stop this litter from entering
the water, we can help prevent birds, seals and other animals from getting
caught in this material," commander  Richard Stolsmark said. Amid the typical
plastic items and aluminum cans some odd items were removed, including part of a
vehicle, a boat trailer, and a railroad tie. Volunteers also found a 1948 grave
marker, but it was too heavy to remove.

Boats were furnished for the cleanup by  Pat and Linda Frakes, Matthew Dooris,
Pat and Bob Lee, Ray Anderson, Bob Malis and Carole Luzader, Cecil Spencer,
David Hine, Major and Marie Tyrone, Walter Leonard, and Jim Steed.

Other volunteers were  David DeLeonardis, Manny Iglesias Sr. and Teresa
Iglesias, Manny Iglesias Jr., Larry Covar, Rick Foti, Bill Malone, Jackie
Jurges, Ed Garcia, Bill Ferreira, Wayne Phelan, Richard Stolsmark, Don Houser,
Steve and Kim Tymoczko.

A picnic lunch was served after the cleanup.


LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (3); Esther McCammon; Natalie Lyman; Hernando
Beach Flotilla 15-8, US Coast Guard Auxiliary volunteers, Walter Leonard and
Larry Covar, help with the cleanup of channels and canals, during the
auxiliary's first annual Environmental Clean-Up Day held May 13.

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 16, 2004 Sunday

CLUBS AND ORGANIZATIONS

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1489 words


The Christ Lutheran Men's Club conducted a raffle for a one-week stay at Hilton
Head in July, and the winner was  Herbert "Bert" Florio. The drawing was at the
club's April 7 meeting.

Also during the meeting, club members voted to purchase a new pancake grill for
the church kitchen. Members signed up to work at the Lutheran Laymen's League
convention, to be hosted by the club.  Freeman Reign, treasurer and chairman of
the annual Mother's Day breakfast, spoke about that event.

At the March meeting, the speaker was  Laynard Owens, assistant warden at the
Sumter Correctional Institute. Owens informed members about programs offered in
Florida prisons. The Florida system is the third-largest in the country, with
79,400 inmates in 65 prisons.

Christ Lutheran Men's Club meets at 7:30 a.m. on the first Wednesday of the
month at Country Kitchen in Brooksville. The club's main functions are Christian
fellowship and fundraising for the community and the church.

+++

Lorinda C. Eldredge was recently inducted into the  Alpha Delta Epsilon Chapter
of Phi Theta Kappa, an international honor society at the Pasco-Hernando
Community College North Campus.

Eldredge is majoring in psychology and lives in Spring Hill with her husband,
James. Following her induction, she was elected to serve as the chapter's
recording secretary.

Established in 1918, Phi Theta Kappa is the oldest honor society serving
two-year colleges. The society recognizes and encourages academic achievement
among two-year college students and provides opportunities for individual growth
and development through honors, leadership and service programming.

Students must rank in the top 20 percent of their class to be invited for
membership.

+++

The Rotary Club of Brooksville had the most successful Rotary Radio Auction in
its history March 27. Forty-three Rotarians and family members operated out of
SunTrust Bank and broadcast the auction during five hours of air time donated by
WWJB-AM 1450.

This was the 26th year for the event, which is the club's primary fundraiser.
This year, more than 164 items of new merchandise and gift certificates, valued
at more than $36,000, were auctioned.

The items up for bid were listed in local newspapers on March 26 and 27. Ten
telephones were staffed to receive the bids.

Auction chairman  Dudley Hampton and the Rotarians participating were pleased
with the results. When combined with cash donations, the effort yielded about
$20,500 in net proceeds, which will be used to help fund the club's projects,
programs and organizations in Hernando County, most of which involve children
and teenagers.

Almost every club member participated in obtaining items for the auction.
Rotarians who participated in producing the radio auction were:  Dave Alberson,
Bob and Barbara Barnett, Peggy Bauer, Nancy and Bill Beltz, Catie Blue, Anesta
Boice, Duane Chichester, Sandra and George Cooper, Al Dawson, Jack Gavish, Bud
Hallman, Dudley Hampton, Suzanne Henry, Ed Hobin, Jeff Kirk, Barbara and Steve
Manuel, Bob Martinez, Fred McKenna, Karen Nicolai, Deb Pedone, Karen and Ray
Phillips, Gretchen Pingley, Wanda Pisciotta, Kathi and Dale Ruebeling, Gary and
Lita Russell, Brande Sanders, Barbara Shiflett, Pam Shinn, Juanita Sikes, Donnie
Singer, Karen and Ray Stanbro, Richard Trump, Virginia and John Wanat and  Erick
Wicklund.

The Rotary Club of Brooksville thanked Hernando Today,  WWJB and  SunTrust Bank
for sponsoring the auction. The club also extended its appreciation to the
merchants that donated items for the auction.

NOTES OF THANKS

In this day when everyone is talking about health care and long waits in
doctor's offices, I would like to salute Dr.  Pariksith Singh.

I am a patient at Access Healthcare in Spring Hill and would like to say thank
you to Dr. Singh. During my recent office visit, I was taken care of with
skilled, efficient and timely care.

We need more dedicated young physicians here in Spring Hill.

Florence Potito,

Spring Hill

+++

On April 20, we attended a meeting in Timber Pines. We went to the country club,
but no one was there. A jogger happened by and said she would go home and find
out where the meeting was supposed to be at.

She drove her car back to the country club and told us the meeting was being
held in the recreation center near the lodge. We asked another young lady where
the lodge was located, and she graciously said we could follow her vehicle. She
took us to the lodge.

After the meeting ended, we had no idea how to get back to Commercial Way. We
asked a young man who said we could follow him.

Often, we read in articles of complaints about people who live in Timber Pines.
All we can say is the three people who helped us are special, and we are sure
that all the residents in Timber Pines are special. We sincerely thank them.

Andy and Marie Cisarik,

Spring Hill

+++

Ladies Auxiliary 11317 Knights of Columbus would like to thank the many people
who helped make our two latest fundraisers successful.

On Feb. 14, the auxiliary presented a night of listening and dancing to the
music of the  Hernando Jazz Society.  Carol D'Aquisto was the event chairwoman,
and  Kathleen Mulvaney her co-chair.

Everyone attending had a good time, and the music was great.

On March 20, the auxiliary had its eight annual dinner and fundraiser. The event
was sold out, and a good time was had by all.

Kathleen Mulvaney

Publicity

Lorinda C. Eldredge was inducted into the Alpha Delta Epsilon Chapter of Phi
Theta Kappa.

Dana Dennis, left, a server at Country Kitchen in Brooksville, drew the winning
ticket in the Christ Lutheran Men's Club raffle. Club president Kenn Perkins
held the container with the 100 entries. Broadcasters Brande Sanders, left, and
Bob Barnett, were hard at work during the Rotary Club of Brooksville's 26th
annual Rotary Radio Auction.

FIRE SAFETY GRANT: The Brooksville Fire Department was recently awarded a grant
through the Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program and the Federal Emergency
Management Agency, administered by the U.S. Fire Administration, to be used for
fire operations and fire safety equipment. U.S. Rep. Ginny Brown-Waite, right,
presented Brooksville Mayor Mary A. Staib, center, and Brooksville Fire Chief
James Daugherty with a check for $77,760 during the April 5 City Council
meeting.

IS IT GETTING WARM IN HERE?: Members of the Red Hot Flashes of Spring Hill, a
chapter of the Red Hat Society, recently had lunch at St. Sebastiaan's Belgian
Microbrewery on Commercial Way in Spring Hill. Standing in back, from left, are
Joan Fierro (queen mum), Joan Dobias, Shirley Jacques, Jo Smith, Maggie Merl,
Bonnie Ruge, Alice O'Hare, Fran Olson and Alice Beach. Kneeling in front, from
left, are Aileen Dellacato, Audrey Sexton and Doris Brennan.

CELEBRATING 95 YEARS: Leah Sikes, seated at right, a resident of Brooksville
Healthcare Center, was recently honored with a cake for her 95th birthday. Her
son, Ed Sikes, center, and employee Jennifer Fenimore, standing, assisted with
the birthday celebration.

LADY ELK OFFICERS: Members of Brooksville Elks Lodge 2582 Ladies of the Elk
installed officers March 27. New officers include, from left, Doris Cloman,
president, and her husband, Jim; Carol McGueen, historian, and her husband,
Dick, and Dorothy Schuette, chaplain. Officers not pictured include: Peggy
Touhy, vice president; Kathleen Seyfried, secretary; Gloria McFarland,
treasurer, and Sally McDonough, parliamentarian. Following the installation,
Cloman presented the lodge with a check for $8,000, which the Ladies of the Elk
raised over the past year through various affairs at the lodge.

IN APPRECIATION: Carol Molnar, right, president of the Tangerine Chapter of the
American Business Women's Association, recently presented Brooksville Mayor Mary
A. Staib a certificate of appreciation for the city's support of the 10th annual
Mermaid Rod Run Car Show on Jan. 18 at Tom Varn Park.

MUSIC TO THEIR EARS: Spring Hill United Church on Mariner Boulevard has a new
baby grand piano, thanks to the generosity of members of the congregation. Three
members, who combined represent more than 150 years of piano playing, recently
demonstrated the new piano. Standing on the left is Allene Wilson; seated is
Helen Dodd; and standing on the right is Helen Redshaw. The piano arrived just
in time for Easter.

RISING STAR: On April 14, Molly Storts, 12, traveled to Miami Beach for a
Universal Studios casting audition. The agency audition, which was by invitation
only, was arranged by the Green Agency in Miami Beach. Molly auditioned for the
role of Bianca in the upcoming movie, Shakespeare Unplugged. On April 26, Molly
received a callback by the producers of the movie. Molly is the daughter of
Robert and Karrilyn Storts of Spring Hill and the acting student of Vince Vanni.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: HOMETOWN HERNANDO

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Photo courtesy of Lorinda Eldredge; PHOTO, James Smith; PHOTO,
Richard Trump; PHOTO, Darcy Chase, (2); PHOTO, Audrey Sexton; PHOTO, Corliss
Greene; PHOTO, Sam Lidlow; PHOTO, George Warren; PHOTO, Vince Vanni; Lorinda C.
Eldredge; Dana Dennis and Kenn Perkins; Brande Sanders and Bob Barnett; U.S.
Rep. Ginny Brown-Waite, Mary A. Staib and James Daugherty; Carol Molnar and Mary
A. Staib; Joan Fierro (queen mum), Joan Dobias, Shirley Jacques, Jo Smith,;
Maggie Merl, Bonnie Ruge, Alice O'Hare, Fran Olson, Alice Beach, Aileen
Dellacato, Audrey Sexton and Doris Brennan.;  Leah Sikes, Ed Sikes and Jennifer
Fennimore;  Doris and Jim Cloman, Carol and Dick McGueen and Dorothy Schuette;
Allene Wilson,; Helen Dodd and Helen Redshaw; Molly Storts

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                           October 14, 2009 Wednesday

The Daily Record News Briefs: October 14, 2009

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 777  words


Sinclair boosts outlook

Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc., of Hunt Valley, said it expects third-quarter
revenue to decrease, but less than previously predicted. The company, which
owns, operates or programs 58 television stations in 35 markets, said it now
expects third-quarter net broadcast revenue to be approximately $136 million, or
9.4 percent below the $150.1 million posted for the corresponding period last
year. In August, the company had projected a larger, 15.7 percent decline to
approximately $126.6 million, compared to the year-ago period. Sinclair
attributed the improved picture to the U.S. government's extension of the "Cash
for Clunkers" program, increased spending for political and retail advertising,
and higher retransmission revenue.

Sinclair refinances

Separately, Sinclair said its Sinclair Television Group subsidiary plans to
offer $430 million of senior secured second lien notes due in 2017. Proceeds
from the sale will be used to fund a tender offer for the company's 3 percent
senior convertible notes due in 2027 and 4.875 percent senior convertible notes
due in 2018, Sinclair said.

NRC backs hearings

The Nuclear Regulatory Commission has ordered a full set of hearings on foreign
ownership and control of a proposed third nuclear reactor at Calvert Cliffs.
UniStar Energy, a joint venture between Baltimore-based Constellation Energy
Group Inc. and Electricite de France, asked the commission to reject the Atomic
Safety and Licensing Board's ruling that hearings should be held, but the NRC
agreed with the board's decision. A spokesman for the NRC said Tuesday the
commission has not made a judgment on the project and that no date has been
scheduled for hearings.

Novavax's grant

Novavax Inc., a Rockville-based drug development company, said it received a
Small Business Innovative Research grant from the National Institute of Allergy
and Infectious Diseases, a unit of the National Institutes of Health. Novavax
will use the $246,000 SBIR grant to support a segment of its preclinical
research program for a vaccine to combat respiratory syncytial virus. RSV is the
most commonly identified cause of lower respiratory tract illnesses in infants
and young children. It also infects more than 8.5 million adults annually,
causing severe pneumonia in adults over age 65.

Champions gets patent

Champions Biotechnology Inc., of Baltimore, a cancer research company, said it
has been granted a patent by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for its
research and development of a certain type of anti-cancer drug dubbed SG410. "We
believe that SG410, in the new ... formulation we developed, has the potential
to significantly impact the treatment of cancer," said Doug Burkett, president
of Champions Biotechnology. SG410, currently undergoing evaluation, is
Champions' first internally developed compound.

Career opportunities

CREW-Baltimore, the local chapter of the national Commercial Real Estate Women
organization, said it will host 50 middle school and high school girls at a
workshop Saturday at the University of Baltimore designed to explore career
opportunities in commercial real estate. The students - African-American girls
ages 14-18 from Baltimore City and Baltimore County - were recommended by
chapters of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority. The teenagers will build a replica
of a Baltimore building; interview CREW professionals; and tour the Fitzgerald
at UB Midtown construction site, a future multi-use complex for the university.

VA selects Aquilent

Aquilent Inc., of Laurel, a provider of Web-based services to the public sector,
announced its selection by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs for two
health IT support contracts with a combined value of more than $2.7 million. The
contracts call for Aquilent to provide health care revenue data migration and
health risk assessment services. The contracts are part of a total $13 million
in new business that Aquilent said it will receive during the final quarter of
2009 for a variety of Web, technology strategy and program management office
assignments.

A-plus for Giant

Landover-based Giant Food LLC said it has donated nearly $2 million to 2,191
schools in Maryland, Virginia, Delaware and Washington, thanks to its 2008-2009
A+ Bonus Bucks program. Maryland schools received more than $1.12 million. In
the past 20 years, A+ Bonus Bucks has raised more than $79 million to help both
public and private schools in the region fulfill their academic and enrichment
needs. The program is linked to shoppers' Giant Food loyalty cards, earning
points for dollars spent in stores. Giant shoppers can designate up to three
schools to benefit from their in-store purchases.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                   December 19, 2001 Wednesday, Home Edition

Daily Briefing

SOURCE: From staff and wire reports

SECTION: Business; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 1746 words


* DENOTES ITEM OF PARTICULAR LOCAL INTEREST

AUTOMOTIVE: DaimlerChrysler to cut 5,000 German jobs

Frankfurt, Germany --- DaimlerChrysler, already struggling to turn around its
money-losing Chrysler unit in the United States, will shrink its work force in
Germany by 5,000 to 6,000 workers by the end of next year. The reason is a
slowdown in its truck and bus business in Europe. The company has eight
commercial-vehicle plants in Germany in addition to six passenger car plants.

FOOD/BEVERAGE: CCE names Coke executives to board

* Coca-Cola Enterprises has elected two Coca-Cola Co. executives to fill spots
on the Atlanta-based bottler's board of directors. Gary Fayard, Coke's chief
financial officer, and Deval Patrick, Coke's general counsel, join the board of
CCE, which is world's largest soft-drink bottler. Coke owns 40 percent of CCE.
Fayard and Patrick replace Joseph Gladden Jr., Coke's former general counsel who
recently retired, and James Chestnut, who recently was named president of Coke's
Pacific Rim Group.

HEALTH CARE: Children's Healthcare to receive AFLAC gift

* AFLAC is expected to announce a $10 million gift to Children's Healthcare of
Atlanta. The gift will help expand the pediatric cancer program at the AFLAC
Cancer Center and Blood Disorders Service at Children's Healthcare. The center,
one of the largest childhood cancer and hematology programs in the country, said
AFLAC's $10 million gift is a record corporate contribution. The center said
Columbus-based insurer became its name sponsor in 1995 and has previously given
$7.5 million in gifts.

LAWSUITS: Tobacco makers settle San Francisco suit

San Francisco --- UST Inc., the maker of Copenhagen and Skoal, and eight other
smokeless tobacco makers will pay $2.75 million and post warnings about their
products to end a lawsuit brought by the city and county of San Francisco. San
Diego Superior Court Judge Ronald Prager approved the settlement, ending an
almost four-year lawsuit brought by San Francisco and the nonprofit
Environmental Law Foundation to force smokeless tobacco makers and retailers to
comply with a state environmental law.

MANUFACTURING: Motorola to scrap 9,400 more jobs

Schaumburg, Ill. --- Motorola, the second-biggest mobile-phone maker, will
eliminate about 9,400 more jobs, or 8.5 percent of the work force, in the next
12 months in a bid to return to profitability in 2002. The company expects the
cuts to save $865 million next year and help it meet analysts' profit forecasts,
excluding costs related to the firings, even as revenue falls 5 percent to 10
percent.

LTV declares common shares 'worthless'

Cleveland --- LTV Corp., which has stopped steel production and is trying to
sell its mills, said its stock is "worthless" and shareholders are unlikely to
receive any money from asset sales. "We do not understand the continued purchase
of these shares as there is no set of circumstances ... in which common
shareholders will receive any value," Chief Executive Officer Glenn Moran said.
LTV, the second biggest U.S. steel maker by sales last year, halted production
this month after 12 straight quarterly losses.

Bethlehem, U.S. Steel plan to raise prices

Pittsburgh --- USX-U.S. Steel Group, the biggest U.S. steel maker, and Bethlehem
Steel Corp. plan to increase prices in February because of new orders from
former LTV Corp. customers and declining imports. Bethlehem Steel plans to
increase the price on hot-rolled sheet, the most common type of steel used in
cars and appliances, by $20 a ton, or 9 percent, on Feb. 3. U.S. Steel plans to
raise prices on some steel plate by $20 a ton, or about 7 percent.

Steel producers agree to reduce output 10%

Paris --- Steel-producing nations meeting in Paris said they agreed to reduce
world output by almost 10 percent over the next decade after a glut sent prices
to their lowest level in almost 20 years. The group targeted a cut of as much as
97.5 million metric tons from global capacity of 1.06 billion.

MEDIA: GE, Coca-Cola among most-respected firms

* General Electric was ranked the world's most respected company for the fourth
consecutive year in the latest Financial Times/PricewaterhouseCoopers survey.
Atlanta-based Coca-Cola was the fifth most-admired company. Also in the top five
were Microsoft, IBM and Sony. The survey sought the opinions of 914 chief
executive officers from 65 countries.

TBS executive Sieber retiring at year-end

* Robert Sieber, who helped get a national ratings system for cable TV, is
retiring after 23 years with Atlanta-based Turner Broadcasting System. Sieber
leaves his job at the end of the year as senior vice president of audience and
market research for Turner's CNN News Group. The 56-year-old executive said he
opted to retire to spend more time with his family and pursue consulting work.
Sieber pushed Nielsen Media Research to begin national metered ratings in 1981
for cable TV, bolstering Turner's efforts to attract advertisers for its
networks.

Detroit bureau closure only reduction at CNN

* CNN has closed its two-person bureau in Detroit, which has been without an
on-air correspondent since broad job cuts in January. The Atlanta-based news
operation said it is eliminating the bureau as it concentrates on covering the
war in Afghanistan and tensions in the Middle East. "CNN has no plans to close
any other bureaus," spokeswoman Megan Mahoney said. CNN will be left with 41
bureaus, 11 of them in the United States. CNN executives say they are
contemplating opening more bureaus internationally next year. News operations
have been hit by a national slump in advertising, as well as the steep costs of
war and terrorism coverage.

Women's soccer group sells TV rights to Pax

* Paxson Communications Corp. purchased the rights to televise the Atlanta-based
Women's United Soccer Association in 2002 and 2003 for $2 million. The contract
guarantees that 22 games of the second-year league will air on Saturdays on Pax
TV. WUSA is owned by several media companies including Cox Enterprises Inc.,
Comcast Corp. and AOL Time Warner Inc. Cox Enterprises also owns The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution.

Time Inc. magazines get new presidents

New York --- Time Inc., the magazine publishing arm of AOL Time Warner, has
named new presidents of two of its top magazines, Time and Sports Illustrated.
Bruce Hallett, who had been president of Time magazine, was named president of
Sports Illustrated, succeeding Michael Klingensmith, who was elevated to the
post of executive vice president of Time Inc. last June. Eileen Naughton, who
had been vice president for investor relations at AOL Time Warner, will replace
Hallett as president of Time magazine.

RETAIL: OfficeMax to close 40 stores, post loss Shaker Heights, Ohio ---
OfficeMax Inc., the third-largest U.S. office-supplies chain, said it will close
40 stores and that it still expects a loss in its fiscal fourth quarter.
OfficeMax also has adopted a new inventory-management system, curtailed
store-opening plans and cut jobs in an effort to improve results since it's
expected to report an eighth straight quarterly loss.

TRANSPORTATION: Delta launches holiday fare sale on Web site

* Delta Air Lines launched an online holiday fare sale for fliers traveling on
certain days over the next two weeks. Round-trip fares from Atlanta range from
$78 to Charleston, S.C., to $258 to San Francisco. Travelers must depart on Dec.
23, 24, 25 or 28 and return on Dec. 25, 28, 30, 31 or Jan. 1. No advance
purchase is required, and most U.S. and Canadian destinations are included. The
sale fares are available at delta.com. Airlines often offer such last-minute
holiday sales to fill unsold seats.

Delta cuts its ties to Tallahassee chamber

* Delta Air Lines won't renew its membership with the Tallahassee Area Chamber
of Commerce, citing its opposition to the city of Tallahassee's revenue
guarantee for competitor AirTran Airways. "If there's an organization we're a
member of and they're using our dues to bring in competitors and subsidize them,
then we really don't need to be a part of that organization," said Blake Poole,
Delta's general manager of public affairs.

Airbus wins contract for transport planes

Brussels, Belgium --- Airbus SAS, the second-largest maker of civilian
airliners, won its first major military contract as eight countries agreed to
buy a new transport plane. The pact is worth about $21 billion to Airbus and its
partners in the biggest European defense project. France, Germany, Britain,
Spain, Belgium, Portugal, Luxembourg and Turkey ordered 196 A400M planes.

UTILITIES/ENERGY: Mirant buys stake in Oregon power plant

* Atlanta-based Mirant Corp., a U.S. electricity generator and trader, completed
its purchase of half a power plant being built in Oregon by utility owner Avista
Corp. Mirant declined to say how much it paid. The Coyote Springs 2 project is
expected to cost as much as $190 million, and Avista has already invested $140
million.

Reliant changes name before company split

Houston --- In a step toward splitting its regulated and unregulated businesses,
Reliant Energy Inc. will rename itself CenterPoint Energy before separating into
two companies. Houston-based Reliant Energy already operates as two separate
units: competitive energy services provider and trader Reliant Resources and a
group of regulated utilities, such as Houston Lighting and Power. Under a plan
approved by shareholders, CenterPoint Energy will become a holding company that
will replace Reliant Energy on the New York Stock Exchange. It will own a
regulated utility also called CenterPoint and unregulated energy marketer
Reliant Resources.

WORKPLACE: OSHA drops plan to curb smoking at work

Washington --- The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration withdrew a
proposed Clinton-era rule restricting smoking in the workplace, at the urging of
anti-smoking groups that said it's no longer needed. Such groups lobbied hard
for the measure, which would have virtually banned smoking in all U.S.
workplaces, when it was proposed in 1994. Now they say that state and local
lawmakers, combined with efforts by companies, have eliminated the need for more
regulation.

COMPILED FROM STAFF REPORTS, DOW JONES NEWS SERVICE, BLOOMBERG NEWS AND
ASSOCIATED PRESS

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Brief

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday

Tri-Valley letters: Fix state's water laws to benefit all, not just few

BYLINE: Valley Journal/Times-Herald

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1063 words


Fix state's water laws to benefit all, not just few

California, unlike other Western states, grants unlimited free water to a few
senior rights holders and doesn't regulate ground water depletion. Our laws
should recognize water as a public commodity essential for the well-being of all
-- not an entitlement for special interests.

About 20 percent of our water is consumed by residential and commercial users.
High-value, uniquely California crops, such as, fruits, vegetables, nuts and
grapes use a modest 30 percent.

Nearly half of our water is used for nonessential, lower-value crops,
representing less than 0.25 percent of the state economy. In many cases they are
only profitable because of federal crop subsidies and cheap, unregulated,
subsidized water. Recently, alfalfa used 14 percent of our total water supply;
rice and cotton, 13 percent; irrigated pasture, 9 percent; corn, 6 percent; and
other field crops, 6 percent. Most of these crops are exported to Asia or fed to
cattle.

Changing our antiquated laws to provide fair and accountable access and pricing
would prevent a privileged few from squandering so much water for marginal
benefit.

Dan Morse

Livermore

70 years under the nuclear gun

Across the barren landscape winds blow clouds of atomic ash where buildings once
stood and people walked, played and prayed. Seventy years ago, death fell from
the sky -- twice, three days apart, on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.

Today, more than 16,000 nuclear weapons pose an intolerable threat to all
humanity. The threat is growing. America plans to spend a trillion dollars over
the next 30 years "modernizing" its nuclear arsenal. The human cost is
immeasurable. Nuclear weapons threaten our health and environment, prospects for
global peace and our confidence in human survival.

Janis Kate Turner

Livermore

Don't forget to recognize the city's pioneers

Let's have a huge shout-out for the good people of San Ramon. This city with two
ZIP codes has been in limbo for most of its existence. We have had a mayor take
off his shirt in a popular dinner. We've had City Council members act like
preschoolers who embarrassed the whole city. Our city manager's salary was in
the mid-six figures but was "worth every cent," according to our then-mayor.
Upscale cities to the north and south have class and distinction with upscale
dining, along with Traders Joe's. We have Mr. Pickles and Walmart.

After 40 years, when people ask me, "Where is San Ramon?" my answer is always,
"someplace between Alcosta and Crow Canyon." The city to the north has a parade
and car shows, our neighbor to the south has a fair and wine walks on main
street. The high school on homecoming is the only place to catch fireworks (the
onetime main attraction on the Fourth of July). Speaking of the high school, new
grandstands on the athletic field were added to accommodate the visiting team,
while the home stands had a "tuneup." Perhaps it's a metaphor for how things
have gone in our good city. Will that new bridge proposed over Bollinger Canyon
Road be called "the bridge to nowhere?"

I may have seemed a bit harsh, we have come a long way from five gas stations, a
liquor store, bar, pizza place, Chinese restaurant and a big store anchor on
Alcosta at the corner of Village Parkway. The odd-shaped high school on a
dead-end street has been replaced by a redoubtable building with test scores to
match. The business park may cause traffic problems but offers locals
good-paying jobs and keeps them close to home.

Diversity has not been totally embraced, xenophobia has been part of our life
for some years and teaches us how the world works. Prayer rugs in the park,
Mandarin, Spanish and Hindi are some of the languages we hear on our trails, in
our stores and in our schools. Professional people have come from around the
world to enhance this strong core community. I would hope that the new neighbors
who walk the trails, use the parks, shop the stores, would open up a bit more --
a wave or a smile would go a long way in helping the good people of two ZIP
codes who have shown a munificence of tolerance and understanding, and that
character counts and deserves a huge shout out.

I have gone way over my word limit, I would hope the good people at the
Tri-Valley Times would make allowances so that the pioneers of San Ramon can be
recognized.

Bill Chestnut

San Ramon

Protecting smelt is crazy amid drought

In California, we have two simultaneous problems: a drought and a water
shortage. They are not the same thing.

In the San Ramon Valley Times article, "Delta smelt's numbers register zero on
survey," it was mentioned that the smelt have been victims of "an invasion of
predatory species" (fish do eat fish!). The article alludes to the decline in
smelt as being evidence of a decline in the Delta's health. No data was offered
as to a decline in total fish. If the Delta is so unhealthy, how can there be so
many "predatory" fish? This is only proof that environments will always change!
Only the arrogance of government will ignore this fact and fight nature.

On the basis of the Delta smelt, Gov. Brown and the 'Endangered Species Act'
almost all of the Delta's abundant water must flow out to the ocean. Water that
has been used for homes and agriculture for generations! Environmentalists have
also prevented the building of new storage for generations. Dams are opposed as
they change streams.

Mark Fernwood

Danville

Lobbyist expose was a good start

Congratulations to BANG for the recent story on tracking votes from legislators
and the corrupting influence of money. Your article names the California
legislators and amount of money received from Big Tobacco to squelch controls on
e-cigarettes ("vaping" delivers nicotine, formaldehyde, etc.). This type of
reporting serves the public well and is necessary for informed voting in a
democracy.

Now can you expand the reporting of lobbyist money and resulting influence in
other areas such as: approval of developments, allocation of precious water
supplies, health care issues and especially funding (trillions of dollars) for
endless wars?

George Reid

Pleasanton

Careful what you wish for

Obama is looking to tighten gun laws. The proposal targets those who can't
manage their own affairs due to "marked subnormal intelligence, or mental
illness, incompetency, condition or disease." That would mean that no politician
could purchase a gun.

Rick Luciano

Danville

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       March 3, 2016 Thursday 1:06 PM GMT

Last two abortion providers in Louisiana see Texas as a cautionary tale;
As supreme court weighs Texas law that has closed more than half of the abortion
clinics, Louisiana faces reality of two doctors - and growing demand

BYLINE: Molly Redden

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 2220 words


The waiting room in the Delta Clinic in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, is crowded as
usual with women who are scheduled to have an abortion. But in a radical shift
from just one week before, the women, many of whom already traveled from hours
outside the city, may only get a consultation at Delta. For the abortion itself,
they now must drive another 80 miles to New Orleans - the only location in the
southern half of the state which is still providing abortions.

Related:  US supreme court justices spar over strictest abortion law in the
nation

Delta has been sending its patients on this trek for a week - ever since the
fifth circuit court of appeals put on hold a lower court ruling that would have
allowed the clinic to remain open.

The federal appeals court's ruling allowed a law to take effect that imposes a
requirement on physicians that only two out of six abortion providers in the
state can meet.

The law in Louisiana is among hundreds of new abortion restrictions that
abortion opponents have enacted since 2010. In the last five years, the measures
have helped shutter about a quarter of all US abortion providers.

On Wednesday, the US supreme court heard oral arguments in a challenge to the
most devastating of those laws, in abortion providers' eyes: a law in Texas that
has closed more than half of the state's 41 abortion clinics since it passed,
and that threatens to close all but 9 or 10 if fully enacted.

The outcome of that case, although it is separate from the lawsuit in Louisiana,
could have a heavy influence on how the fifth circuit will rule on Louisiana's
law if it chooses to hear an appeal. If the court hand a decisive win to the
abortion providers challenging Texas's law, it could stop Louisiana's measure in
its track. Anything less could give the fifth circuit leeway to uphold
Louisiana's law.

Abortion providers in Louisiana see Texas as a cautionary tale.

Two clinics, 940,000 women

In January, US district judge John deGravelles ruled the law unconstitutional.
But the fifth circuit decision puts deGravelles' ruling on hold while the state
of Louisiana appeals.

In the meantime, Louisiana is seeing what the reality would be with only two
abortion providers for some 940,000 women of reproductive age.

"It has been a tremendous hardship for our patients," said Sylvia Cochran, the
administrator at the Women's Health Care Center in New Orleans, one of the two
clinics that is still providing abortions. "We're already getting an influx of
women and it has already increased our wait times."

In the last week, the clinic has seen dozens of women from deep within the state
now that a provider in Baton Rouge is out of commission, she said. Almost all of
them belong to the working poor. To reach New Orleans, some are traveling four
hours in one direction.

The only other abortion clinic that is performing procedures is in Shreveport,
the far north corner of the state. That clinic, Hope Medical Group, is now faced
with taking on dozens of patients from a clinic that closed in nearby Bossier
City. "It is impossible for one to two physicians to provide services for all
the women in Louisiana in need of abortion care," said Kathaleen Pittman, the
administrator there.

The two clinics are struggling with not only the volume of new patients but with
a drop in capacity. Before the ruling, both clinics had two providers who
performed abortion. But only one doctor at each clinic has admitting privileges.

The two doctors performed less than half of all abortions in Louisiana in 2013.
To keep up, the provider in New Orleans has started performing surgeries every
day, up from twice a week. The provider in Shreveport - who has an active OB-GYN
practice delivering infants - was previously responsible for less than a third
of abortions taking place at Hope Medical Group. He is now the only provider
left in the northern half of the state.

"Just numbers-wise, it does not seem feasible that there would be enough
capacity to provide abortions for Louisiana women," said Ellie Schilling, a New
Orleans attorney who has represented several of the state's abortion providers.

For the two clinics the law has forced to suspend their operations, there is a
creeping fear that they will struggle to reopen. "They're paying rent but
they're not getting any revenue," said Schilling. "You can pay your employees a
little bit, but you can't keep doing that forever. It's true of any business:
the longer there's an interruption, the greater the chance that it will never
reopen."

Supporters of the law have argued that admitting privileges are necessary to
make abortion safer. Opponents counter that the procedure is already exceedingly
safe. They see the law as a gambit to shut clinics down, and in the course of
this lawsuit, they have mustered some proof. In an email sent to the law's main
sponsor, state Rep. Katrina Jackson, an executive at an anti-abortion advocacy
group noted that a similar measure passed in Texas had "tremendous success in
closing abortion clinics and restricting abortion access."

Related:  Quarter of US abortion clinics have closed over last five years,
report says

"Evidence received demonstrates the coordination among advocacy groups, Jackson,
and DHH employees regarding efforts to restrict abortion," deGravelles wrote in
his January opinion.

That same law in Texas has already strained Louisiana's abortion providers, some
of whom have seen a wave of abortion patients crossing state lines. From 2011 to
2014, when Texas's law went into effect, the number of patients traveling to
Hope Medical Group from Texas leapt from 15% to 23%. Add Mississippi, which has
only one abortion clinic, and Arkansas, and only 69% of Hope's abortion patients
actually live in Louisiana.

The distances are made trickier by the fact Louisiana also has a mandatory
counseling law. It requires patients to make an extra trip to the clinic, 24
hours before their procedure, to receive information designed to dissuade them.
Combined with the admitting privileges law, women are looking at extra travel
expenses and lost wages of up to several hundred, according to Sheila Katz, a
Houston public policy professor.

"That's what you have to understand, is that this is a regional problem," said
Schilling. "There's a swath of states now, where clinics have been forced to
close or they're only allowed to remain open now because of court orders. Texas,
Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama. Everybody's struggling to stay open as the
tidal wave of these laws spread. But at some point, you're just going to have a
situation where there are very few clinics over just thousands and thousands
miles."

Admitting privileges

Before Louisiana'a law took effec t requiring any physician performing abortions
to have admitting privileges at a hospital no more than 30 miles from the
clinic, five out of the state's six abortion providers made thirteen different
attempts to secure admitting privileges at nearby hospitals. Just two of those
attempts proved successful - and in one case, the judge, deGravelles found, the
privileges the doctor received, from Tulane Medical Center, don't meet the
standards of the new law.

The other eleven attempts are a case study in what makes admitting privileges so
difficult for abortion providers to obtain.

Admitting privileges - the ability to admit and treat patients - are generally
meant for doctors who treat patients in a hospital setting. Because abortion is
an outpatient procedure with a low complication rate - the American Medical
Association places the risk of a major incident between 0.05% and 0.2% -
abortion providers rarely meet a hospitals' particular requirements.

One hospital in Louisiana asked the abortion providers to submit 12 months'
worth of data on the patients that they had admitted and treated in a hospital
setting. "I'm in a Catch-22 basically," one of the doctors testified. "I can't
provide information I don't have." In two cases, doctors lived too far away from
the hospital to qualify.

The doctor at Shreveport has admitting privileges requiring him to admit at
least 50 patients to the hospital every year. He meets the requirement through
his OB-GYN delivery practice, but deGravelles acknowledged that none of the
other providers would be able to clear that hurdle.

The politics of abortion have also prevented doctors from receiving admitting
privileges. Several doctors struggled to get the necessary references from
hospital staff, they testified, because of fears about being associated with
abortion. The Family Medicine Department at University Health Hospital in
Shreveport told two doctors that it would not grant them admitting privileges
because of objections from its staff. Emails submitted to the court showed that
Tulane Medical Center planned to consult with its lobbyists before granting
admitting privileges.

One doctor previously worked at a hospital, deGravelles noted, until threatening
letters and "protests outside the hospital caused the hospital administration to
give him an ultimatum: quit performing abortions or resign from the hospital
staff".

Louisiana does not require hospitals to respond to these requests within a set
amount of time. The abortion providers still have ten pending applications for
admitting privileges, most of which are more than a year old.

Related:  It's not just Texas: abortion clinics are rapidly closing in liberal
states, too

DeGravelles held that by sitting on the applications, the hospitals were
essentially denying them.

"It is therefore impossible for these doctors, notwithstanding their best
efforts, to comply with the law," he wrote.

The ruling was a sharp rebuke of prevailing notions about the law in the
legislature. In their testimony before lawmakers, supporters claimed that
admitting privileges would function as a check on unscrupulous doctors, with one
witness saying hospitals denied or approved admitting privileges "based entirely
on [a doctor's] medical training and experience".

During the trial, a witness for the state denied that politics could influence
hospitals' decisionmaking. Robert Marier, who chairs the department of hospital
medicine at Ochsner Medical Center in New Orleans, testified that he didn't know
of any hospital that would refuse to extend admitting privileges just because an
applicant performed abortions.

"The Court finds his testimony on this point to be not credible and contradicted
by an abundance of evidence," deGravelles wrote. He added that Louisiana law
explicitly protects hospitals that discriminate against abortion providers.

Marier, the judge noted, was one of the physicians who helped draft the law.

'Fewer doctors to target'

Patients are not the only ones traveling distances to reach the only abortion
provider left in New Orleans.

Since the fifth circuit shut down all but two clinics in the state, the Women's
Health Care Center has noticed a bump in the number of protesters outside its
doors.

"The protesters are upping their game," said Amy Irvin, who runs the New Orleans
Abortion Fund, a nonprofit that helps women pay for their procedures. "They
sense a victory." In response to the uptick, the fund, which before provided
clinic escorts on an as-needed basis, is now providing regular volunteers to
shuttle women through the small but fierce battery of protesters. She said that
the clinic itself is planning to increase security measures.

Because of the hostile atmosphere toward abortion in the state, all six doctors
who provide abortions were allowed to testify anonymously in the admitting
privileges lawsuit. Even one of the hospitals that has given an abortion
provider admitting privileges was allowed to go unnamed.

The abortion provider at Hope Medical Group, the only one there with admitting
privileges, testified that if the law were allowed to take effect, the personal
risks posed by being the only abortion provider in all of northern Louisiana
would be too great, and he would quit.

"The threat of physical violence and protest does dramatically increase when
there are fewer doctors to target," Schilling said.

Hope Medical Group has been attacked by a protester who hurled a Molotov
cocktail, a man wielding a sledgehammer, and by a person who drilled a hole
through the wall of the clinic in order to pour foul-smelling butyric acid into
the building. The doctor himself has has faced protests at his private practice.
Police patrol his neighborhood, and on a few occasions, he has felt the need to
ask police to enter his house and make sure it was safe.

"All [they] have to do is eliminate me as they have Dr. Tiller," the doctor
testified at trial, referring to George Tiller, a Kansas abortion provider who
was shot and killed by an anti-abortion extremist in 2009.

Because of his vow to quit, Louisiana's admitting privileges law could
ultimately shut down all but one provider in the state, in New Orleans.

Irvin says it would be a public health disaster.

"We're already seeing women from across the Gulf Coast struggle to get here,"
she said. "The women we hear from on the phone are arranging childcare, tapping
into meager savings, pawning things, talking to friends, family, putting off
paying bills and buying groceries."

"It's these experiences that often get lost," Irvin continued. "If there's only
one provider in the state, it's hard to say what all those women will do."

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 21, 2015 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Business School Honors Outstanding Students and Alumni

LENGTH: 624  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Duquesne University, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following News
release:

At its Second Century Dinner on April 9, Duquesne University's Palumbo-Donahue
School of Business recognized outstanding students and alumni.

Honorees were:

Harry W. Witt, 2015 Distinguished Alumnus

Witt was responsible for strategic planning, leadership development and team
building, as well as client satisfaction and integration for Deloitte & Touche
before he retired in 2002 as a senior partner. A member of the board of
directors for 13 years, he chaired the Partner Retirement Committee for a
decade, among other responsibilities. Throughout his career, he held numerous
positions in the firm, which he joined after graduating from Duquesne in 1962.
Witt also has been active in civic groups, particularly those serving
underprivileged youth, such as the United Way, the YMCA, Outward Bound and other
organizations. He currently is active in Hope for Haiti, which supports the
construction of homes and village wells, and The Order of Malta, a lay religious
order of the Catholic church. In 2015, Witt funded the Harry W. Witt Faculty
Fellowship at Duquesne's Palumbo-Donahue School of Business. The fellowship is
open to faculty in any disciplinary area and is one of three new named positions
recently established in the school.

Emilie M. Ray, 2015 Young Alumni Achievement Honoree

President of McKesson Pharmacy Systems and Automation, Ray has more than 14
years of experience in the healthcare technology industry, working in hospital
and retail pharmacy sectors. At McKesson Pharmacy Systems and Automation, Ray
has served in critical leadership roles, most recently as vice president of the
company's outpatient segment. She also had served as an analyst with Deloitte
Consulting. She is a resident of Cranberry Township.

Alex Will, 2015 Dominion Distinguished Scholar

Will, an Honors College student, will receive dual degrees in accounting and
finance in May. While at Duquesne, he has served as president of the Student
Accounting Association and vice president and treasurer of the Student Executive
Committee. He was initiated into Delta Sigma Pi, the professional business
society, in 2012. A resident of New Baltimore, Somerset County, Will has
accepted an audit staff position at Pricewaterhouse Coopers and will sit for the
CPA exam this summer.

The award, presented to a graduating senior from the School of Business who best
exemplifies the qualities of intellect, character and business insight, has been
sponsored by Dominion since 1992.

Tyler C. Montabon, 2015 James J. Byrne Award for Responsible Leadership

Montabon handles some of Cigna Group Insurance's largest accounts as a senior
associate claims manager and has been recognized as a Change Champion and
Veterans Work Stream supporter. He will complete his MBA at Duquesne this fall
and is a member of the Alpha Chi Honorary Society, which recognizes achievements
in scholarship, he also is a member of the international Honor Society of Beta
Gamma Sigma; which recognizes business excellence. Montabon, a resident of
Shaler Township, has extended his community service to varied organization such
as his church, animal rescue efforts, the St. Vincent de Paul Society and the
March of Dimes.

Since 2012, the Byrne Award has been presented to a part-time MBA student at
Duquesne who demonstrates a commitment to contributing to business and society
through community service, excellent citizenship and leadership, and academic
credentials. Byrne, former executive director of The Beard Institute at
Duquesne, also had served for 20 years on the Lennox International board.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 20, 2015 Monday

Pennsylvania: Business School Honors Outstanding Students and Alumni

LENGTH: 624  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Duquesne University, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following News
release:

At its Second Century Dinner on April 9, Duquesne University's Palumbo-Donahue
School of Business recognized outstanding students and alumni.

Honorees were:

Harry W. Witt, 2015 Distinguished Alumnus

Witt was responsible for strategic planning, leadership development and team
building, as well as client satisfaction and integration for Deloitte & Touche
before he retired in 2002 as a senior partner. A member of the board of
directors for 13 years, he chaired the Partner Retirement Committee for a
decade, among other responsibilities. Throughout his career, he held numerous
positions in the firm, which he joined after graduating from Duquesne in 1962.
Witt also has been active in civic groups, particularly those serving
underprivileged youth, such as the United Way, the YMCA, Outward Bound and other
organizations. He currently is active in Hope for Haiti, which supports the
construction of homes and village wells, and The Order of Malta, a lay religious
order of the Catholic church. In 2015, Witt funded the Harry W. Witt Faculty
Fellowship at Duquesne's Palumbo-Donahue School of Business. The fellowship is
open to faculty in any disciplinary area and is one of three new named positions
recently established in the school.

Emilie M. Ray, 2015 Young Alumni Achievement Honoree

President of McKesson Pharmacy Systems and Automation, Ray has more than 14
years of experience in the healthcare technology industry, working in hospital
and retail pharmacy sectors. At McKesson Pharmacy Systems and Automation, Ray
has served in critical leadership roles, most recently as vice president of the
company's outpatient segment. She also had served as an analyst with Deloitte
Consulting. She is a resident of Cranberry Township.

Alex Will, 2015 Dominion Distinguished Scholar

Will, an Honors College student, will receive dual degrees in accounting and
finance in May. While at Duquesne, he has served as president of the Student
Accounting Association and vice president and treasurer of the Student Executive
Committee. He was initiated into Delta Sigma Pi, the professional business
society, in 2012. A resident of New Baltimore, Somerset County, Will has
accepted an audit staff position at Pricewaterhouse Coopers and will sit for the
CPA exam this summer.

The award, presented to a graduating senior from the School of Business who best
exemplifies the qualities of intellect, character and business insight, has been
sponsored by Dominion since 1992.

Tyler C. Montabon, 2015 James J. Byrne Award for Responsible Leadership

Montabon handles some of Cigna Group Insurance's largest accounts as a senior
associate claims manager and has been recognized as a Change Champion and
Veterans Work Stream supporter. He will complete his MBA at Duquesne this fall
and is a member of the Alpha Chi Honorary Society, which recognizes achievements
in scholarship, he also is a member of the international Honor Society of Beta
Gamma Sigma; which recognizes business excellence. Montabon, a resident of
Shaler Township, has extended his community service to varied organization such
as his church, animal rescue efforts, the St. Vincent de Paul Society and the
March of Dimes.

Since 2012, the Byrne Award has been presented to a part-time MBA student at
Duquesne who demonstrates a commitment to contributing to business and society
through community service, excellent citizenship and leadership, and academic
credentials. Byrne, former executive director of The Beard Institute at
Duquesne, also had served for 20 years on the Lennox International board.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       March 3, 2016 Thursday 3:18 PM GMT

Last two abortion providers in Louisiana see Texas as a cautionary tale;
As supreme court weighs Texas law that has closed more than half of the abortion
clinics, Louisiana faces reality of two doctors - and growing demand

BYLINE: Molly Redden

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 2220 words


The waiting room in the Delta Clinic in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, is crowded as
usual with women who are scheduled to have an abortion. But in a radical shift
from just one week before, the women, many of whom already traveled from hours
outside the city, may only get a consultation at Delta. For the abortion itself,
they now must drive another 80 miles to New Orleans - the only location in the
southern half of the state which is still providing abortions.

Related:  US supreme court justices spar over strictest abortion law in the
nation

Delta has been sending its patients on this trek for a week - ever since the
fifth circuit court of appeals put on hold a lower court ruling that would have
allowed the clinic to remain open.

The federal appeals court's ruling allowed a law to take effect that imposes a
requirement on physicians that only two out of six abortion providers in the
state can meet.

The law in Louisiana is among hundreds of new abortion restrictions that
abortion opponents have enacted since 2010. In the past five years, the measures
have helped shutter about a quarter of all US abortion providers.

On Wednesday, the US supreme court heard oral arguments in a challenge to the
most devastating of those laws, in abortion providers' eyes: a law in Texas that
has closed more than half of the state's 41 abortion clinics since it passed,
and that threatens to close all but nine or 10 if fully enacted.

The outcome of that case, although it is separate from the lawsuit in Louisiana,
could have a heavy influence on how the fifth circuit will rule on Louisiana's
law if it chooses to hear an appeal. If the court hands a decisive win to the
abortion providers challenging Texas's law, it could stop Louisiana's measure in
its tracks. Anything less could give the fifth circuit leeway to uphold
Louisiana's law.

Abortion providers in Louisiana see Texas as a cautionary tale.

Two clinics, 940,000 women

In January, US district judge John deGravelles ruled the law unconstitutional.
But the fifth circuit decision puts deGravelles' ruling on hold while the state
of Louisiana appeals.

In the meantime, Louisiana is seeing what the reality would be with only two
abortion providers for some 940,000 women of reproductive age.

"It has been a tremendous hardship for our patients," said Sylvia Cochran, the
administrator at the Women's Health Care Center in New Orleans, one of the two
clinics that is still providing abortions. "We're already getting an influx of
women and it has already increased our wait times."

In the last week, the clinic has seen dozens of women from deep within the state
now that a provider in Baton Rouge is out of commission, she said. Almost all of
them belong to the working poor. To reach New Orleans, some are traveling four
hours each way.

The only other abortion clinic that is performing procedures is in Shreveport,
in the far north-western corner of the state. That clinic, Hope Medical Group,
is now faced with taking on dozens of patients from a clinic that closed in
nearby Bossier City. "It is impossible for one to two physicians to provide
services for all the women in Louisiana in need of abortion care," said
Kathaleen Pittman, the administrator there.

The two clinics are struggling with not only the volume of new patients but also
a drop in capacity. Before the ruling, both clinics had two providers who
performed abortion. But only one doctor at each clinic has admitting privileges.

The two doctors performed less than half of all abortions in Louisiana in 2013.
To keep up, the provider in New Orleans has started performing surgeries every
day, up from twice a week. The provider in Shreveport, who has an active OB-GYN
practice delivering infants, was previously responsible for less than a third of
abortions taking place at Hope Medical Group. He is now the only provider left
in the northern half of the state.

"Just numbers-wise, it does not seem feasible that there would be enough
capacity to provide abortions for Louisiana women," said Ellie Schilling, a New
Orleans attorney who has represented several of the state's abortion providers.

For the two clinics the law has forced to suspend their operations, there is a
creeping fear that they will struggle to reopen. "They're paying rent but
they're not getting any revenue," said Schilling. "You can pay your employees a
little bit, but you can't keep doing that forever. It's true of any business:
the longer there's an interruption, the greater the chance that it will never
reopen."

Supporters of the law have argued that admitting privileges are necessary to
make abortion safer. Opponents counter that the procedure is already exceedingly
safe. They see the law as a gambit to shut clinics down, and in the course of
this lawsuit, they have mustered some proof. In an email sent to the law's main
sponsor, state representative Katrina Jackson, an executive at an anti-abortion
advocacy group, noted that a similar measure passed in Texas had "tremendous
success in closing abortion clinics and restricting abortion access".

Related:  Quarter of US abortion clinics have closed over last five years,
report says

"Evidence received demonstrates the coordination among advocacy groups, Jackson,
and DHH employees regarding efforts to restrict abortion," deGravelles wrote in
his January opinion.

That same law in Texas has already strained Louisiana's abortion providers, some
of whom have seen a wave of abortion patients crossing state lines. From 2011 to
2014, when Texas's law went into effect, the number of patients traveling to
Hope Medical Group from Texas leapt from 15% to 23%. Add Mississippi, which has
only one abortion clinic, and Arkansas, and only 69% of Hope's abortion patients
actually live in Louisiana.

The distances are made trickier by the fact Louisiana also has a mandatory
counseling law. It requires patients to make an extra trip to the clinic, 24
hours before their procedure, to receive information designed to dissuade them.
Combined with the admitting privileges law, women are looking at extra travel
expenses and lost wages of up to several hundred, according to Sheila Katz, a
Houston public policy professor.

"That's what you have to understand, is that this is a regional problem," said
Schilling. "There's a swath of states now, where clinics have been forced to
close or they're only allowed to remain open now because of court orders. Texas,
Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama. Everybody's struggling to stay open as the
tidal wave of these laws spread. But at some point, you're just going to have a
situation where there are very few clinics over just thousands and thousands
miles."

Admitting privileges

Before Louisiana's law took effec t requiring any physician performing abortions
to have admitting privileges at a hospital no more than 30 miles from the
clinic, five out of the state's six abortion providers made 13 different
attempts to secure admitting privileges at nearby hospitals. Just two of those
attempts proved successful - and in one case, Judge DeGravelles found that the
privileges the doctor received, from Tulane Medical Center, don't meet the
standards of the new law.

The other 11 attempts are a case study in what makes admitting privileges so
difficult for abortion providers to obtain.

Admitting privileges - the ability to admit and treat patients - are generally
meant for doctors who treat patients in a hospital setting. Because abortion is
an outpatient procedure with a low complication rate - the American Medical
Association places the risk of a major incident between 0.05% and 0.2% -
abortion providers rarely meet a hospitals' particular requirements.

One hospital in Louisiana asked the abortion providers to submit 12 months'
worth of data on the patients that they had admitted and treated in a hospital
setting. "I'm in a catch-22 basically," one of the doctors testified. "I can't
provide information I don't have." In two cases, doctors lived too far away from
the hospital to qualify.

The doctor at Shreveport has admitting privileges requiring him to admit at
least 50 patients to the hospital every year. He meets the requirement through
his OB-GYN delivery practice, but deGravelles acknowledged that none of the
other providers would be able to clear that hurdle.

The politics of abortion have also prevented doctors from receiving admitting
privileges. Several doctors struggled to get the necessary references from
hospital staff, they testified, because of fears about being associated with
abortion. The Family Medicine Department at University Health Hospital in
Shreveport told two doctors that it would not grant them admitting privileges
because of objections from its staff. Emails submitted to the court showed that
Tulane Medical Center planned to consult with its lobbyists before granting
admitting privileges.

One doctor previously worked at a hospital, DeGravelles noted, until threatening
letters and "protests outside the hospital caused the hospital administration to
give him an ultimatum: quit performing abortions or resign from the hospital
staff".

Louisiana does not require hospitals to respond to these requests within a set
amount of time. The abortion providers still have ten pending applications for
admitting privileges, most of which are more than a year old.

Related:  It's not just Texas: abortion clinics are rapidly closing in liberal
states, too

DeGravelles held that by sitting on the applications, the hospitals were
essentially denying them.

"It is therefore impossible for these doctors, notwithstanding their best
efforts, to comply with the law," he wrote.

The ruling was a sharp rebuke of prevailing notions about the law in the
legislature. In their testimony before lawmakers, supporters claimed that
admitting privileges would function as a check on unscrupulous doctors, with one
witness saying hospitals denied or approved admitting privileges "based entirely
on [a doctor's] medical training and experience".

During the trial, a witness for the state denied that politics could influence
hospitals' decisionmaking. Robert Marier, who chairs the department of hospital
medicine at Ochsner Medical Center in New Orleans, testified that he didn't know
of any hospital that would refuse to extend admitting privileges just because an
applicant performed abortions.

"The Court finds his testimony on this point to be not credible and contradicted
by an abundance of evidence," deGravelles wrote. He added that Louisiana law
explicitly protects hospitals that discriminate against abortion providers.

Marier, the judge noted, was one of the physicians who helped draft the law.

'Fewer doctors to target'

Patients are not the only ones traveling distances to reach the only abortion
provider left in New Orleans.

Since the fifth circuit shut down all but two clinics in the state, the Women's
Health Care Center has noticed a bump in the number of protesters outside its
doors.

"The protesters are upping their game," said Amy Irvin, who runs the New Orleans
Abortion Fund, a nonprofit that helps women pay for their procedures. "They
sense a victory." In response to the uptick, the fund, which before provided
clinic escorts on an as-needed basis, is now providing regular volunteers to
shuttle women through the small but fierce battery of protesters. She said that
the clinic itself is planning to increase security measures.

Because of the hostile atmosphere toward abortion in the state, all six doctors
who provide abortions were allowed to testify anonymously in the admitting
privileges lawsuit. Even one of the hospitals that has given an abortion
provider admitting privileges was allowed to go unnamed.

The abortion provider at Hope Medical Group, the only one there with admitting
privileges, testified that if the law were allowed to take effect, the personal
risks posed by being the only abortion provider in all of northern Louisiana
would be too great, and he would quit.

"The threat of physical violence and protest does dramatically increase when
there are fewer doctors to target," Schilling said.

Hope Medical Group has been attacked by a protester who hurled a Molotov
cocktail, a man wielding a sledgehammer, and by a person who drilled a hole
through the wall of the clinic in order to pour foul-smelling butyric acid into
the building. The doctor himself has has faced protests at his private practice.
Police patrol his neighborhood, and on a few occasions, he has felt the need to
ask police to enter his house and make sure it was safe.

"All [they] have to do is eliminate me as they have Dr. Tiller," the doctor
testified at trial, referring to George Tiller, a Kansas abortion provider who
was shot and killed by an anti-abortion extremist in 2009.

Because of his vow to quit, Louisiana's admitting privileges law could
ultimately shut down all but one provider in the state, in New Orleans.

Irvin says it would be a public health disaster.

"We're already seeing women from across the Gulf Coast struggle to get here,"
she said. "The women we hear from on the phone are arranging childcare, tapping
into meager savings, pawning things, talking to friends, family, putting off
paying bills and buying groceries."

"It's these experiences that often get lost," Irvin continued. "If there's only
one provider in the state, it's hard to say what all those women will do."

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 14, 2008 Monday
                                  City Edition

NEWS QUIZ

SECTION: NEWS; From the newsroom 2U: Highlights from The Oklahoman's blogs; Pg.
2A

LENGTH: 820 words


How much attention have you been paying to the news in the past week or so? Test
your knowledge of recent events with this quiz, compiled by The Oklahoman's news
copy editors and designers:

1. Oklahoma native Tracy Letts won a Pulitzer for what play?

a) "June: Tulsa County."

b) "July: Bryan County."

c) "August: Osage County."

2. Healdton has owned its cable service since 2001. What has been the result?

a) The service is losing money and town officials are looking for a buyer.

b) All 1,200 households in the area subscribed to the successful service.

c) About half the households are subscribing, and the service has broken even.

3. Former Oklahoma basketball player Stacey Dales has retired from the WNBA to
focus on sportscasting duties at ESPN. What team did she retire from?

a) Houston Comets.

b) Seattle Storm.

c) Chicago Sky.

4. What will former Oklahoma State basketball coach Sean Sutton receive as part
of a settlement with the university?

a) A bill for remaining years on his contract.

b) $2.7 million.

c) A letter of recommendation and free orange T-shirts for life.

5. State Rep. Paul Wesselhoft recommended what name if the NBA's Seattle
SuperSonics move to Oklahoma City?

a) Oklahoma Fat Cats.

b) Oklahoma SuperDuperSonics.

c) Oklahoma City Aviators.

6. What cell phone company, which is adding service to the Oklahoma City metro
area, claims that 60 percent of its customers make less than $30,000 per year?

a) Millipede Mobile.

b) Cricket Communications.

c) Spider Services.

7. U.S. Rep. Mary Fallin hosted a dinner for seniors from the fire-damaged Jones
High School. Where was it held?

a) The school's new cafeteria, which was completed in only four months.

b) Superintendent Mike Steele's back yard.

c) Toby Keith's I Love This Bar and Grill in Bricktown.

8. Why is Martin Vosseler of Switzerland walking across the United States?

a) To encourage climate protection.

b) To endorse a new sneaker.

c) To pay off a soccer bet.

9. Oklahoma City is considering spending $5.2 million in upgrades to attract
what professional sport?

a) Rodeo.

b) Tennis.

c) Alligator wrestling.

10. Under Senate Bill 1878, health care providers would have the right to do
what?

a) Refuse to participate in abortions.

b) Sell customer accounts to other providers.

c) Seek government subsidies for covering pre-existing conditions.

11. Where was the closing ceremony of the Olympics relay in San Francisco held?

a) Chinatown.

b) The Golden Gate Bridge.

c) San Francisco International Airport.

12. Why did residents in western Oklahoma welcome heavy rainfall?

a) The area has spent weeks fighting wildfires.

b) Wind-blown dirt needed to be washed off the roads.

c) A manufacturer locating there wanted to test a new type of raincoat.

13. What did Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett say he advocates for the city as
part of MAPS 3?

a) A North Pole exhibit at the zoo featuring polar bears and penguins.

b) A light rail system serving downtown and tourists.

c) A subway linking downtown with the state Capitol, Edmond and Norman.

14. Sooner Blake Griffin is not the first OU basketball player to consider
jumping to the NBA and decide instead to stay in college. Who did so in 1984?

a) Tommy Tubbs.

b) Mookie Blaylock.

c) Wayman Tisdale.

15. Pilots for what airline were granted permits to picket crew bases of
Northwest Airlines in a dispute over seniority if the two companies merge?

a) TWA.

b) Delta.

c) Braniff.

16. A doctor used what unexpected treatment successfully on hepatitis C
patients?

a) Formulated time-release capsules containing an ancient Chinese herb.

b) Prescribed a drug commonly used to treat cholesterol.

c) Cross-infected them with hepatitis A and B.

17. Why is high school senior Tomas "Duffy" Duffek, who is Rock Creek's pitcher
of the year, ineligible to play baseball this season?

a) Parents demanded that he be benched because he was just too good.

b) Despite playing for Rock Creek last year, he is considered a transfer
student, and is therefore ineligible.

c) Once you're named pitcher of the year, you have to sit out one season.

18. The Rev. Anthony B. Taylor, a local Catholic priest, soon will leave for
Arkansas. What will his new job be?

a) Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Little Rock.

b) Proprietor of a bed and breakfast in Eureka Springs.

c) A top executive for Wal-Mart in Bentonville.

19. China reversed a decision to reopen Tibet to foreign tourists. Why?

a) The torch relay needs a safe passage up Mount Everest.

b) The region was hit by flooding and it's no longer safe.

c) Tibetans don't speak any other language and the only translators are in
Beijing.

20. The former Lucent Technologies plant is being considered for what use?

a) Making telephone switching equipment.

b) Data processing.

c) Production of railway freight cars.

How did you do?

Answers: 1-C; 2-A; 3-C; 4-B; 5-C; 6-B; 7-C; 8-A; 9-B; 10-A; 11-C; 12-A; 13-B;
14-C; 15-B; 16-B; 17-B; 18-A; 19-A; 20-B.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: (Tracy Letts)
Photo 2: (Sean Sutton)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday

Tri-Valley letters: Fix state's water laws to benefit all, not just few

BYLINE: Valley Journal/Times-Herald

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Letters; Contra Costa; News; Local; Opinion

LENGTH: 1063 words


Fix state's water laws to benefit all, not just few

California, unlike other Western states, grants unlimited free water to a few
senior rights holders and doesn't regulate ground water depletion. Our laws
should recognize water as a public commodity essential for the well-being of all
-- not an entitlement for special interests.

About 20 percent of our water is consumed by residential and commercial users.
High-value, uniquely California crops, such as, fruits, vegetables, nuts and
grapes use a modest 30 percent.

Nearly half of our water is used for nonessential, lower-value crops,
representing less than 0.25 percent of the state economy. In many cases they are
only profitable because of federal crop subsidies and cheap, unregulated,
subsidized water. Recently, alfalfa used 14 percent of our total water supply;
rice and cotton, 13 percent; irrigated pasture, 9 percent; corn, 6 percent; and
other field crops, 6 percent. Most of these crops are exported to Asia or fed to
cattle.

Changing our antiquated laws to provide fair and accountable access and pricing
would prevent a privileged few from squandering so much water for marginal
benefit.

Dan Morse

Livermore

70 years under the nuclear gun

Across the barren landscape winds blow clouds of atomic ash where buildings once
stood and people walked, played and prayed. Seventy years ago, death fell from
the sky -- twice, three days apart, on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.

Today, more than 16,000 nuclear weapons pose an intolerable threat to all
humanity. The threat is growing. America plans to spend a trillion dollars over
the next 30 years "modernizing" its nuclear arsenal. The human cost is
immeasurable. Nuclear weapons threaten our health and environment, prospects for
global peace and our confidence in human survival.

Janis Kate Turner

Livermore

Don't forget to recognize the city's pioneers

Let's have a huge shout-out for the good people of San Ramon. This city with two
ZIP codes has been in limbo for most of its existence. We have had a mayor take
off his shirt in a popular dinner. We've had City Council members act like
preschoolers who embarrassed the whole city. Our city manager's salary was in
the mid-six figures but was "worth every cent," according to our then-mayor.
Upscale cities to the north and south have class and distinction with upscale
dining, along with Traders Joe's. We have Mr. Pickles and Walmart.

After 40 years, when people ask me, "Where is San Ramon?" my answer is always,
"someplace between Alcosta and Crow Canyon." The city to the north has a parade
and car shows, our neighbor to the south has a fair and wine walks on main
street. The high school on homecoming is the only place to catch fireworks (the
onetime main attraction on the Fourth of July). Speaking of the high school, new
grandstands on the athletic field were added to accommodate the visiting team,
while the home stands had a "tuneup." Perhaps it's a metaphor for how things
have gone in our good city. Will that new bridge proposed over Bollinger Canyon
Road be called "the bridge to nowhere?"

I may have seemed a bit harsh, we have come a long way from five gas stations, a
liquor store, bar, pizza place, Chinese restaurant and a big store anchor on
Alcosta at the corner of Village Parkway. The odd-shaped high school on a
dead-end street has been replaced by a redoubtable building with test scores to
match. The business park may cause traffic problems but offers locals
good-paying jobs and keeps them close to home.

Diversity has not been totally embraced, xenophobia has been part of our life
for some years and teaches us how the world works. Prayer rugs in the park,
Mandarin, Spanish and Hindi are some of the languages we hear on our trails, in
our stores and in our schools. Professional people have come from around the
world to enhance this strong core community. I would hope that the new neighbors
who walk the trails, use the parks, shop the stores, would open up a bit more --
a wave or a smile would go a long way in helping the good people of two ZIP
codes who have shown a munificence of tolerance and understanding, and that
character counts and deserves a huge shout out.

I have gone way over my word limit, I would hope the good people at the
Tri-Valley Times would make allowances so that the pioneers of San Ramon can be
recognized.

Bill Chestnut

San Ramon

Protecting smelt is crazy amid drought

In California, we have two simultaneous problems: a drought and a water
shortage. They are not the same thing.

In the San Ramon Valley Times article, "Delta smelt's numbers register zero on
survey," it was mentioned that the smelt have been victims of "an invasion of
predatory species" (fish do eat fish!). The article alludes to the decline in
smelt as being evidence of a decline in the Delta's health. No data was offered
as to a decline in total fish. If the Delta is so unhealthy, how can there be so
many "predatory" fish? This is only proof that environments will always change!
Only the arrogance of government will ignore this fact and fight nature.

On the basis of the Delta smelt, Gov. Brown and the 'Endangered Species Act'
almost all of the Delta's abundant water must flow out to the ocean. Water that
has been used for homes and agriculture for generations! Environmentalists have
also prevented the building of new storage for generations. Dams are opposed as
they change streams.

Mark Fernwood

Danville

Lobbyist expose was a good start

Congratulations to BANG for the recent story on tracking votes from legislators
and the corrupting influence of money. Your article names the California
legislators and amount of money received from Big Tobacco to squelch controls on
e-cigarettes ("vaping" delivers nicotine, formaldehyde, etc.). This type of
reporting serves the public well and is necessary for informed voting in a
democracy.

Now can you expand the reporting of lobbyist money and resulting influence in
other areas such as: approval of developments, allocation of precious water
supplies, health care issues and especially funding (trillions of dollars) for
endless wars?

George Reid

Pleasanton

Careful what you wish for

Obama is looking to tighten gun laws. The proposal targets those who can't
manage their own affairs due to "marked subnormal intelligence, or mental
illness, incompetency, condition or disease." That would mean that no politician
could purchase a gun.

Rick Luciano

Danville

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               July 28, 1999, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Richard L. Jones, first principal of Boca Ciega High

BYLINE: ROMAINE KOSHARSKY; CRAIG BASSE

SECTION: CITY & STATE; OBITUARIES; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 463 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



He also served as director of field services for the Florida High School
Activities Association.

Richard L. "Dick" Jones Sr., the first principal of Boca Ciega High School, has
died at age 87.

Mr. Jones, an educator here for 32 years and a former director of field services
for the Florida High School Activities Association, died Sunday (July 25, 1999)
at a nursing home in Columbia, Tenn.

He had moved in April to Columbia, the hometown of a daughter, after about 18
months in Pinellas County assisted living facilities. He died after a long
illness, his family said Tuesday.

A former principal of Disston Junior High School and a former teacher and
football coach at St. Petersburg High School, Mr. Jones was on hand to welcome
students and faculty members when Boca Ciega High opened in 1953 on swampy,
palmetto-covered scrubland on 58th Street S. It was the county's first new high
school in 26 years.

Retiring from Boca Ciega in 1968, he joined the Gainesville headquarters of the
FHSAA, the agency that oversees high school athletics. He later was executive
secretary of High School Student Councils and the Florida chapter of the
National Honor Society.

At Pasadena Community Church, Mr. Jones was the church's administrator from 1971
to 1978. He was chairman of the personnel committee, an usher in the sanctuary
and a Sunday school teacher.

The son of Welsh immigrants, Richard Lloyd Jones was born in Uniontown, Pa. He
received an undergraduate degree from Geneva College, Beaver Falls, Pa. He
attended on a football scholarship and was chosen for a Little All American
team.

He received a master's degree in education from the University of Pittsburgh.

Mr. Jones was a past president of Pinellas County Secondary School
Administrators and a former district director of the Florida Education
Association. He was active with the South Pinellas Retired Teachers Association.

He was a Mason, a member of Phi Delta Kappa and a charter member of the Boca
Ciega Kiwanis Club, where he was its 1961 president.

Survivors include his wife of 61 years, Janet L.; a son, Richard Jr., St.
Petersburg; a daughter, Carol J. Duvall, Columbia; two sisters, Sarah Pool,
Winter Park, and Blodwen Lipofsky, Wilton, Conn.; six grandchildren; and two
great-grandchildren.

Friends may call from 2 to 4 p.m. and from 7 to 9 p.m. Thursday at the Woodlawn
Chapel of Blount, Curry & Roel Funeral Homes & Cemeteries, 200 Pasadena Ave. S.
A funeral will be at 10 a.m. Friday at Pasadena Community Church, 112 70th Ave.
S.

The family suggests memorial contributions to the church building fund or Boca
Ciega Kiwanis Club, Charitable Foundation, c/o Richard Hitt, 2742 Vina Del Mar,
St. Petersburg, FL 33706.

- Information from Times files was used in this obituary.


LOAD-DATE: July 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Richard L. "Dick" Jones

TYPE: OBITUARY

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             June 14, 2011 Tuesday

Mildred Ebertz

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 435 words


JAMESTOWN - After fighting a courageous and lengthy battle against lung disease,
Mildred "Millie" Rose Ebertz, 88, passed away on June 10, 2011, at St. Alexius
Medical Center, Bismarck. Eucharist of Christian burial will be held at 2 p.m.
Wednesday, June 15, at St. James Basilica, Jamestown. Interment will be at
Calvary Cemetery, Jamestown.

Visitation will be held from 1 to 6:30 p.m. today and 9 a.m. to noon Wednesday
at Williams-Lisko Funeral Chapel, Jamestown, where a rosary service will be held
at 6:30 p.m. today, followed by a prayer service at 7 p.m.

Millie was born Jan. 18, 1923, in Colby, Kan., to Leslie F. and Grace Rich Rice.
They later moved to Great Falls, Mont., then on to Sherwood and ultimately,
Velva, where her father was superintendent of schools. Millie attended Minot
Normal (Teachers) College for a short time and then attended Jamestown College,
where her father was a professor. She interned in medical technology at Bryan
LGH, Lincoln, Neb., and then worked at St. Luke's Hospital and Fargo Clinic lab
for a year before returning to Jamestown to finish her degree in medical
technology in 1948. She continued to work at Jamestown Clinic and Jamestown
Hospital for a number of years until staying home to raise their children.

Millie met Joe, her husband of 62 years, at his family's restaurant, Ebertz
Cafe. They married in Jamestown on Nov. 26, 1949. Through the years, she raised
four successful children, later returning to Jamestown College to receive her
education degree. She taught eighth-grade earth science for 27 years at
Jamestown High School. Millie was a member of St. James Basilica Tabernacle
Society, an active member of the Lady of Lourdes Circle, belonged to Delta Kappa
Gamma, the Stutsman County Retired Teachers Association and a board member of
FACE Foundation. She was a kind, gracious, inspirational women who believed
there are no regrets from mistakes made in life, only opportunities to learn
from them.

She was a lifelong Bridge player, loved to read and thoroughly enjoyed
traveling. She particularly enjoyed spending time with family and celebrating as
many family events as possible.

She is survived by her husband, Joseph; four children, MaryAnne (Lyle) Grove,
Jamestown, Jane Redlinger, Minneapolis, Dr. Mark Ebertz, Bismarck, and Steve
(Patricia) Ebertz, St. Paul; five grandchildren, Melissa, Erica, Jim, Katie and
Ross; and one great-grandson, Grant.

She was preceded in death by her parents; two sisters; and two brothers.

Memorials may be sent to F.A.C.E, P.O. Box 1432, Jamestown, N.D. 58402-1432.

Sign the online guest book at www.williamslisko.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                             March 19, 2000, Sunday

SCHALAMAR CREEK SINGERS RAISE MONEY FOR AREA ORGANIZATIONS; POTPOURRI

BYLINE: LORRAINE VALERINO The Ledger and YVONNE McSHAY The Ledger

SECTION: Life; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 1310 words


Seniors involved with the Schalamar Creek Singers, residents from the Schalamar
Creek Golf and Country Club, enjoy doing more than singing a few songs for
enjoyment. The Charitable Donations Committee recently donated money to area
organizations following the Gospel Homecoming Jubilee.

The Children's Home Society, Good Shepherd Hospice of Mid Florida, Help the
Handicapped and the Mary Sand Clinic each received a $ 200 donation following
the event that featured Joyous Sounds, The Expectations, The Heavenairs and the
Herndon-Jonsnson Family Singers, according to Travis Jones of the Schalamar
Creek Singers Chatable Donations Committee.

"An additional $ 50 each was donated to the artists performing for their music
ministries, bringing our total donations to $ 1,000," said Jones.

Accepting on behalf of their organizations were Tom Snyder of the Children's
Home Society, Nancy Hawkins of Good Shepherd Hospice, Janice Ellis of the Mary
Sand Clinic, and Cheri and George Boedicker of Help the Handicapped.

"The Schalamar Creek Singers perform volunteer programs at nursing homes,
schools, hospitals, assisted living facilities and -- for a nominal charge -- at
retirement parks and organizations during programs from October-May," said
Jones. For more information, call director Margi Weygand at 665-3072.

CLUB HISPANO DE LAKELAND

Congratulations to the three scholarship winners who were recently honored by
The Club Hispano de Lakeland during the group's annual banquet March 12 at the
Holiday Inn, Lakeland.

The honorees are Alex Taranoff, a senior at Kathleen High School who volunteers
for Big Brothers/Big Sisters; and Kilah Figueroa and Veronica Tello, seniors at
Lake Wales High School who volunteer in the Hispanic community.

"Each received a $ 1,000 scholarship toward their college education," said
Mariana Llanso, club president. "The scholarships recognize our youth and
further the clubs purpose to promote Hispanic culture in Polk County."

The club was also involved in the Hispanic Festival in Munn Park in October that
drew some 4,000, who enjoyed dance, music and food.

LAKE REGION AUDUBON

Learn more about rare butterflies in Florida during a new program presented by
Linda and Buck Cooper, Thursday at 7 p.m. in the Chain of Lakes Complex, on
Cypress Gardens Boulevard in Winter Haven.

"Blooms and Butterflies -- Serendipity," is a program open to the public and
sponsored by the Lake Region Audubon Society in cooperation with the Winter
Haven Leisure Services Department.

"The Coopers have studied and sought out many species of butterflies in Florida
since they became interested when acting as resident naturalists at the
Audubon-Street Nature Center in Winter Haven," said Pat Herbert. "They created a
butterfly garden there and have shared their knowledge of butterflies and
gardens, including planting appropriate plants, with individuals and groups.

"Of the 160 species possible to see in Florida, the Coopers have seen 154 and
have photographed 135 species -- not an easy accomplishment," said Herbert.

FAIRYTALE ENGAGEMENT

Well, if the wedding turns out to be half as enchanting as the engagement story,
it's sure to be magical.

That's the hope of Lara Elizabeth Griffith, the daughter of Sandra Wells
Griffith of Lakeland and Daniel P. Griffith Jr. of Atlanta, who is engaged to
marry Joshua Thomas Davies, the son of Susan and David Davies of Omaha, Neb.,
Dec. 31 at the Foundry Methodist Church in Washington, D.C. -- the church
President and Mrs. Clinton attend while at the nation's capital.

"Their engagement story is unique," said Sandra Wells Griffith. "Josh told Lara
that for her birthday they were going to see a play in New York City, but
instead he took her to Paris (as in France) and asked her to marry him at the
Eiffel Tower."

Lara Griffith is the granddaughter of Robert V. Youkey of Lakeland and the late
Maxine E. Youkey and Dr. and Mrs. D.P. Griffith of Lake Wales, formerly of
Winter Haven.

PEACE REACHES ACROSS DENOMINATIONS

Embracing seven ministers from respected denominations and more than 50
participants, Polk Ecumenical Action Council for Empowerment (PEACE) held its
first orientation workshop Saturday, March 11, at Harmony Missionary Baptist
Church.

The purpose of PEACE is to become a powerful organization that will hold local,
political, economic, and religious systems accountable for operating justly and
equally among all.

Jana Adams, from Direct Action Research Training Center (DART) of Dayton, Ohio,
provided one-on-one training. Adams tapped into the listening process to bring
about unity, and said that she believes that Lakeland is yearning for a common
unity. The one-on-one approach will be used to increase membership.

GARDEN CLUB

Members of the Garden Club of Lakeland, Inc. took top awards at the Citrus
Celebration. Ina Sparks, a member of the Evergreen Circle, won the Tri-color
Best of Show award. Felicia McMachen, president of the Glorisa Circle, won first
place was and Betty McDonald, of the Evergreen Circle, won third place.

The Garden Club planted a magnolia tree on Lake Mirror on Arbor Day, Jan. 21.
Gene Spargos, Garden Club member and chairman of the Munn Park Extravaganza,
presented a $ 200 check to Chuck Vilushis of the City of Lakeland Parks and
Recreation Department.

DELTA KAPPA GAMMA

"Teaching: A Lifetime of Learning" was the theme for the February meeting of the
Delta Beta Chapter of Delta Kappa Gamma Professional Women Educator's Society.

Guest speaker was Dr. Shirli Billings, president of the Leadership Learning
Academy, who discussed the academy's purpose and goals. Dr. Sherrie Nickell of
the professional affairs committee for DKG made the introduction.

Pat Robinson recited an inspirational message, "Humor is Leaven to the Bread of
Teaching." Chapter President Gloria Washington introduced special guest state
officer Morita Hadlock.

SPECIAL BIRTHDAY

Congratulations to Mary Kessler, who shared her 80th birthday March 18 with
friends and family at the Mount Tabor Baptist Church in Lakeland. Included among
the more than 75 attending the party were out-of-town guests Mr. and Mrs. Ronnie
Visquera of Dayton, Tenn.; Mr. and Mrs. Rick Jackson of St. Joseph, Mich.;
Arlene Stewart of St. Petersburg; Dakota and Tyler Belmont of Vero Beach; and
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Colasanti of Franklin, Miss.

June Kessler, Elaine Kessler and Laritha Kessler, all of Lakeland, served as
hostesses for the party.

ANNIVERSARIES

Happy anniversary wishes to: Teri and Alan Howell (7) (today); Diane and Randy
Boyd (18) (Monday).

HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY

Happy belated birthday to Joyce Whilshire, Margaret Castleberry Palmore, and
Mary Thomas.

BIRTHDAYS

Happy birthday greetings to: Shannon Cleveland (32), Mike Cobb (48), Rita
Frazier, Mike McClure, Toben Snow, Dot Coringrato (today); Keith Thomas DiCesare
(8), Shirley Watson (Monday); JoAnne Wemer (37), Joe Hasenzahl (62), Debbie
Bethel (44) (Tuesday); George Crenshaw (40), Brendan McGowan (7), Tina Hagan,
Dr. Alan Gessner (Wednesday); Kiel Siemen, Shannon Peplinski, Ashley Coombs
(23), George Butler III (Thursday); Jon Baker, Rex Moss (83), Carson Roberts
(27), Dr. Russell Knaus (Friday); Garrett Matthew Hicks, Helen Eady, Tricia
Alcott, Rebecca Leynes (Saturday).

Also to Linda Little, Nancy Magnetta, Ann McLeod and Shannon Wade.

Send news of your family, club or organization to Potpourri, The Ledger, P.O.
Box 408, Lakeland 33802. Or call the Potpourri Comment Line at 802-7579 and
leave your name, phone number and a brief message and either Yvonne McShay or
Lorraine Valerino will return your call. You also can send e-mail to Valerino at
PotpourriLV@aol.com. The Ledger assumes no responsibility for photographs
submitted for Potpourri. Items received later than Monday cannot be published on
Sunday.


LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy photo: Funds generated by the Schalamar Singers have recently
been donated to four area organizations. From left are Margi Weygand, director
of the Schalamar Singers; Tom Snyder of the Child Protection Team for the
Children's Home Society in Bartow; Nancy Howkins, fund development director for
Good Shepherd Hospice in Auburndale; Janice Ellis, charge nurse for Mary Sand
Clinic (which assists residents with respiratory diseases) based in Auburndale;
Cheri Boedicker, secretary for Help the Handicapped, based in Lakeland; and
George Boedicker, president and founder of Help the Handicapped.; Kessler

             Copyright 2000 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday

More state kids gain insurance

BYLINE: Michaela Gibson Morris, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 859 words


Feb. 16--Fewer Mississippi children are going without health insurance, but some
advocates are concerned the gains could be short lived.

A Robert Wood Johnson Foundation report issued last week showed nearly 15,000
fewer Mississippi kids were among the ranks of the uninsured in 2014.

"The gains were made among the groups that are often hardest to reach,"
non-white children and children living just above or below the federal poverty
line, said Elizabeth Lukanen, deputy director of the State Health Access Data
Assistance Center at the University of Minnesota, which conducted the analysis.

Mississippi Health Advocacy Program executive director Roy Mitchell said he's
concerned House Bill 952, named the Hope Act, could add barriers for enrolling
children in Medicaid and other social safety net programs.

"This bill would give unprecedented access to beneficiaries' bank records,
school attendance records and payroll records to an outsourced third party
vendor to make determinations of eligibility and fraud and abuse," Mitchell
said.

State House Public Health chairman Chris Brown, R-Aberdeen, who offered the
bill, said the aim of the bill is to root out fraud and waste and similar
legislation has been effective in other states.

"For those who are truly needy, there's no penalty at all," Brown said.

Reducing uninsured

University of Minnesota researchers analyzed American Community Survey data from
2013 and 2014 to track uninsured children as the Affordable Care Act was fully
implemented.

In 2014, Mississippi is in the middle of the pack nationally, with 5.8 percent
of children without health insurance. Across the country the rates of uninsured
kids runs from a high of 12.3 percent in Alaska to 1.2 percent in Vermont for
2014.

However, there's wide variation in Mississippi, Mitchell said. Counties in the
Delta and rural east central Mississippi have rates running from 9 to 11
percent.

"In Mississippi we've had a real problem with outreach and enrollment to kids,"
Mitchell said.

For Mississippi kids, the gains in insurance seemed to come from efforts to get
families to see if they qualified for subsidies under Obamacare and elimination
of bureaucratic hurdles, like face-to-face renewal requirements.

"They made it so onerous to sign up, people would give up," Mitchell said of the
in-person renewal requirements.

Over the past two years, CATCH Kids executive director Valerie Long said she saw
parents who were ready to pay for family insurance, but they fell below
subsidies levels. Fortunately their children qualified for Medicaid.

"It solves one problem ... I wish we could do more," said Long, whose
organization provides free care through volunteer staffed clinics in Pontotoc,
Lee and Chickasaw counties and serves as Affordable Care Act navigators through
a grant with Oakhill Missionary Baptist Church Ministries.

Proposed legislation

The proposed HOPE Act would create a single system for determining eligibility
for Medicaid, SNAP, supplemental nutrition program, and TANF temporary aid to
needy families. It calls for the state Department of Human Services to partner
with a private sector company to implement the system. The system would gather
information about property, vehicles, bank accounts, school records and child
support.

Brown said the goal of the bill is to eliminate fraud and waste and has been
successful in Kansas, Massachusetts, Illinois, Pennsylvania and Minnesota. One
state found 8,000 deceased people on the rolls for whom Medicaid was still being
billed. With Medicaid taking up a sixth of the state budget, it's essential to
make sure money is spent carefully, he said. The Foundation for Government
Accountability has estimated Mississippi would save $200 million.

"We want to make sure we have the resources to take care of the truly needy,"
Brown said.

Children make up the majority of people covered by Medicaid, but historically
only make up a quarter of the Medicaid spending, according to an American
Academy of Pediatrics analysis.

Currently in Mississippi, parents applying for Medicaid for their children are
asked to supply birth certificates, social security cards, proof of residence
and income. Disabled adults, including those in nursing homes are required to
submit more information about their assets to determine eligibility. The
provisions of the proposed bill would affect all of them, unless specifically
disallowed by federal law.

Mitchell said it's particularly problematic that beneficiaries would only have
10 days to resolve in writing eligibility discrepancies and allow state agencies
to bank and child school records upon any assumption of fraud and gives them
power of legal action against any entity that fails to cooperate in a fraud
investigation.

"This idea of rolling back benefits for Mississippians is nothing new, but the
scope and breadth of this bill is," Mitchell said. "This bill would be
disastrous for the most vulnerable families in our state."

michaela.morris@journalinc.com

___ (c)2016 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.djournal.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160216-TP-More-state-kids-gain-insurance-0216-20160216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2016 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            July 27, 2005 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

ACROSS THE REGION

BYLINE: Tribune staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1340 words


HILLSBOROUGH

Ben T. Davis Beach Reopens For Swimmers

TAMPA -- Ben T. Davis Beach has been reopened to swimmers after water tests
showed a drop in bacteria levels.

The Hillsborough County Health Department lifted the health advisory Tuesday
based on results from testing Monday.

The city parks and recreation department issued the ban Friday after health
officials found elevated bacteria levels in the water.

The health department said recent rain and pollutants from boats, pets, wildlife
and human sewage increased the harmful bacteria levels.

Steven Girardi

Plant City Sets Hearings On Adult Business Law

PLANT CITY -- City commissioners voted unanimously Monday to schedule public
hearings on an ordinance that would overhaul the city's adult business
ordinance.

Commissioners set public hearings on the proposal for 7:30 p.m. Aug. 8 and 22 at
city hall, 302 W. Reynolds St.

The ordinance would prohibit adult businesses from being within 1,000 feet of
each other and 750 feet of churches, parks, homes, libraries, parks, day care
centers or child care centers, even those outside city limits.

It limits adult businesses to commercial zones and also seeks to prohibit them
from offering private or poorly lighted rooms where a city consultant says
questionable activity could take place between customers and entertainers.

The city is revising the ordinance while dealing with a federal lawsuit by
Taurus Property Ventures LLC, which wants to open an adult entertainment club on
U.S. 92 at County Line Road.

The city doesn't have any adult businesses, although there is a bar featuring
scantily clad dancers near the city.

George Graham

Community Arts Chief Honored In Show Tonight

TAMPA -- The Tampa Bay Performing Arts Center's Patel Conservatory has created a
production honoring one of its own, Patel's vice president of education and
humanities, Fred Johnson.

The show, "Animalopolis -- One Boy's Journey to Find his Dream," will be staged
tonight and Thursday in the Tampa Bay Performing Art Center's Ferguson Hall.

It highlights the life and work of Johnson, a graduate of the National Academy
of the Performing Arts who has been at the center since 1996. He is a jazz
musician and performance artist who, in addition to teaching, oversees the
center's Community Arts Ensemble.

That ensemble is composed of local residents who rehearse at the center for two
months each summer, learning acting techniques, musical numbers and dance
routines. About 150 people of all ages and backgrounds will be represented in
the "Animalopolis" cast.

This year, Angela Ardolino, executive producer and creator of Miami Children's
Theater, directed the ensemble.

It's free and will begin at 7 tonight and 2 and 7 p.m. Thursday. For
information, call (813) 229-7827.

Jennifer Barrs

Hearing Set For Thursday On Alderman's Ford Preserve

PLANT CITY -- Hillsborough County officials will present a land management plan
for the 985-acre parcel known as Alderman's Ford Preserve at a public meeting
Thursday in the Durant High School cafeteria.

"It's an opportunity for people to come out, see what we're doing, make some
comments and make sure we're doing the right thing," said Peter Fowler, head of
resource management for the county's Environmental Lands Acquisition and
Protection Program.

The land, next to Durant High and west of Turkey Creek and West Keysville roads,
is part of a 25,000- acre wilderness corridor that links Lithia Springs Park,
Alafia River State Park, Alderman's Ford Park and a water reservoir.

In March, county commissioners approved the $11.2 million ELAPP purchase to
preserve a swath of greenspace along the Alafia River. About 70 percent of the
cost will be covered by grants from The Florida Communities Trust.

The meeting will begin at 6:30 p.m.

Jan Hollingsworth

New Tampa Organization Gives Groups $20,000

TAMPA -- The New Tampa Community Council has distributed more than $20,000 in
proceeds from the Taste of New Tampa to 14 nonprofit organizations in New Tampa
and Wesley Chapel.

The money was raised at the Taste of New Tampa on April 3 and given to groups
that provided volunteers for the food-sampling event. Checks ranged from $435 to
$3,545, with the amount determined by the number of volunteers and number of
hours worked.

Benito Middle School PTSA received the largest check. The PTSA provided more
than 20 student volunteers and some of their parents.

"It's good for the kids to go out and earn the money," said Cindy Martinez, the
PTSA volunteer coordinator, who said the money has not been designated for a
specific use.

Other groups plan to use the money for service projects or scholarships, or to
help with equipment needs.

Lenora Lake

PINELLAS

Domestic Violence Foe To Visit County This Week

PINELLAS PARK -- Anthony Porter, a nationally recognized expert on combating
violence against women, will make three appearances in Pinellas County this week
before groups that work with men and boys.

Porter's campaign, "A Call to Men," reflects his belief that "well-meaning men"
need to be a part of the solution to the problem of violence directed at women.

"I have heard Mr. Porter speak at various conferences and have always wanted to
bring him to Pinellas County," said Elihu Brayboy, coordinator of the DELTA
program for the Pinellas County Health Department, which is sponsoring his
visit.

DELTA is a national domestic violence prevention project.

Porter will appear Thursday at Pinellas Park High School, 6305 118th Ave., and
that evening at the YMCA of the Suncoast, Ridgecrest branch, 1801 119th St. N.,
Largo. He also will address a men's luncheon at noon Thursday aimed at forming a
local branch of his "A Call to Men" organization.

On Friday he will speak with representatives of a number of groups that work
with boys and men, including about 100 boys, 400 coaches and 100 other
professionals.

For information, call (727) 824- 6916.

Rick Barry

$4.4 Million Federal Grant Jump-Starts Health Project

ST. PETERSBURG -- The Pinellas County Health Department will be awarded a $4.4
million federal grant to fund a major maternal and child health project for the
next four years.

The department's "St. Petersburg Healthy Start" project was chosen for funding
as part of the U.S. Health Resources and Services Administration's "Eliminating
Disparities in Perinatal Health Initiative" competition for programs aimed at
improving health care in minority communities.

A partnership including All Children's Hospital, Bayfront Medical Center,
Directions for Mental Health, the Healthy Start Coalition, Operation Par,
Infinite Solutions of Tampa Bay Inc., the YWCA, the Bethel Community Foundation
Inc., and St. Petersburg Pediatrics won the grant, which will be awarded in a
formal presentation Thursday.

"I'm proud to be a part of this program," said Mariano Cibran, a physician
leading St. Petersburg Pediatrics, the county's largest pediatric Medicaid
provider. "We're ready to go."

Rick Barry

PASCO

Gulf High Students Get Jump On School Year

NEW PORT RICHEY -- International Baccalaureate students at Gulf High faced a
tricky problem Tuesday soon after they arrived at the school for an afternoon of
workshops.

Teachers divided the teenagers into teams of nine. The students had to figure
out how to cross a river as a team, using five short boards to create a bridge.

Luckily for them, the stream was an imaginary one in the gymnasium or some of
them would have been soaked.

Also present was Assistant Principal Deborah Lepley, who oversees Gulf High's
fledgling International Baccalaureate program.

School will begin on Aug. 8. Lepley and her team of teachers brought the IB
students together early so they could meet one another and learn a few tips.

International Baccalaureate is a rigorous academic diploma program, and students
who complete it can earn advanced standings at universities and college credits.

Gulf High begins with what really is a pre-IB program and a freshman class whose
members won't enter the full program until they are juniors.

Ronnie Blair

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 26, 2015 Monday

Tennessee: AARP Foundation Brings Fre$h Savings Program to Memphis, Tenn.

LENGTH: 825 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Nashville: The Greater Memphis Chamber, The state of Tennessee has issued
the following news release:



 With the help of UnitedHealthcare and Kroger, AARP Foundation is rolling out
its Fre$h Savings initiative, a health food incentive program to encourage SNAP
recipients to purchase more fruits and vegetables.





 A press conference and community event will be held at a local Kroger store.



 Where: Kroger, 3860 Austin Peay Highway, Memphis, Tenn., 38128

 When: Wednesday, Nov. 4, from 10:30 to 11:30 a.m.



 Participants, volunteers and the public will have the opportunity to enjoy
fresh grilled vegetables and assorted fruits, receive Fre$h Savings material and
giveaways, and learn about the impact of this program from Lisa Marsh Ryerson,
AARP Foundation President.



 UnitedHealthcare, United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) and Kroger
representatives will discuss the Fre$h Savings program and how it makes fresh
fruits and vegetables more affordable for Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Program (SNAP) recipients. Attendees will then have the opportunity to tour
Kroger&rsquo;s produce section and meet a local farmer.



 &ldquo;AARP Foundation strives to be a leader in the movement to promote
thoughtful, market-driven, sustainable strategies that address hunger and food
insecurity for all Americans,&rdquo; said Ryerson. &ldquo;This initiative is an
opportunity to battle the daily and often invisible problem of hunger that
millions of our older neighbors face by connecting them to accessible healthy,
fresh and affordable food.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;UnitedHealthcare is grateful for the opportunity to partner with AARP
Foundation and Kroger to encourage more people to improve their diets, and their
health,&rdquo; said Rita Johnson-Mills, CEO, UnitedHealthcare Community Plan of
Tennessee.



 &ldquo;Kroger is delighted to be part of such a powerful initiative that
simultaneously addresses food insecurity, encourages our shoppers to maintain
healthier diets by purchasing more fruits and vegetables, and supports our local
farmers,&rdquo; said Pam Matthews, Vice President of Merchandising, Kroger Delta
Division. &ldquo;The Mid-South area is a great place to launch the Fre$h Savings
program, and we are proud to work alongside AARP and UnitedHealthcare.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;The Tennessee Department of Human Services is excited about the Fre$h
Savings Program. We think it provides an excellent opportunity for those we
serve to maximize their SNAP benefits to provide healthier food options for
their families,&rdquo; said Dr. Raquel Hatter, Commissioner of the Tennessee
Department of Human Services.



 More than 10 million older adults in the United States are food insecure. AARP
Foundation, in collaboration with these organizations, is creating solutions
that help people 50 and older transform their lives and secure the essentials
for their future.



 The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), through its Food Insecurity
Nutrition Incentive (FINI) grant program, awarded AARP Foundation a $3.3 million
grant, with an additional $1 million coming from UnitedHealthcare, to implement
this multiyear $6.6 million plan in Mississippi and Tennessee.  The goal is to
encourage low-income consumers to purchase and eat more fresh produce, and to
improve their nutrition and overall health.



 # # #



 About AARP Foundation

 AARP Foundation is working to win back opportunity for struggling Americans 50+
by being a force for change on the most serious issues they face today: housing,
hunger, income and isolation. By coordinating responses to these issues on all
four fronts at once, and supporting them with vigorous legal advocacy, the
Foundation serves the unique needs of those 50+ while working with local
organizations nationwide to reach more people, strengthen communities, work more
efficiently and make resources go further. AARP Foundation is AARP&rsquo;s
affiliated charity. Learn more at www.aarpfoundation.org.



 About UnitedHealthcare

 UnitedHealthcare is dedicated to helping people nationwide live healthier lives
by simplifying the health care experience, meeting consumer health and wellness
needs, and sustaining trusted relationships with care providers. The company
offers the full spectrum of health benefit programs for individuals, employers,
military service members, retirees and their families, and Medicare and Medicaid
beneficiaries, and contracts directly with more than 850,000 physicians and care
professionals, and 6,000 hospitals and other care facilities nationwide.
UnitedHealthcare is one of the businesses of UnitedHealth Group (NYSE: UNH), a
diversified Fortune 50 health and well-being company. For more information,
visit UnitedHealthcare at www.uhc.com or follow @myUHC on Twitter.

 Contact:

 Buddy Castellano, UnitedHealthcare

 buddy_castellano@uhc.com, 952-931-4775





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

Regulatory update: Colorado Public Utilities Commission; Colorado Public
Utilities Commission , has issued (16A-0153CP ) 1. The intervention filed by
Holly Smith, doing business as Angel Delivery's is stricken and it is dismissed
from the proceeding. 2. The verified Application to Operate as a Common Carrier
of Passengers by Motor Vehicle for Hire filed by Jacqueline Sue Ballard, doing
business as My Fare Lady (Applicant), as amended consistent with discussion
above, is granted. 3. Applicant i

LENGTH: 2869  words

DATELINE: New York



 Denver: Colorado Public Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(filing):





 Decision No. R16-0435

 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF COLORADO

 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0153CP

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF JACQUELINE SUE BALLARD DOING

 BUSINESS AS "MY FARE LADY" FOR A CERTIFICATE OF PUBLIC CONVENIENCE

 AND NECESSITY TO OPERATE AS A COMMON CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE FOR

 HIRE.



 RECOMMENDED DECISION OF

 ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGE

 ROBERT I. GARVEY

 DISMISSING INTERVENTION AND

 GRANTING APPLICATION UNDER MODIFIED

 PROCEDURE; AND CLOSING PROCEEDING



 TABLE OF CONTENTS

 I. STATEMENT
................................................................................
...........................................1

 II. STIPULATION
................................................................................
........................................3

 III. INTERVENTION OF ANGEL DELIVERY'S
........................................................................5

 IV. FINDINGS AND CONCLUSIONS
................................................................................
.........6

 V. ORDER
................................................................................
.....................................................7

 A. The Commission Orders That:
................................................................................
..........7

 I. STATEMENT

 1. On March 7, 2016, Jacqueline Sue Ballard, doing business as My Fare Lady

 (My Fare Lady or Applicant), filed an Application for a Certificate of Public
Convenience and

 Necessity to Operate as a Common Carrier by Motor Vehicle for Hire
(Application). That filing

 commenced this proceeding.

 Colorado PUC E-Filings System

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0435 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0153CP

 2

 2. On March 21, 2016, the Commission issued its Notice of Application Filed

 (Notice) in this proceeding by publishing a summary of the same in its Notice
as follows:

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the

 transportation of

 passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service

 between all points in the Counties of Delta, Gunnison, Mesa, and Montrose.

 RESTRICTIONS: This application is restricted:

 (A) to the transportation of passengers for the purpose of non-emergency

 medical care, treatment and/or therapy to and/or from private homes,

 assisted living centers, hospitals, doctors' offices, medical clinics, medical

 therapy facilities, dialysis centers, medical equipment/supply providers,

 and nursing homes; and,

 (B) to providing 'door-through door' service, wherein the driver shall escort,

 assist and take responsibility for the passenger either at the door or inside

 the structure at the pickup point and maintain responsibility for the

 passenger through the door to inside the structure at the destination point,

 as may be required, or requested, by the passenger.

 3. On April 20, 2016, Holly Smith, doing business as Angel Delivery's (Angel

 Delivery's) filed its Intervention and Entry of Appearance by Right. This
filing attached

 Commission Authority No. 55877 owned by Angel Delivery's and an initial list of
witnesses and

 exhibits.

 4. On April 20, 2016, Tazco, Inc., doing business as Sunshine Taxi (Sunshine
Taxi)

 filed its Intervention and Entry of Appearance by Right. This filing attached
Commission

 Authority No. 19429 held by Sunshine Taxi and an initial list of witnesses and
exhibits.

 5. On April 27, 2016, the Commission deemed the Application complete and

 referred it to an Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) for disposition.

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0435 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0153CP

 3

 II. STIPULATION

 6. On May 4, 2016, a Stipulated Motion was filed by the Applicant and Sunshine

 Taxi. In the Stipulated Motion My Fare Lady and Sunshine Taxi request that the
Application be

 amended. Applicant and Sunshine Taxi requested that the Application be amended
as follows:

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the

 transportation of

 passengers in call and-demand-shuttle service:

 (I) Between all points in the Counties of Delta, Gunnison and Montrose;

 (II) From points in the Counties of Delta, Gunnison, and Montrose to points in
Mesa

 County, CO

 The above authority is restricted as follows:

 RESTRICTIONS: The authority granted in Parts (I) and (II) above is restricted:

 (A) to the transportation of passengers for the purpose of non-emergency

 medical care, treatment and/or therapy to and/or from private homes,

 assisted living centers, hospitals, doctors' offices, medical clinics, medical

 therapy facilities, dialysis centers, medical equipment/supply providers,

 and nursing homes;

 (B) to providing 'door-through door' service, wherein the driver shall escort,

 assist and take responsibility for the passenger either at the door or inside

 the structure at the pickup point and maintain responsibility for the

 passenger through the door to inside the structure at the destination point,

 as may be required, or requested, by the passenger;

 (C) to the use of wheelchair accessible vehicles where a wheelchair passenger

 remains in the wheelchair, and

 (D) to the use of not more than one vehicle at any one time.

 7. On May 6, 2016, by Decision No. R16-0393-I, the stipulation was accepted and


 the Application was amended consistent with the stipulation.

 8. On May 10, 2016, Applicant filed her Change in Language of Stipulation. In
this

 filing the Applicant states that the intention of the stipulation was not to
restrict the authority to

 only passengers confined to a wheelchair, but restrict the vehicle used to one
which would allow

 for passengers to be transported in a wheelchair. The filing was only signed by
the Applicant.

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0435 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0153CP

 4

 9. At the prehearing conference held on May 17, 2016, the undersigned ALJ
advised

 the Applicant that Sunshine Taxi would be required to agree to this
clarification of the

 stipulation.

 10. Through informal communications between the parties and the undersigned
ALJ,

 Sunshine Taxi confirmed that there was no objection to the clarification
requested by the

 Applicant.

 11. To ensure that there is no confusion as to the authority, the ALJ shall sua
sponte

 amend the Application as follows:

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the

 transportation of

 passengers in call and demand shuttle service

 (I) between all points in the Counties of Delta, Gunnison, and Montrose, State
of

 Colorado

 (II) from points in the Counties of Delta, Gunnison, and Montrose to points in
Mesa

 County, Colorado

 RESTRICTIONS:

 (A) to the transportation of passengers for the purpose of non-emergency

 medical care, treatment and/or therapy to and/or from private homes,

 assisted living centers, hospitals, doctors' offices, medical clinics, medical

 therapy facilities, dialysis centers, medical equipment/supply providers,

 and nursing homes;

 (B) to providing 'door-through door' service, wherein the driver shall escort,

 assist and take responsibility for the passenger either at the door or inside

 the structure at the pickup point and maintain responsibility for the

 passenger through the door to inside the structure at the destination point,

 as may be required, or requested, by the passenger;

 (C) to the use of wheelchair accessible vehicles equipped with a lift or a
ramp;

 and

 (D) to the use of not more than one vehicle at any one time.

 12. The clarification to the restriction in the authority sought by Applicant
will be

 accepted.

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0435 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0153CP

 5

 III. INTERVENTION OF ANGEL DELIVERY'S

 13. On May 6, 2016, Decision No. R16-0393-I was issued. This Decision scheduled


 a prehearing conference for May 17, 2016. Parties were advised that they could
participate in the

 prehearing conference by telephone or in person but failure to appear shall
result in the dismissal

 of the Application or intervention.1

 14. Angel Delivery's failed to appear for the prehearing conference.

 15. Angel Delivery's did not contact the undersigned ALJ or Commission Staff

 advising of its inability to appear for the prehearing conference or request a
continuance of the

 prehearing conference.

 16. As of the date of this Decision, Angel's Delivery's has not contacted the

 undersigned ALJ or Commission Staff explaining their failure to appear for the
prehearing

 conference.

 17. Consistent with the advisement in Decision No. R16-0393-I, the intervention
of

 Angel Delivery's is stricken and they are no longer a party to the above
captioned proceeding

 18. Striking of the Intervention of Angel Delivery's leaves the Application

 uncontested. Pursuant to § 40-6-109(5), C.R.S., and Rule 1403, 4 Code of
Colorado Regulations

 (CCR) 723-1 of the Commission's Rules of Practice and Procedure, the
uncontested Application

 may be processed under the modified procedure, without a formal hearing.

 19. In accordance with § 40-6-109, C.R.S., the ALJ now transmits to the
Commission

 the record in this proceeding along with a written recommended decision.

 1 Decision No. R16-0393-I, ordering paragraph no. 1.

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0435 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0153CP

 6

 IV. FINDINGS AND CONCLUSIONS

 20. Applicant is a sole proprietorship.

 21. Applicant requests authority to extend operations under Permit No. B-9908
as a

 contract carrier. By the Application, as extended, Permit No. B-9908 would
authorize the

 following:

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the

 transportation of

 passengers in call and demand shuttle service

 (I) between all points in the Counties of Delta, Gunnison, and Montrose, State
of

 Colorado

 (II) from points in the Counties of Delta, Gunnison, and Montrose to points in
Mesa

 County, Colorado

 RESTRICTIONS:

 (A) to the transportation of passengers for the purpose of non-emergency

 medical care, treatment and/or therapy to and/or from private homes,

 assisted living centers, hospitals, doctors' offices, medical clinics, medical

 therapy facilities, dialysis centers, medical equipment/supply providers,

 and nursing homes;

 (B) to providing 'door-through door' service, wherein the driver shall escort,

 assist and take responsibility for the passenger either at the door or inside

 the structure at the pickup point and maintain responsibility for the

 passenger through the door to inside the structure at the destination point,

 as may be required, or requested, by the passenger;

 (C) to the use of wheelchair accessible vehicles equipped with a lift or a
ramp;

 and

 (D) to the use of not more than one vehicle at any one time.

 22. The verified Application establishes that Applicant is familiar with the
Rules

 Regulating Transportation by Motor Vehicle, 4 CCR 723-6, and agrees to be bound
by, and to

 comply with, those rules. The verified Application and its supporting
documentation establish

 that Applicant has sufficient equipment with which to render the proposed
service and is

 financially fit to conduct operations under the authority requested. Finally,
review of the verified

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0435 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0153CP

 7

 Application indicates a need for the proposed service. Therefore, because the
Applicant is fit,

 financially and otherwise, to perform the proposed service and because the
other prerequisites

 have been met, the permit should be granted

 23. In accordance with § 40-6-109, C.R.S., the ALJ recommends that the
Commission

 enter the following order.

 V. ORDER

 A. The Commission Orders That:

 1. The intervention filed by Holly Smith, doing business as Angel Delivery's is


 stricken and it is dismissed from the proceeding.

 2. The verified Application to Operate as a Common Carrier of Passengers by
Motor

 Vehicle for Hire filed by Jacqueline Sue Ballard, doing business as My Fare
Lady (Applicant), as

 amended consistent with discussion above, is granted.

 3. Applicant is granted a certificate of public convenience and necessity
(CPCN) to

 operate a as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the transportation
of passengers:

 in call-and-demand shuttle service

 (I) between all points in the Counties of Delta, Gunnison, and Montrose, State
of

 Colorado; and

 (II) from points in the Counties of Delta, Gunnison, and Montrose to points in
Mesa

 County, Colorado

 RESTRICTIONS:

 (A) to the transportation of passengers for the purpose of non-emergency

 medical care, treatment and/or therapy to and/or from private homes,

 assisted living centers, hospitals, doctors' offices, medical clinics, medical

 therapy facilities, dialysis centers, medical equipment/supply providers,

 and nursing homes;

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0435 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0153CP

 8

 (B) to providing 'door-through door' service, wherein the driver shall escort,

 assist and take responsibility for the passenger either at the door or inside

 the structure at the pickup point and maintain responsibility for the

 passenger through the door to inside the structure at the destination point,

 as may be required, or requested, by the passenger;

 (C) to the use of wheelchair accessible vehicles equipped with a lift or a
ramp;

 and

 (D) to the use of not more than one vehicle at any one time.

 4. Applicant shall operate in accordance with all applicable Colorado law and

 Commission rules.

 5. Applicant shall not commence operation until it has complied with the

 requirements of Colorado law and Commission rules, including without
limitation:

 (a) causing proof of insurance (Form E or self-insurance) or surety bond

 (Form G) coverage to be filed with the Commission;

 (b) paying to the Commission, the motor vehicle fee ($35) for each vehicle

 to be operated under authority granted by the Commission, or in lieu

 thereof, paid the fee for such vehicle(s) pursuant to the Unified Carrier

 Registration Agreement;

 (c) having an effective tariff on file with the Commission. Applicant shall
file

 an advice letter and tariff on not less than ten days' notice. The advice

 letter and tariff shall be filed as a new Advice Letter proceeding and shall

 comply with all applicable rules. In calculating the proposed effective

 date, the date received at the Commission is not included in the notice

 period and the entire notice period must expire prior to the effective date.

 (Additional tariff information can be found on the Commission's website

 at dora.colorado.gov/puc and by following the transportation common and

 contract carrier links to tariffs); and

 (d) paying the applicable issuance fee ($5).

 6. If Applicant does not cause proof of insurance or surety bond to be filed,
pay the

 appropriate motor vehicle fees, file an advice letter and proposed tariff, and
pay the issuance fee

 within 60 days of the effective date of this Decision, then the grant of a CPCN
shall be void. For

 good cause shown, the Commission may grant additional time for compliance if
the request for

 additional time is filed within 60 days of the effective date of this Decision.


 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0435 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0153CP

 9

 7. The Commission will notify Applicant in writing when the Commission's
records

 demonstrate compliance with ordering paragraph 5.

 8. Proceeding No. 16A-0153CP is closed.

 9. This Recommended Decision shall be effective on the day it becomes the

 Decision of the Commission, if that is the case, and is entered as of the date
above.

 10. As provided by § 40-6-109, C.R.S., copies of this Recommended Decision
shall

 be served upon the parties, who may file exceptions to it.

 a) If no exceptions are filed within 20 days after service or within any
extended

 period of time authorized, or unless the decision is stayed by the Commission
upon its own

 motion, the recommended decision shall become the decision of the Commission
and subject to

 the provisions of § 40-6-114, C.R.S.

 b) If a party seeks to amend, modify, annul, or reverse basic findings of fact
in its

 exceptions, that party must request and pay for a transcript to be filed, or
the parties may

 stipulate to portions of the transcript according to the procedure stated in §
40-6-113, C.R.S.

 If no transcript or stipulation is filed, the Commission is bound by the facts
set out by the

 administrative law judge and the parties cannot challenge these facts. This
will limit what the

 Commission can review if exceptions are filed.

 Before the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Colorado

 Decision No. R16-0435 PROCEEDING NO. 16A-0153CP

 10

 11. If exceptions to this Decision are filed, they shall not exceed 30 pages in
length,

 unless the Commission for good cause shown permits this limit to be exceeded.

 (S E A L)

 ATTEST: A TRUE COPY

 Doug Dean, Director

 THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF COLORADO

 ROBERT I. GARVEY

 ________________________________

 Administrative Law Judge


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            November 19, 2006 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

NEWSMAKERS

SECTION: NEWS TIMES; Pg. O20

LENGTH: 593 words


Law graduate

William Bryce Crane, of Evans, recently graduated with a juris doctorate from
Mississippi College School of Law in Jackson. He is the son of Henry Nelson
Crane Jr., of Destin, Fla., and Vicki Slocumb Durham, of Evans. He is the
grandson of Evelyn Crane, of Moultrie, Ga., and Virginia Welfare, of Augusta.
Crane is a graduate of Greenbrier High School and the University of Georgia. He
has been invited to join the law firm of Prebula & Associates LLC, in Duluth,
Ga.

MCG graduates

The following area residents were recently among the Medical College of
Georgia's 2006 graduating list: School of Dentistry, doctor of dental medicine:
Karthik Kanakasundar, of Evans, and Heather Willis, of Appling; School of
Graduate Studies, master of nursing: Clara Gladue, Karen Shouse, Kathy
Linebarger and Colleen Pawlak, of Evans; master of science in oral biology:
Robert Holmes, of Evans, Heather Watkins, of Martinez; School of Medicine,
doctor of medicine: David Lachman, Kenneth Martin, Stephen Brown, Amena Hasan,
of Evans; Jason Miller, Sohail Khan, Jennifer Peterson, Kelly Miller, Susan Coe,
Davinder Ramsingh, Kelly Homlar, Esther Liu, Melissa Rader, Ji Han and Vaibhav
Maurya, of Martinez; and Nicholas Coates, of Grovetown;

School of Nursing, bachelor of science in nursing: Hollie Duffie, Andrea Dobos,
Julie Neal and Stephanie Leblanc, of Evans; Amanda Moody and Natalie Horseman,
of Grovetown; Carla Allen, of Harlem; Tanesha Garnett, of Appling; and Emily
Nelms, Duane Thomas, Christoph Wolbert, Lori Greenhill, Mollie Odum and Cornelia
Benoit, of Martinez; School of Allied Health Sciences, bachelor of science in
dental hygiene: Shawn Neal, of Evans; Jessica Lowe, of Grovetown; Tiffany
Carney, of Martinez; and Jennifer Williams, of Appling; bachelor of science in
diagnostic medical sonography: Francesca Davis, of Martinez, Deborah Williams,
of Evans; bachelor of science in health information administration: Jennifer
Kriegel, of Evans; bachelor of science in health information management: Lindsey
Brandt, of Grovetown; and Meera Vasanth and Heather Armstrong, of Evans;
bachelor of science in medical technology: Amber Cochran, of Grovetown,
andRosann Schade, of Martinez; bachelor of science in nuclear medicine
technology: Courtney Sheahan, of Grovetown; bachelor of science in physician
assistant: Aimee Lombard and Alex Santiago, of Martinez; and Stephanie Farrow
and Jason Rodwell, of Evans; bachelor of science in radiologic sciences:
Jennifer Saxon, Trey Herringdine and Tamryn Wesse, of Martinez; bachelor of
science in respiratory therapy: Amanda Duncan and Allison Norton, of Martinez;
master of health science: Sidra Ahmad, of Martinez, and Lindsay Murray, of
Grovetown.

Mercer graduate

Mercer University School of Medicine awarded Martinez resident Nisha Patel,
daughter of Sudha and Ramesh Patel, a doctor of medicine degree May 6 in Macon,
Ga. She received the Outstanding Student in Emergency Medicine Award and
Outstanding Student in Psychiatry Award.

Scholarships

The following are winners of college-sponsored merit scholarships: Juliana J.
Coleman, of Augusta, Clemson University, home-schooled; Arthur G. Moore, of
Evans, Emory University, Greenbrier High School.

Scholarship

Daniel Harrell, of Appling, has received a scholarship from Cooperative Baptist
Fellowship for 2006-2007. He attends McAfee School of Theology at Mercer
University, Atlanta.

Grant winner

Ivy Minnie, of Martinez, has been selected for a $2,000 Jeanette Rankin
Foundation grant. Minnie is attending Augusta State University for a degree in
social work.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Special Delta Epsilon Iota fraternity has selected Jack Curtis O'Tyson
for membership in the chapter at Georgia Southern University. Curtis has
maintained a 4.0 GPA. He graduated from Evans High School and is pursuing an
accounting degree with plans to pursue a CPA license. He is the son of Jane
Hofman, of Martinez, and Jack O'Tyson Jr., of Augusta.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                January 18, 2017

             Louisiana State University Health Sciences Center New
                                    Orleans

                               433 Bolivar Street
                               New Orleans 70112
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


OmniSeq Forms Clinical Evaluation Partnership With LSU Health New Orleans to
Provide Comprehensive Genomic Profiling

   Nov 10, 2016

   Louisiana State University Health Sciences Center New Orleans and Omniseq, a
subsidiary of the Roswell Park Cancer Institute, are now partnering to provide
oncologists with comprehensive next generation sequencing of solid tumors for
clinical decision support.&ldquoLSU Health New Orleans has an 85-year history as
a premier healthcare institution in Louisiana with six professional schools and
eight Centers of Excellence. We look forward to adding OmniSeq&rsquos cutting
edge technology to the LSU Health New Orleans toolkit,&rdquosaid Carl Morrison,
President and Chief Scientific Officer of OmniSeq. &ldquoComprehensive genomic
profiling should be the first step for all advanced stage solid tumors whenever
targeted therapy is a treatment consideration,&rdquosaid Morrison.LSU Health New
Orleans will utilize OmniSeq ComprehensiveSM, a pan-cancer tumor profiling
diagnostic panel, to screen patients at their facilities. The 144-gene panel is
New York State (NYS) CLEP-approved, the gold standard in clinical laboratory
testing. Oncologists and patients at LSU Health New Orleans will receive
personalized reports on the patients&rsquoindividual genetic variants including:
FDA-approved therapeutics, clinical trials for which the patient may qualify,
and potential hereditary variants. OmniSeq Comprehensive utilizes the least
amount of tissue of any commercially available comprehensive tumor profiling
assay. To date, OmniSeq Comprehensive identified actionable variants
&ndashincluding FDA-approved therapeutics and precision medicine trials
&ndashfor over 83% of patients tested. Through this partnership, LSUHSC will
receive access to molecular tumor boards to support clinical decision making as
well as collaborate with OmniSeq&rsquos customers to strategize on increasing
enrollment of minority and underserved populations in the Gulf South community.
Additionally, LSUHSC patients will have access to the OmniSeq CARESSM financial
assistance program to help alleviate any patient out-of-pocket cost. &ldquoLSU
Health New Orleans is excited to partner with OmniSeq as they provide a
multifaceted approach to personalized medicine,&rdquosaid Dr. Augusto Ochoa,
Director of LSU Health New Orleans Stanley S. Scott Cancer Center and principal
investigator of a Minority Underserved National Cancer Institute Community
Research Oncology Program (NCORP), funded by a grant to LSU Health New Orleans.
&ldquoOmniSeq&rsquos cutting edge technology and clinical insights will improve
access to precision medicine in our underserved community, offer our
physicians&rsquoguidance in the development of actionable treatment plans, and
help to continue to improve the standard of care for patients at LSU Health New
Orleans. It will also allow NCORP investigators to design genomics-based
clinical trials tailored to Louisiana and Mississippi patients.&rdquo


Novel compounds arrested epilepsy development in mice

   Jul 22, 2016

   A team led by Nicolas Bazan, MD, PhD, Boyd Professor and Director of LSU
Health New Orleans' Neuroscience Center of Excellence, has developed
neuroprotective compounds that may prevent the development of epilepsy. The
findings will be published online in Scientific Reports, a Nature journal, on
July 22, 2016.In this study in an experimental model of epilepsy in mice, the
compounds prevented seizures and their damaging effects on dendritic spines,
specialized structures that allow brain cells to communicate. In epilepsy, these
structures are damaged and rewire incorrectly, creating brain circuits that are
hyper-connected and prone to seizures, an important example of pathological
plasticity."In the current study, preservation of dendritic spines and
subsequent protection from seizures, were observed up to 100 days
post-treatment, suggesting the process of epilepsy development has been
arrested," notes Dr. Nicolas Bazan, Director of the LSU Health New Orleans
Neuroscience Center of Excellence. Dr. Bazan and Professor Julio Alvarez-Builla
Gomez, a medicinal chemist from the University of Alcala in Spain, discovered
and patented the LAU compounds, named for the inventors in Louisiana and the
Spanish university. A number of LAU compounds were studied in this research,
which blocked a neuroinflammatory signaling receptor, protecting dendritic
spines and lessening seizure susceptibility and onset, as well as
hyper-excitability. According to the National Institutes of Health, the
epilepsies are a spectrum of brain disorders ranging from severe,
life-threatening and disabling, to ones that are much more benign. In epilepsy,
the normal pattern of neuronal activity becomes disturbed, causing strange
sensations, emotions, and behavior or sometimes convulsions, muscle spasms, and
loss of consciousness. It is not uncommon for people with epilepsy, especially
children, to develop behavioral and emotional problems in conjunction with
seizures. Issues may also arise as a result of the stigma attached to having
epilepsy, which can lead to embarrassment and frustration or bullying, teasing,
or avoidance in school and other social settings. For many people with epilepsy,
the risk of seizures restricts their independence (some states refuse drivers
licenses to people with epilepsy) and recreational activities. Epilepsy can be a
life-threatening condition. Some people with epilepsy are at special risk for
abnormally prolonged seizures or sudden unexplained death in epilepsy. There is
currently no cure. The research team also included Drs. Alberto Muso,
Surijyadipta Bhattacharjee, Ludmila Belayev and William Gordon from LSU Health
New Orleans&#39Neuroscience Center of Excellence, Robert Rosencrans, Chelsey
Walker, as well as and Chittalsinh M. Raulji, from LSU Health New
Orleans&#39Department of Pediatrics Section of Hematology-Oncology, along with
Zhide Fang, from the Biostatistics Program at LSU Health New Orleans School of
Public Health. The research was supported by the National Institute of General
Medical Sciences of the National Institutes of Health. "Future clinical studies
would evaluate the potential application of the compounds that we have developed
and/or the mechanisms that we have discovered that are targeted by these
compounds in the development of epilepsy," concludes Dr. Bazan. "Most of the
anti-epileptic drugs currently available treat the symptom - seizures- not the
disease itself. Understanding the potential therapeutic usefulness of compounds
that may interrupt the development process may pave the way for
disease-modifying treatments for patients at risk for epilepsy." The research is
part of an ongoing effort in Dr. Bazan laboratory to understand the critical
role of brain plasticity which underlies many aspects of health and disease,
from developmental disorders like dyslexia to aging, retinal degeneration,
neurotrauma (concussions, TBI), stroke, Parkinson&#39s and Alzheimer&#39s
disease.


Research discovers potential new therapeutic target for ALS

   Jan 19, 2016

   J. Gavin Daigle, a PhD candidate at the LSU Health New Orleans School of
Graduate Studies, is the first author of a paper whose findings reveal another
piece of the Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) puzzle. Working with mentor
Udai Pandey, PhD, a former member of the Genetics Department faculty at LSU
Health New Orleans now at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, the team
identified a protein that can protect against the toxic degeneration of cells in
diseases like ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease. The work is published
this month online in the journal Acta Neurpathologica.The research team, led by
Dr. Pandey, discovered that a protein called Pur-alpha is a component of stress
granules in cells. Stress granules are a built-in mechanism to protect cells
from the effects of external stimuli/stress. They form rapidly when cells are
exposed to stressful conditions and disassemble when the stress ends. The
researchers found that the Pur-alpha protein is essential for the formation of
stress granules, confirmed by the observation that the depletion of Pur-alpha
impairs the ability of cells to form them. This built-in protection is
compromised in ALS patients because disease-causing mutations in the FUS gene
protein cause it to become mislocalized to the body of the cell, rather than the
nucleus, where it incorporates into the stress granules. The stress granules
then stall out, trapping Pur-alpha inside and unable to function. The team also
found that supplying external Pur-alpha protein helps in suppressing the motor
neuron degeneration associated with FUS-carrying ALS-causing mutations by
promoting stalled stress granule turn-over. The study suggests that Pur-alpha
could serve as a novel therapeutic target for developing a treatment for ALS
patients. "We are eager to determine if we can mitigate the FUS toxicity by a
cell permeable Pur-alpha peptide in motor neurons derived from induced
pluripotent stem cells carrying FUS mutations," said Udai Pandey, PhD, who is an
Assistant Professor Department of Pediatrics, Neurology and Human Genetics at
the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center. "Also, we are trying to identify
which biological pathway(s) are regulated by Pur-alpha protein and how
disease-causing mutations in FUS perturb them." "Our data provide new
mechanistic details of FUS-related ALS and identifies Pur-alpha as a potential
therapeutic target that could help in mitigating neuronal cell death," notes LSU
Health New Orleans graduate student J. Gavin Daigle. "Our findings further
suggest that defective RNA-metabolism strongly contributes to ALS pathogenesis
and neurodegeneration. Also, I'm excited to see how these discoveries could shed
light onto the basic biological pathways linking several familial forms of ALS."
According to the National Institutes of Health, ALS is a rapidly progressive,
invariably fatal neurological disease that attacks the nerve cells (neurons)
responsible for controlling voluntary muscles (muscle action we are able to
control, such as those in the arms, legs, and face). The disease belongs to a
group of disorders known as motor neuron diseases, which are characterized by
the gradual degeneration and death of motor neurons. More than 12,000 people in
the U.S. have a definite diagnosis of ALS, for a prevalence of 3.9 cases per
100,000 persons in the U.S. general population, according to a report on data
from the National ALS Registry. ALS is one of the most common neuromuscular
diseases worldwide, and people of all races and ethnic backgrounds are affected.
ALS is more common among white males, non-Hispanics, and persons aged 60-69
years, but younger and older people also can develop the disease. Men are
affected more often than women. In 90 to 95% of all ALS cases, the disease
occurs apparently at random with no clearly associated risk factors. Individuals
with this sporadic form of the disease do not have a family history of ALS, and
their family members are not considered to be at increased risk for developing
it. About 5 to 10% of all ALS cases are inherited. The familial form of ALS
usually results from a pattern of inheritance that requires only one parent to
carry the gene responsible for the disease. Mutations in more than a dozen genes
have been found to cause familial ALS. Scientists from Thomas Jefferson
University in Philadelphia, Eastern Virginia Medical School, Norfolk, VA, and
Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, Bethesda, MD also
participated in the research. "I would like to acknowledge Karthik Krishnamurthy
at Thomas Jefferson University, a co-first author on this article," concludes
Daigle. "His contributions to this study were crucial to this story." The
research was funded by grants from the National Institute of Neurological
Disorders of the National Institutes of Health, the Robert Packard Center for
ALS at Johns Hopkins and the Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Association. Daigle
will graduate from LSU Health New Orleans with a Doctor of Philosophy in
Genetics in May 2016. A diploma-only student this semester, Daigle is currently
a postdoctoral fellow at Johns Hopkins Medical Center where he will be
continuing his research on ALS in the laboratory of Dr. Jeff Rothstein, an
internationally known physician-scientist for his work on ALS.


LSU Health New Orleans identifies toxic Ebola protein fragment

   Jan 21, 2015

   William Gallaher, PhD, Emeritus Professor of Microbiology, Immunology &
Parasitology at LSU Health New Orleans School of Medicine, has discovered a
fragment of an Ebola virus protein that is toxic to cells and may contribute to
infection and illness.The findings were published online January 20, 2015, in
the open access journal, Viruses, available at
http://www.mdpi.com/1999-4915/7/1/285.The fragment was found within a grouping
of amino acids that is made in parallel with the protein involved in attachment
of the virus to cells. Called the "Delta peptide," it has been shown recently to
block the Ebola virus from attaching to already-infected cells. The new findings
suggest that Delta peptide possibly functions by changing membrane permeability.
Following his discovery, Dr. Gallaher contacted Robert Garry, PhD, Professor of
Microbiology and Immunology at Tulane University School of Medicine, a longtime
collaborator, to produce a structural model and potential mechanism of action.
The results of that modeling work were fashioned into a manuscript that was
subjected to rigorous peer view by experts in the field and are being made
public only after acceptance into a special issue on "Advances in Ebolavirus,
Marburgvirus, and Cuevavirus Research 2014-2015" in Viruses. Although
preliminary studies using synthetic peptides have confirmed the potential of the
fragment, its specific role and potency in its natural environment within Ebola
virus-infected cells are yet to be determined. However, Dr. Gallaher and his
colleagues have determined how to deactivate the toxic properties of the Ebola
protein fragment in the laboratory environment. He and his colleagues are also
developing inhibitors of the toxic mechanism, which may ultimately be useful as
drugs, should a role for Delta peptide in Ebola virus disease become established
by future studies. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
(CDC), the 2014 Ebola epidemic is the largest in history, affecting multiple
countries in West Africa. Two imported cases, including one death, and two
locally acquired cases in healthcare workers have been reported in the United
States. As of January 16, 2015, the CDC and World Health Organization report
13,510 laboratory-confirmed cases and 8,483 deaths worldwide.


LSU Health New Orleans awarded $2.2 million to support young breast cancer
survivors

   Nov 03, 2014

   The LSU Health New Orleans School of Public Health has been awarded a $2.2
million grant to increase the availability of health information and support
services for young breast cancer survivors in the Gulf South.The funding,
awarded by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention over five years, will
support the development and implementation of strategic and integrated
multi-media health education and awareness campaigns to address their health
information needs.A three-state coalition -- Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama
called the Gulf States Young Breast Cancer Survivors Network -- will be formed.
Donna Williams, DrPH, Associate Professor and Director of LSU Health New Orleans
School of Public Health's Cancer Prevention and Control Programs, is the
principal investigator and will lead the coalition. Partners also include Mary
Bird Cancer Center, the University of Mississippi Medical Center and the
University of Alabama-Birmingham School of Nursing. They will work together to
develop and disseminate pertinent and culturally sensitive health information
via social media. The goal is to empower young breast cancer survivors to
advocate for their care and access the services they need, resulting in
increased quality of life. Messages will address family history and genetic
risks, psychosocial health and support, reproductive health and fertility,
family support, health monitoring and evidence-based preventive lifestyle
behaviors like maintaining a healthy weight, reducing tobacco use and excessive
alcohol use. While breast cancer diagnosis and treatment are difficult for women
of any age, young survivors may find it overwhelming. Younger women diagnosed
with breast cancer have unique needs. In addition to the tendency to have more
aggressive disease, many are faced with issues related to working and developing
careers or going to school, maintaining relationships and raising young
families. The initiative builds upon and expands LSU Health New Orleans School
of Public Health's successful SurviveDat Program, an online resource created in
partnership with the Mary Bird Perkins Cancer Center three years ago. Content
will be based upon the needs assessment conducted by LSU Health New Orleans
School of Public Health through its Survive Dat and Louisiana Tumor Registry
programs. More than 100 participating young breast cancer survivors indicated a
desire for clarity on issues such as genetic counseling and testing, fertility,
premature menopause, psychosocial support, and relationships and dating. A
communications plan will direct the kinds of messages and content to be
developed and the timelines for deployment. All common messages will be pushed
from LSU Health New Orleans, the central site, across state platforms. Each
state will develop local resource lists and events. Straightforward materials
for health care and service providers will be developed to direct women to the
network. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, about 11%
of all new cases of breast cancer in the United States are found in women
younger than 45 years of age. New cases of breast cancer in women under age 45
totaled 4,380 in Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama from 2007-2011. Forty
percent of cases were in African American women. While all three states were
below the national average for the incidence of breast cancer from 2006- 2010,
Louisiana ranked second in the U.S. in deaths from breast cancer, and
Mississippi ranked fifth. The Gulf States also ranked fourth, fifth and sixth in
deaths from breast cancer for women under 50. For African-American women,
Louisiana ranked fourth in deaths from breast cancer.


LSUHSC awarded $5.6 million NCI grant to save lives and boost economy

   Aug 07, 2014

   LSU Health Sciences Center New Orleans has been awarded a grant in the amount
of $5,604,440 over five years to build a regional cancer clinical trials
network. While open to all cancer patients, the focus of the Gulf South
Minority/Underserved NCI Community Oncology Research Program is minority and
underserved patients who die at higher rates from cancer than others.This
comprehensive cancer-management program creates a network of physicians, nurses
and researchers from major teaching and private medical institutions in
Louisiana and Mississippi to deliver the latest promising investigational
treatments for cancer."The LSUHSC-NO Gulf South Minority/Underserved National
Cancer Institute Community Oncology Research Program will allow minority and
underserved cancer patients in Louisiana and the Gulf South access to
state-of-the-art clinical trials, vastly improving their chances of recovery,"
said F. King Alexander, LSU president and chancellor. LSU Health Sciences Center
New Orleans partnered with LSU Health Shreveport and Mary Bird Perkins Cancer
Center to successfully compete for the grant, one of only 12 of its kind in the
country funded by the National Cancer Institute. The Gulf South NCORP clinical
trials network currently includes 25 clinical sites across Louisiana and
Mississippi, covering 80% of the population of Louisiana and portions of the
Mississippi Gulf Coast. More clinical sites will be added as the program
develops to provide access to advanced cancer care to all of our citizens. "The
program allows oncologists in many community hospitals to provide treatment to
patients closer to home, helping reduce expenses and keeping patients and
families closer together," notes Dr. Larry Hollier, Chancellor of LSU Health
Sciences Center New Orleans. In addition to the potentially life-saving health
benefits, this initiative will boost economic health. "Expanded clinical trials
will create jobs for physicians, nurses, health care personnel and researchers
in Louisiana," adds Dr. Steve Nelson, Dean of the LSU Health Sciences Center New
Orleans School of Medicine. "The initiative will enhance the biomedical and
clinical workforce in our state and region by increasing the number of
professionals experienced in conducting health disparities research, developing
cancer care delivery capabilities, and implementing advanced clinical trials."
Pharmaceutical companies will have more opportunities to participate in the new
biomedical and clinical research programs and the new health care facilities
developing in Louisiana. It has been estimated that this kind of activity could
bring in many millions of additional dollars over the grant period as well.
Estimates range from $10 million to $30 million. "The GS-MU-NCORP is the result
of a concerted effort by clinical and research leaders from the Cancer Centers
at LSU-New Orleans and Shreveport and the Mary Bird Perkins Cancer Center to
create a network of centers that can provide access to cutting-edge treatments
for cancer patients in the Gulf South region," notes the grant's Principal
Investigator, Dr. Augusto Ochoa, Director of the LSUHSC New Orleans Stanley S.
Scott Cancer Center. "It provides access to high-quality research studies to
patients closer to home, where family, friends and their support system is
available. The GS-MU-NCORP is also a major step in addressing the health
disparities caused by cancer among our citizens, especially minorities, and
establishes new opportunities for cancer care in the region." This new NCORP
funding replaces and expands the LSUHSC New Orleans Minority-Based Community
Clinical Oncology Program, an award-winning program addressing health
disparities in cancer for the past 20 years. The NCORP program significantly
expands those efforts and provides additional benefits. It expands programs in
cancer prevention, screening and survivorship programs to improve early
diagnosis and treatment as well as to help patients cope with the extended
process of recovering from cancer. Advancing ongoing research, the initiative is
also a major step in addressing the health disparities in the region. According
to LSUHSC New Orleans' Louisiana Tumor Registry, the incidence rates for cancers
of all sites combined among white and black men as well as black women in
Louisiana were significantly higher than those for their national counterparts.
In contrast, the rate for white women in the state was significantly lower than
nationwide. Statewide, each of the four major race/sex groups had a
significantly higher death rate for all sites combined than its national
counterpart. "We are excited to be one of the initial sites participating in
this research effort. This is the first time we have a public-private
partnership such as this that will bring cutting-edge cancer research treatments
to the entire state," said Glenn Mills, MD, FACP, Director of the Feist-Weiller
Cancer Center on the campus of LSU Health Shreveport. "Our goal through this
collaboration is to leverage our leadership and experience to help fight cancer
in local Louisiana communities," said Renea Duffin, vice president of cancer
support and outreach for Mary Bird Perkins Cancer Center and Co-Principal
Investigator for the grant. "Along with our strong LSU academic partners and the
substantial resources of NCI, we look forward to helping patients get the
leading-edge care they need today and developing the treatments and cures for
tomorrow."
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Company Product Pipeline Analysis
Events                                  Investments
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 10, 2013 Sunday

Senate wants healthy food push to honor Bennie Turner

BYLINE: Bobby Harrison, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 418 words


March 10--JACKSON --Studies indicate people who live in poverty have less access
to fresh fruits and vegetables, adding to the state's obesity problem.

To combat that problem, the Legislature is considering the Healthy Food Retail
Act that would put mechanisms in place to help locate healthy food outlets, such
as farmer's markets, in underserved areas of the state.

More than likely, the legislation is heading to conference where House and
Senate leaders will hammer out a final version. The Senate has voted to name the
act the Bennie L. Turner Healthy Food Retail Act.

Turner, D-West Point, served in the state Senate from 1993 until his death in
November.

Sen. John Horhn, D-Jackson, who authored the amendment to name the act after
Turner, described it "as a fitting tribute" because Turner had authored similar
legislation in past sessions and "he was a strong advocate for people eating as
healthy as possible, especially fresh fruits and vegetables."

Sen. Gray Tollison, R-Oxford, said the goal of the legislation is to create
within the Mississippi Development Authority a program to locate loans and
grants to attract fresh fruit outlets, especially farmers' markets, to poor
communities that often are referred to as "food deserts" because of the lack of
grocery stores that provide fresh, healthy foods. Such food deserts can be found
in both rural and urban areas, Tollison said. They are particularly prevalent in
the Mississippi Delta.

The legislation does not include any state funding at this time.

According to research by the Partnership for a Healthy Mississippi, which was
part of the Mississippi Grocery Access Task Force that studied the lack of
healthy food options, the state spent $925 million in 2008 on obesity-related
health care costs. The figure is expected to balloon to $3.9 billion by 2018 if
the trends are not reversed, according to research from the federal Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention.

"We understand the obesity epidemic will not be solved by a magic bullet,"
Sandra Shelson, executive director of the Partnership for a Healthy Mississippi
said earlier this session. "The approach to the epidemic must be a comprehensive
one that mirrors the work in tobacco prevention.

"Access to fresh and healthy foods is one element to solving this epidemic."

bobby.harrison@journalinc.com

___ (c)2013 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130310-TP-HLT-Senate-wants-healthy-food-push-to-honor-Bennie-Turner-0310-20130
310

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2013 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            November 3, 2006 Friday

Northwest launches holiday fare sale

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 749 words


Northwest Airlines launched a holiday fare sale on Thursday, including a handful
of "Super Bargain Days" aimed at filling its planes during November and
December. It's the first time in two years that Northwest has launched a
domestic fare sale. Some of the fares include $89 one-way from Milwaukee to
Philadelphia, and $99 one-way from Detroit to Dallas-Fort Worth. The cheapest
fares require travel on Thanksgiving or the day after, with a return trip the
following Wednesday. The other "Super Bargain Day" falls on Christmas. Smaller
discounts are spread between Nov. 16 and Jan. 8. The fares require a seven-day
advance purchase for travel between Nov. 16 and Jan. 8, with a two-day minimum
stay.

Fewer NWA flights on time in September

Northwest Airlines ranked 14th out of 20 airlines for on-time performance in
September, according to the U.S. Department of Transportation. The DOT reported
that 73.8 percent of Northwest Airlines' flights arrived on time ? within 15
minutes of schedule. That compares with 74.8 percent in September 2005, which
earned it last place. The average for the 20 airlines this September was 76.22
percent. Northwest ranked sixth for the amount of baggage mishandled, with 5.4
reports for every 1,000 customers, up from 3.9 in September 2005. The average
was 8.25 percent. The number of complaints against Northwest in September fell
almost in half to 0.65 percent of every 100,000 passengers who boarded a plane,
from 1.2 percent a year earlier. The average was 0.82 percent.

State to offer funds for Ford workers

Minnesota will match up to $3 million in federal funds to create
career-advancement accounts for workers affected by the closure of the St. Paul
Ford plant, with funds for the first year available in January. The U.S.
Department of Labor said last week that Minnesota is one of five states that
will use the funding to help dislocated workers in the automotive industry,
including those in small businesses and supplier companies. Each qualified
worker will be eligible for a maximum amount of $3,000 for one year, and the
grant may be renewed for one additional year. The Minnesota Department of
Employment and Economic Development will administer the program.

NAMES

Tennant, a Golden Valley-based maker of floor-maintenance equipment, named Karel
Huijser vice president, international. ? George Hoedeman has been named chief
executive officer of Access Genetics, a privately held Eden Prairie-based
provider of molecular diagnostic services. ? Bloomington-based professional
services firm RSM McGladrey has named Tom Dobosenski executive vice president of
consulting.

BRIEFLY

Canterbury Park Holding Corp., the Shakopee-based operator of the Canterbury
Park horse track, said its board authorized the repurchase of up to 100,000
shares of the company's common stock. The company had about 4.1 million shares
of common stock outstanding as of Sept. 30. ... Medicare must cut its payments
to Minnetonka-based UnitedHealthGroup, Humana and other companies that
coordinate benefits for the federal health-care plan's beneficiaries, U.S.
Representative Pete Stark said. The California Democrat said Medicare overpays
these companies by 10 to 15 percent. Stark will lead a panel that oversees
Medicare if his party gains control of the House in the Nov. 7 election....
Tonka Bay Equity Partners invested $4 million in micro-plastic component maker
Accu-Mold of Ankeny, Iowa. The Minnetonka private-equity fund joined with
management of Accu-Mold and another private-investment group to recapitalize the
company.

INSIDER TRADES

Best Buy Co.: Ronald James, director, bought 1,000 shares Oct. 11 at $56.06 per
share; holds 3,500 shares. Richard Schulze, chairman, sold 432,000 shares Oct. 9
at $55.56 per share, 10(b) 5-1 Plan; holds 73,149,919 shares.

Buffalo Wild Wings Inc.: Mary Twinem, chief financial officer, sold 1,000 shares
Oct. 9 at $38.71 per share, 10(b) 5-1 Plan; holds 21,811 shares. Warren Mack,
director, sold 5,000 shares Oct. 26 at $49.91-$50.03 per share, option related;
holds 40,179 shares. James Schmidt, vice president, sold 4,355 shares Oct. 26 at
$49.40 per share, option related; holds 2,983 shares. Kenneth Dahlberg, director
and beneficial owner, sold 85,000 shares Oct. 30 at $49.80-$49.86 per share;
holds 576,610 shares.

Trading of company stock reported to the Securities and Exchange Commission,
according to Bloomberg News; holdings include only common shares owned and do
not include stock warrants or options.

-- Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            October 17, 2010 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

State's firms up pay to lobbyists;
Southern Co., Coke top list of those spending despite economic crisis.

BYLINE: Bob Keefe; Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1040 words


WASHINGTON --- Three years ago, Congress passed tough rules aimed at lessening
the ways lobbyists can influence politicians.

But one thing hasn't slowed: The flow of money to lobbyists from companies and
other organizations trying to influence legislation that could affect them.

At a time when the economy has most industries hurting, the business of lobbying
is booming, and Georgia-based businesses such as Coca-Cola Co. and Southern Co.
want to make sure their voices are heard.

Atlanta-based Coca-Cola and its affiliated companies, for instance, paid
Washington lobbyists about $6.3 million in the first half of this year alone ---
double what they spent in the comparable period last year, according to public
records.

The rise in spending on lobbyists by Coca-Cola and its affiliates coincided with
a rise in legislation that could have affected the company, such as a proposed
tax on soft drinks, new school nutrition guidelines and environmental
legislation affecting water use.

Southern Co., the Atlanta energy giant, is the biggest spender on lobbying from
Georgia. The parent of Georgia Power spent $7.4 million on Washington lobbyists
in the first half of this year, according to public records, on everything from
fighting carbon cap-and-trade legislation to promoting nuclear power programs
and other issues. It spent a little more than that in the comparable period last
year.

Overall this year, spending on lobbying activities is expected to reach $4
billion by some estimates. That's more than $1 billion more than was spent in
2007, when Congress passed the Honest Leadership and Open Government Act.

The act prohibits lobbyists from giving gifts to members of Congress or
traveling with senators, and requiring new public disclosures. It does nothing
to limit how much money organizations can spend on lobbyists to meet with
politicians or try to influence legislation.

"It's a very lucrative business," said Amy McKay, a Georgia State University
assistant professor who researches lobbying and its effects.

Driving the rise in spending on lobbying is the slew of initiatives introduced
by President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats over the past two years
--- health care and financial industry overhaul legislation, the school
nutrition programs and cap-and-trade, to name a few.

Companies that have put money into lobbying have seen some success. The soft
drink tax proposal and the cap-and-trade legislation haven't materialized;
Southern got federal financial guarantees for new nuclear reactors at its Plant
Vogtle operation in Georgia; and a proposal that would have banned soft drinks
from schools was supplanted with industry-designed guidelines.

Consumer advocates say the flow of money to Washington lobbyists can be
worrisome.

"It's certainly a warning sign," said Steve Ellis of Taxpayers for Common Sense,
a nonprofit government watchdog group. "You have to be concerned as a taxpayer
that these numbers are kicking up and wonder why so many people are out there
paying so much to talk to Congress."

Those who spend so much on lobbying say it's a necessary part of doing business.

"The reason you hire a lobbyist is because the government is doing something to
you or for you every day," said Dave Wenhold, president of the American League
of Lobbyists. "And if you can't be here yourself, you have to hire someone here
to look out for your interests."

Karyn Harrington, spokeswoman for Coca-Cola North America, said when there is
proposed legislation that could affect the company, "we have a responsibility to
our employees, share owners and other stakeholders to protect the jobs and
investments in our business."

Likewise, Southern Co. spokeswoman Valerie Hendrickson said her company's
lobbying spending could ultimately benefit consumers.

"Legislative and regulatory proposals that impact our capital expenditures may
also impact our customers," Hendrickson said. "Therefore, it is important that
we are engaged in the legislative [and] regulatory process."

Spending on lobbyists

Here's a sampling of some of the biggest spenders on lobbying from Georgia:

Company or organization

Headquarters

Amount spent January - June 2010

Lobbying issues

Southern Co. /Southern Co. Services

Atlanta

$7.4 mil.

Climate change legislation; nuclear waste disposal; credit card holders' bill of
rights; cybersecurity; railroad antitrust regulations

Coca-Cola Co. /Coca-Cola Enterprises

Atlanta

$6.34 mil.

Health care legislation; child nutrition regulations; menu labeling legislation;
taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages; foreign tax issues; water regulations

Aflac

Columbus

$4.1 mil.

Financial, health care regulation; Japanese insurance regulations; trade
regulations

United Parcel Service

Atlanta

$3.4 mil.

FAA reauthorization; climate change regulation; labor law changes; foreign trade

Delta Air Lines

Atlanta

$2.5 mil.

Airline Passenger Bill of Rights legislation; air carrier alliance regulations

Cox Enterprises

(a communications, auto services and media company whose holdings include The
Atlanta Journal-Constitution)

Atlanta

$1.5 mil.

Internet advertising; television, radio and newspaper issues; pension reform

Home Depot

Atlanta

$756,000

Organized retail crime prevention legislation; energy-efficiency rules;
credit-card legislation

Intercontinental Exchange

Atlanta

$560,000

Financial industry overhaul legislation

Select Management Resources

Alpharetta

$560,000

Financial industry overhaul legislation

NCR Corp.

Duluth

$490,000

Departments of Labor, HHS, Education appropriations; health facilities and
services program grants

Equifax

Atlanta

$390,000

Financial industry overhaul legislation; consumer protection; Section 8 housing
voucher reform

University of Georgia

Athens

$340,000

Departments of Defense, Labor, Transportation and HHS funding bills; bioenergy
program funding

Georgia Tech

Atlanta

$160,000

Defense, science appropriations; robotics research funding; water research
funding

City of Atlanta

$130,000

Aviation policy; airport funding; transportation issues

Fulton County

$100,000

Recovery Act; sustainable communities; urban parks; infrastructure funding;
foreclosure legislation

Cobb County

$60,000

Funding for transportation, public safety and homeland security improvement

Gwinnett County

$50,000

Transportation funding

Source: U.S. Senate lobbying disclosure database

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Copyright (c) 1996 South Carolina Bar
                             South Carolina Lawyer

                            November/December, 1996

                             8 S. Carolina Lawyer 7

LENGTH: 1342 words

DEPARTMENT: BAR NEWS

TEXT:

    [*7]  BOARD MEETS

   The Board of Governors met on August 30 via conference call.

   Efforts to encourage the public to support the constitutional amendment that
would create the Judicial Merit Selection Commission were discussed. It was the
consensus that the Bar should take efforts to publicize the amendment.

   The Board of Governors also met on October 3. The following items were among
those discussed.

   President Dave A. Merline reported on meetings with Attorney General Charles
Condon and Judges Byars, Floyd and Rucker.

   Dan A. Collins, Insurance Programs for Lawyers Committee chair, gave a brief
presentation on group medical insurance options. Collins reported that the group
plan with Physicians Health Plan (PHP) continues to grow, both in number of
persons covered and physicians participating in the network. He addressed
benefits provided by the plan including: fully funded one-way refund agreement
allowing the plan to build on its surplus; the flexibility to be treated by
physicians outside the network; improved claims process; and increased member
enrollment.

   Willis Corroon Representative Robin Hook Rigdon stated that bids from other
carriers had been solicited but that many carriers declined to quote association
plans or could not quote competitive rates.

   The Board also approved the following:

   . The appointment of Richard E. Miley to the Judicial Qualifications
Committee.

   . Requests from the Technology Committee to authorize the filing of a grant
application for Phase Two funding of the Bar's Web site and to include a
technology survey in the next mailing of license fee statements.

   . A request from the Service to Indigents Committee for a license fee
increase earmarked for indigent legal services. The request, which includes an
opt out provision, will be taken up by the House of Delegates in January.

   - A request from the Health Care Law Committee for authorization to pursue
mobile mammogram screening for Bar members, spouses and staff of the Bar and law
firms.

   - A request from the Judicial Qualifications Committee for amendment of its
Rules of Procedure to provide for consistent criteria underlying evaluations of
unopposed incumbents and others.

   - A request from the Bar Foundation to add options to become Fellows to the
license fee statement.

   - A request from the Young Lawyers Division to permit solicitation of
contributions to underwrite a national program for divisions from all states.

   During a lunch, the Board met with local county bar leaders and gave progress
reports on the Bar's Strategic Plan.

HONORS

   T. Eugene Allen III has been elected regional vice president of the
Federation of Insurance and Corporate Counsel.

   Stephen K. Benjamin has been selected to serve as a member of the Board of
Visitors of the University of South Carolina.

   Rita Bragg Cullum was one of 21 women honored at the Columbia YWCA's Tribute
to Women and Industry luncheon.

   Dalton B. Floyd Jr. has been elected commissioner for Higher Education for
the First Congressional District.

   Helen Nelson Grant has been elected chair of the Board of Trustees for
Columbia College. She is the youngest person and the first African-American to
serve as chair of the 142-year-old women's college.

   Deborah D. Hottel has been elected to the International Tribunal of the Phi
Alpha Delta Law Fraternity.

   G. G. Howard has been elected president of the Columbia Forum, a leadership
service organization.

   R. William Metzger Jr. has been elected president of the South Carolina
Bankruptcy Law Association. He was also recently elected to serve as chairman of
the Creditors Rights and Bankruptcy Section of Commercial Law Affiliates.

   Neil C. Robinson Jr. has been awarded The Order of the Palmetto by Governor
David Beasley for his distinguished service as president of  [*8]  the
Southeastern Wildlife Exposition and president of the South Carolina Tourism
Council.

   Hyman S. Rubin Jr. has been awarded the Distinguished Community Service Award
by the Columbia Jewish Federation for his various civic activities.

   Nina Nelson Smith has been elected to the Executive Council of the National
Conference of Bar Presidents.

   F. Hall Yarborough has been named Citizen of the Year by the Orangeburg
Kiwanis Club for his continued service to his community and state.

   Kenneth E. Young has been re-elected to the ABA House of Delegates.

DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS

   On July 9, the Court suspended Shiryl R. Gantt Ballard. She voluntarily
returned her license to practice law after being suspended for non-payment of
Bar dues.

   On July 15, Ben G. Leaphart and John I. Mauldin consented to a definite
suspension based on guilty pleas of failing to make and file a state income tax
return. The Court found that each had committed a criminal act that reflected
adversely upon his honesty, trustworthiness and fitness as a lawyer and engaged
in conduct tending to bring the courts and the legal profession into disrepute.

   On August 12, John J. McDonough III consented to disbarment. The Court found
that he had failed to obtain a written retainer fee and contingency fee
agreement from a client; mishandled client funds; intentionally misled a client
as to the safekeeping of funds and disposition of a case; and provided false
information to members of the Board of Commissioners on Grievances and
Discipline. Petition for reinstatement will be contingent on reimbursement to
all institutions and individuals defrauded, including the Lawyers' Fund for
Client Protection.

   On August 22, the Court temporarily suspended David Reed Thompson. Kenneth C.
Krawcheck was appointed to protect the interests of his clients.

   On August 23, the Court temporarily suspended Verdell Barr.

   On September 23, Peter F. Them II consented to a definite suspension based on
guilty a plea of failing to make and file a state income tax return. The Court
found that he had committed a criminal act that reflected adversely upon his
honesty, trustworthiness and fitness as a lawyer and engaged in conduct tending
to bring the courts and the legal profession into disrepute.

   On September 25, the Court temporarily suspended Mark Victor Evans based on a
guilty plea to driving under the influence and causing a death.

   On September 26, the Court temporarily suspended John M. Foster  [*6]  based
on a plea to failing to make and file a state income tax return.

   On October 4, the Court temporarily suspended Thomas A.M. Boggs based on a
guilty plea to failing to make and file a state income tax return.

   On October 7, the Court disbarred Edward A. Fennell. The Court found that he
had violated the terms of his oath of office and was in default for not filing
an answer or any evidence in his attorney grievance matter.

DISABILITY STATUS

   On July 24, Eric Peter Nelson was transferred by the Court to disability
inactive status with the understanding that any disciplinary proceedings against
him would proceed.

   On September 9, Ivey P. Starks was transferred by the Court to disability
inactive status.

RESIGNATION

   On July 12, the Court accepted the resignation of George Thaddeus Williams of
Columbia. Williams has tendered a letter of resignation.

REINSTATEMENT

   On September 4, the Court reinstated M.M. Weinberg III to the practice of
law.

DECEASED

   C. Eugene Donnelly of Bradenton, Fla. died June 19. He graduated from the
Vanderbilt School of Law and was admitted to the Bar in 1950.

   Stephen R. Moore of Florence died August 5. He graduated from the University
of South Carolina School of Law and was admitted to the Bar in 1966.

   Robert W. Shand of Asheville, N.C. died September 10. He graduated from the
University of South Carolina School of Law and was admitted to the Bar in 1928.

   Barney O. Smith Jr. of Greenville died August 28. He graduated from the
University of South Carolina School of Law and was admitted to the Bar in 1976.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Bankruptcy LawCase AdministrationProfessional ServicesCompensationGeneral
OverviewEducation LawDiscriminationDisability DiscriminationGeneral OverviewTax
LawState & Local TaxesEstate & Gift TaxGeneral Overview


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 14, 2014 Monday

Helen (Brown) Dunham

LENGTH: 385 words

DATELINE: ELLSWORTH


Helen (Brown) Dunham, 84, died April 13th, 2014 at an Ellsworth health care
facility. She was born August 25th, 1929, in Brewer. She was the first of 6
children born to Alice and Herbert Brown of Orrington.


Helen attended Orrington schools and then graduated from Brewer High School in
1947. Subsequently, she attended and graduated from Husson College where she
belonged to Epsilon Delta Alumni Sorority and was Captain of the Hiking Team.
She married the love of her life, Harland Dunham, on June 18th, 1949. Together,
they raised two children, Roanne and Alan. Helen worked for New England
Telephone Company for 27 years before her retirement in 1986. She was a longtime
member of the Jasper N Keller Chapter of Retired Telephone Pioneers and served
as President of that Chapter for 7 years raising money for many charities. Helen
was a member of the Franklin Street United Methodist Church in Bucksport, for
over 30 years. She enjoyed hiking in Acadia National Park on the Carriage trails
with her husband and friends, listening to the loons at camp on Molasses Pond,
and going for picnics at Newbury Neck. She was also an accomplished cook and
enjoyed cooking for family dinners and get togethers.


She is survived by her husband of 64 years, Harland: her daughter, Roanne Dunham
and her husband, Robert Cox; her son, Alan Dunham and his wife, Mary;
grandchildren, Amy Nelson and husband, Ian, Nicole Wheeler and husband, David,
Marcus Dunham and significant other, Danielle Morrow. She is also survived by
her siblings, Marie Honey and husband, Earle, Philip Brown, Noel Brown and his
wife, Doris, Janet Eirish and her husband, Bill. There are many nieces and
nephews also surviving. She was predeceased by her brother, Newell Brown.


A memorial service will be held 2 p.m. Saturday, April 19th, 2014 at the
Franklin Street United Methodist Church in Bucksport, with Pastor Peter Remick
presiding. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made in Helen's name to either:
Champ Camp for Children with Cancer, c/o Bangor YMCA, 17 Second St., Bangor, ME
04401 Att Diane Dickerson, or Camp Mechuwana Scholarship Fund, c/o Franklin
Street United Methodist Church, PO Box 1727, Bucksport, ME 04416. Arrangements
are under the care of Mitchell-Tweedie Funeral Home and Cremation Services,
Bucksport. mitchelltweedie-young.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 14, 2014 Monday

Helen (Brown) Dunham

LENGTH: 385 words

DATELINE: ELLSWORTH


Helen (Brown) Dunham, 84, died April 13th, 2014 at an Ellsworth health care
facility. She was born August 25th, 1929, in Brewer. She was the first of 6
children born to Alice and Herbert Brown of Orrington.


Helen attended Orrington schools and then graduated from Brewer High School in
1947. Subsequently, she attended and graduated from Husson College where she
belonged to Epsilon Delta Alumni Sorority and was Captain of the Hiking Team.
She married the love of her life, Harland Dunham, on June 18th, 1949. Together,
they raised two children, Roanne and Alan. Helen worked for New England
Telephone Company for 27 years before her retirement in 1986. She was a longtime
member of the Jasper N Keller Chapter of Retired Telephone Pioneers and served
as President of that Chapter for 7 years raising money for many charities. Helen
was a member of the Franklin Street United Methodist Church in Bucksport, for
over 30 years. She enjoyed hiking in Acadia National Park on the Carriage trails
with her husband and friends, listening to the loons at camp on Molasses Pond,
and going for picnics at Newbury Neck. She was also an accomplished cook and
enjoyed cooking for family dinners and get togethers.


She is survived by her husband of 64 years, Harland: her daughter, Roanne Dunham
and her husband, Robert Cox; her son, Alan Dunham and his wife, Mary;
grandchildren, Amy Nelson and husband, Ian, Nicole Wheeler and husband, David,
Marcus Dunham and significant other, Danielle Morrow. She is also survived by
her siblings, Marie Honey and husband, Earle, Philip Brown, Noel Brown and his
wife, Doris, Janet Eirish and her husband, Bill. There are many nieces and
nephews also surviving. She was predeceased by her brother, Newell Brown.


A memorial service will be held 2 p.m. Saturday, April 19th, 2014 at the
Franklin Street United Methodist Church in Bucksport, with Pastor Peter Remick
presiding. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made in Helen's name to either:
Champ Camp for Children with Cancer, c/o Bangor YMCA, 17 Second St., Bangor, ME
04401 Att Diane Dickerson, or Camp Mechuwana Scholarship Fund, c/o Franklin
Street United Methodist Church, PO Box 1727, Bucksport, ME 04416. Arrangements
are under the care of Mitchell-Tweedie Funeral Home and Cremation Services,
Bucksport. mitchelltweedie-young.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Bangor Daily News


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       April 23, 2002 Tuesday 2D EDITION

Hospital charity in good health Denver Health nets $ 350,000

BYLINE: Joanne Davidson, SEEN,

SECTION: SCN; Pg. F-02

LENGTH: 685 words


A construction site is no place for a black-tie gala, so the  2002 Denver Health
Gala was held in a hotel ballroom. But  centerpieces made from gilded ladders,
hard-hats and shovels let  guests know that they were helping the city's
safety-net  healthcare provider increase its capacity to provide quality care
for all who need it.

The money that was raised - $ 350,000 at last count - goes  toward the
construction of a four-story addition that, when it is  done in 2003, will
contain patient rooms; medical and surgical  intensive-care units; and expanded,
upgraded areas for orthopedic,  physical therapy and occupational therapy
clinics.

The Western Addition, noted Evan Makovsky, chairman of the  Denver Health
Foundation board, is much more than bricks and  mortar. It represents a
'commitment to provide the best possible  care, the best professional education
and the best clinical  research of any safety net institution in the nation.'

As for the gala itself, it was 'Denver Health's version of  prom night,'
according to Terry Scholes. Looking out at the  800-plus who'd gathered in the
Adam's Mark Hotel Grand Ballroom,  he noted that support had come from all
corners. 'The engineering  department alone put together five tables; pediatrics
has two. We  also have doctors, politicians, business leaders and former
patients.'

Scholes, the owner-president of the Terry Scholes Agency and  president-elect of
the Denver Health Foundation board, chaired the  gala's corporate committee with
Steve Clark of S.B. Clark Public  Finance Consulting.

All too often, a live auction can halt the momentum of a  fundraising gala. Too
many items or an inexperienced auctioneer  can cause people to lose interest and
drift away from the  proceedings.

Not so with this one, as Jerry Hodge, the former mayor of  Amarillo, Texas, and
president of Maxor National, arrived with his  own auctioneer, spotters and a
singer to generate interest in a  city-slicker, cattle-drive weekend at his High
Card Ranch. The  singer also could yodel, so he also introduced another item up
for  bid: a trip to Germany for Oktoberfest that had been donated by  Lufthansa
Airlines, Denver Health Medical Plan and Choice Sedans.

In the social hour that preceded the roast lamb and raspberry  Bavarian dinner,
Denver Health's director of emergency medical  services, Dr. Vince Markovchick,
there with his wife, Leslie,  updated Bill Coors and Rita Bass on Denver
Health's new Rocky  Mountain Center for the Medical Response to Terrorism, Mass
  Casualties and Epidemics.

He said that emergency doctors from all over the nation,  including those from
the military's elite Delta Force, are coming  to Denver Health for training in
these areas. 'That's why this new  building is so important,' Markovchick said.
'So we can do more of  it.'

The guests also included Denver Health Medical Director and  CEO Patricia Gabow;
chief financial officer Frank Barrett and his  wife, Sheila; chief operating
officer Stephanie Thomas and her  husband, Grant; University of Colorado Medical
School Dean Richard  Krugman and his wife, Mary; auction chair Barbara Burry and
her  husband, Sherman; Adolph Coors Foundation Director Sally Rippey  and her
husband, Gordon; pollster Floyd and K.K. Ciruli; Dr. Frank  and Marty Judson;
Vicki and Collie Norman; Drs. Bill and Susan  Hiatt; Elite Auto Glass owner Wes
Topping and his wife, Kay;  dentist Julika Ambrose; Dr. Dean Prina and Michael
Porto; Bob and  Jody Phelps (he's the new managing director of JPMorgan Chase);
  Drs. John and Karen Repine; AT&T Broadband's Bob Willis and his  wife,
Javonni; Jim and Kathryn Kaiser; Allen and Susan Liebgott;  Mary Pat Link and
John Strohm; Jim and Carole McCotter; Mary  Vessels; and Drs. Gene Moore and
Sarah Van Deuzer.

Denver Post Society Editor Joanne Davidson's column appears  every day except
Saturday. E-mail her at jmdpost@aol.com. For  listings of upcoming society
events, go to  www.denverpost.com/calendar


LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Photos Special to The Denver Post/David Zalubowski Above: Steve
Clark, left, Drs. Elaine Scholes and Patty Gabow, and Terry Scholes. Below:
Auction chairwoman Barbara Burry.

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 21, 1988, Monday, Final Edition

APPOINTMENTS

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE F9; NEWSMAKERS

LENGTH: 889 words


ASSOCIATIONS

The National Private Trucking Association of Alexandria has named Karen M.
MacArthur director of marketing.

David G. Rosensteel has been named director of finance and administration for
the National Federation of Business and Professional Women of Washington.

The Computer Dealers and Lessors Association Inc. of Washington has appointed
Ned W. Livornese assistant executive director.


BANKING, FINANCIAL SERVICES

John W. Harshaw has been named president of the Washington-based American League
of Financial Institutions.

Dominion Federal Savings & Loan Association of McLean has promoted Patrice G.
Goss to vice president of warehousing.

The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. of Reston named Jo Ann Pierson vice
president of regional operations.

Robert L. Bonifant has been named regional executive officer at Sovran
Bank/Maryland of Bethesda.


COMMUNICATIONS

Joe C. Culp has been elected president and chief executive officer of Lightnet,
a Rockville-based fiber optic telecommunications company.

Communications Satellite Corp. of Washington has named William C. Taylor vice
president and general manager for Comsat's Intelsat Satellite Services and
Ronald J. Mario vice president and general manager of Comsat's Maritime
Services.

WETACOM Inc., a Washington-based video communications company, has named Leanne
Norton account executive.

New Dominion of Arlington has appointed Heidi L. Stone circulation manager.


COMPUTERS, HIGH TECHNOLOGY

Verdix Corp. of Chantilly has appointed Steve Hodges vice president of sales and
marketing.

Private TransAtlantic Telecommunications System Inc. of McLean has appointed Al
McCormick vice president of operations.

Brian Lindman has joined CompuDyne Corp. of Annapolis as marketing
administrator.


GOVERNMENT

The Federal Communications Commission of Washington has promoted Stephen
Klitzman to associate director of legislative affairs.


HEALTH

International Recruitment of Nurses Inc., an Annandale firm that recruits and
employs immigrant nurses, has named Helen A. White president.

Ann Vengrofski has joined MGH Health Services Inc. of Olney as vice president of
corporate development.

Gerald L. Good has been elected president of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of
Virginia in Richmond.

Dr. Martin B. Bauman has been named president of the Capital Area Permanente
Medical Group and medical director of the Kaiser Permanente Health Care Program
of the Mid-Atlantic States Region, which is based in Washington. Kaiser
Permanente also promoted Robert S. Blair Jr. to director of optical operations.


HOTEL, FOOD SERVICES

The Potomac Hotel Group of Arlington has named Miguel Coder vice president of
operations.

The Willard Inter-Continental of Washington has appointed Dieter Schorner pastry
chief and Neeru Dhawan sales manager for the executive club.


NONPROFIT

The Wolf Trap Foundation of Vienna elected Earle C. Williams, president of BDM
International Inc., chairman of its board.

The Uplift Foundation Inc., a Washington nonprofit organization that provides
scholarships and grants to minority high school graduates, has elected Solomon
T. Miles Sr., Marion P. Miles, Thomasine M. Miles, and Solomon T. Miles Jr. to
its board.

Alan I. Kay has been appointed to the national board of the American Cancer
Society Inc. of Washington.

The Bethesda-based Center to Prevent Childhood Malnutrition has elected Nancy
Bloch, Sylvia Eggleston, Sally-Ann Polson and Ruby Yolles to its board.

The National Council For Industrial Defense Inc. of Washington has elected
William G. Phillips president and chairman, Jerome M. Zeifman
secretary-treasurer and Paul J. Burnsky and Donald R. Fowler to its board.

The Environment and Energy Study Institute of Washington has elected Roger W.
Sant chairman and James Gustave Speth vice chairman of its board.


PROFESSIONAL SERVICES

The Bomstein/Gura Agency of Washington has named Mike Leimbach production
artist, Cynthia Lyons account executive and Mary Melland assistant controller.

Williams Whittle Associates Inc. of Alexandria has promoted Chris Ellibee to
public relations senior account coordinator and Valerie Ross to manager of
accounts payable.

Hal Chase has joined the Earle Palmer Brown Cos. of Bethesda as strategic
planner.

Robert J. Casey has joined the Washington office of Baker & Hostetler as a
partner.

PQ Productions Inc., an Alexandria music production company, has named Robert E.
Jones Jr. account executive and Tamara S. Getz office manager.


RETAIL, WHOLESALE TRADE

D.C.M. Sheetmetal Inc., a Beltsville heating and air conditioning contractor,
has named Michael D. Mullis vice president of finance and administration.


TRANSPORTATION

Alan J. Moore has been appointed Washington representative of the president for
Santa Fe Railway Co.

Richard J. Doubrava has joined Atlanta-based Delta Airlines' government affairs
office in Washington as manager of government affairs.

Singapore Airlines Ltd. of Washington has appointed C. Keith Jordan district
sales manager.

Send information about appointments, promotions and other personnel moves to
Pamela Babcock, researcher, Business News Department, The Washington Post, 1150
15th St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20071. All material must be submitted in writing
by the Monday preceding publication.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           August 21, 1986, Thursday

ON THE MOVE

BYLINE: Tom McNiff Jr. author of lead article "Maine Maritime Names; President"

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 992 words


Maine Maritime

Names President

CASTINE, Maine Maine Maritime Academy trustees selected former Maine Gov.
Kenneth M. Curtis as the academy's new president, effective Oct. 1.

Mr. Curtis, who served as U.S. ambassador to Canada during the Carter
administration, will succeed Adm. Sayre Swarztrauber, who agreed Aug. 1 to leave
the $ 40,000 post. Mr. Curtis will use the title president/superi ntendent
instead of superintendent, which carries the Maritime Administration honorific
"admiral."

Joseph Sewall, chairman of the trustees, said the appointment of Mr. Curtis may
signal major changes in the academy's orientation, including a possible
broadening of its curriculum over the next two or three years. "We have to get
out of the run-of-the mill engineering and deck officers' training," he said.

First though, Mr. Curtis is expected to heal wounds that erupted during Adm.
Swarztrauber's brief regime, causing disciplinary, morale and image problems.
"Public confidence (in the academy) has been seriously eroded, seriously
shaken," Mr. Sewall said.

The most serious case involved the death of an academy cadet during a port call
at Funchal, Madeira, last June. Several cadets face discipline for a bar brawl
that preceded the man's drowning.

Mr. Curtis, who graduated from the academy in 1952, served in both the merchant
marine and the U.S. Navy, where he achieved the rank of lieutenant commander. He
was governor in the late 1960s.

Over the past few years, the academy's enrollment has dropped and funding has
been difficult. Mr. Sewall said the trustees hope Mr. Curtis can help us raise
money from the various shipping companies, which we badly need."

Mr. Sewall said the curriculum-broadening moves may include establishing
oceanographic courses and other maritime studies.

He also said the school may have to share its training ship, the State of Maine,
with the Massachusetts Maritime Academy.

If that happens, he said, the Maine school may ask the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration for a smaller vessel that would be cheaper to operate
and that could be used as a research ship as well as merchant marine training
craft.

INSURANCE

Minicucci Takes Post

At Cigna Healthplan

PHILADELPHIA Patricia A. Minicucci was named senior vice president of Cigna
Healthplan Inc., a new position at this subsidiary of Cigna Corp. She was vice
president, human resources for Cigna's employee benefit and health care group.

She is also divisional president, South-Central re- gion, overseeing growth and
development there.

STROOCK & STROOCK & LAVAN (New York) - Barbara Pfeffer Billauer, a leading
product-liability defense attorney, joined this law firm as a partner,
litigation. She was a partner at Anderson Russell Kill & Olick, New York, where
she supervised and coordinated national asbestos litigation and specialized in
toxic substance litigation, product liability, health and safety, malpractice
and insurance law.

MARITIME

MARYLAND PORT ADMINISTRATION (Baltimore) - Neil G. Consentino was appointed
assistant regional manager, New York sales and marketing office. He replaces
Charles J. Lancaric, who retired. Mr. Consentino was fleet coordinator for CPC
International.

MOTORSHIPS INC. (Englewood Cliffs, N.J.) - William H. Kerrigan was named sales
and marketing manager of the agency, a new post at this subsidiary of Sweden's
Wallenius Lines. He was with Delta Steamship Lines in Baltimore.

OIL/GAS

BOC GROUP INC. (Murray Hill, N.J.) - Richard S. Grant was named president of the
new industrial gas supplier, Airco Distributor Gases division, which replaces
the Airco Welding Products division. He was vice president, marketing, for Airco
Welding.

Thomas E. Parker, former president, Airco Welding, now has worldwide
responsibilities for assessing the group's business opportunities serving
electronics.

PETROLEOS de VENEZUELA (USA) CORP. (New York) - Jack R. Tabes was named vice
president and chief executive of this unit of Venezuela's state oil company,
succeeding Humberto Penaloza, who ret ires Sept. 1.

Mr. Tarbes was president and chief executive of Lagoven SA, an operating company
of Petroleos de Venezuela, Caracas.

ELECTRONICS

CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORP. (Holmdel, N.J.) - James P. McCloskey was named vice
president, finance, and chief financial officer of this new developer and
manufacturer of minicomputer hardware and software systems for industrial,
scientific and commercial applications. He was vice president, finance,
treasurer and chief financial officer of Sybron Corp., Rochester, N.Y.

MAC GROUP (Cambridge, Mass.) - Thomas C. McLellan was promoted to vice president
responsible for staff and systems development of this international management
consulting firm, which concentrates on the process and analytics involved in
implementing strategic change. He was corporate controller.

TRT COMMUNICATIONS INC. (Washington) - Richard A. Kozak was promoted to
executive vice president and chief financial officer, a new position at this
worldwide provider of data and voice communications and subsidiary of UNC Inc.,
Annapolis, Md. Mr. Kozak was vice president, finance and administration, at TRT
Telecommunications.

CHEMICALS

CYBERMEDICS INC. (Louisville, Colo.) - Lewis W. Ward was named to the new
position of vice president, operations, of this manufacturer and marketer of
non-invasive, computerized medical diagnostic equipment for use in testing
pulmonary functions and managing hospital pulmonary departments. Mr. Ward was
with Valleylabs Inc. of Boulder, Colo.

Dick Aldrich was named vice president, marketing and sales. He was national
sales manager with Cybermedics. He replaces Arlin D. Lehman, now president.

KETCHUM & CO. (Norwalk, Conn.) - Robert I. Edinger, a vice president, was named
president, chief operating officer and a director of this drug distribution
company. He replaces Robert J. Hoyt, who resigned.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: ON THE MOVE. BRIEFS

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: PHOTO

                  Copyright 1986 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Record

                            January 31, 2005, Monday

The Record, Stockton, Calif., Moving Up column

LENGTH: 954 words



Matthew C. Ming has joined the law firm of Kroloff, Belcher, Smart, Perry &
Christopherson in Stockton as an associate attorney.

Ming graduated from Humboldt State University with a bacheloris degree in
psychology. While attending Humboldt State, he was a member of Pi Gamma Mu, the
National Honor Society for the Social Sciences and Psi Chi, the National Honor
Society for Psychology. He received his law from the University of the Pacificis
McGeorge School of Law, where he was a staff member for the Transnational
Lawyer, a member of the Traynor Honor Society.

Ming received the Order of the Coif and the Witkin Award in Professional
Responsibility and Labor Law. He was the recipient of the Presidentis
Scholarship for three years. In December, 2004, he was admitted to the
California Bar.

Ming competes in Schwingen (Swiss-style wrestling) in his off hours .


Michele Demetras has joined ConSol, an energy consulting firm based in Stockton,
as a communication specialist. She will be responsible for writing and editing
corporate and marketing collateral, technical consulting material and internal
communications material.

Demetras completed her undergraduate education at the University of California,
Davis in the German and linguistics field. She earned a masteris degree in
speech communication for San Jose State University.

She worked as a senior marketing communications specialist for several high tech
semiconductor companies in the Silicon Valley for 12 years.

Demetras, a San Joaquin Valley native, resides in Lodi.

She enjoys gardening, landscaping, working as a part-time public speaking
instructor at Delta College and spending time with her family.


Coldwell Banker Commercial, The Duncan Company Inc., has added two commercial
sales associates to its staff. Marc Jantzen and Michael Carouba will work at the
Woodbridge office, located at 18826 N. Lower Sacramento Road.

Jantzen, an alumnus of University of the Pacific, had been self-employed in the
health care field since 1969.

Before joining Coldwell Banker Commercial, he worked in the commercial lending
field, handling apartments, office buildings, service stations, marinas and
dairies to agricultural land.

Jantzenis outside interest is boating and he has owned boats for more than 48
years. He enjoys cruising on the Delta, as well as the San Francisco Bay.

Carouba has 15 years of experience in sales, marketing and business development.
He has been involved in single and multi-family real estate development for the
past two years. He worked for Otis Elevator Company, in charge of real estate
business development and space planning. He was a partner in the purchase and
building of a San Francisco restaurant.

In 1998, Carouba moved to Lodi and began working with Microwave Communications
Company as a national account manager, overseeing relationships of several
multi-national customers.

Carouba enjoys playing golf and is a member of the Olympic Club. He and his wife
Lana reside in Lodi with their two children.


Bank of Agriculture and Commerce has appointed Jack McAuley as vice president
and residential loan manager, a step to expanding the bank's residential
mortgage and construction loan activity and creating a separate residential
lending department. The bank's new Lodi department, part of its plan to open new
branches in Lodi and the east Contra Costa County, will officially open at 1300
W. Lodi Avenue in April 1.

Also, BAC has reached its 40th anniversary and will mark the anniversary with
special customer and lobby events, in addition to new services.

The Miracle Mile Improvement Association has elected a new board of directors.
Newly elected officers are: Kevin Dougherty of First Commercial Real Estate,
president; Bill Berlin of Flashbacks, vice president; Tanya Watters of
Architectural Amenities & Design, treasurer; and Kelley Jacobs of Valley Brewing
Company, as secretary. Board members include: Bob Olson of Pacific Mail & Copy ;
Richard LaFrentz of Best PC Value; Larry Ruhstaller of Alder Market; Kip
Odermatt of Foot Solutions; and past president Susan Farrens of Pine Street
Interiors.


Tim Samples has been appointed to the board of directors of Pac-West Telecomm.

Samples has more than 20 years experience in the communications industry. He has
been the principal in Sapience LLC, in Scottsdale, Ariz. since January, 2003,
where he does consulting work and serves as a non-executive director for two
telecommunications companies.

From February, 2001 to June, 2002 he was president, CEO and chairman of the
board of management for Completel N.V. in London and Paris.

Prior to Completel, he was president and CEO of Firstmark Communications, a
Pan-European broadband company with operations in seven Western European
countries.

From 1997 to 2000 he was CEO of One2One, a GSM service operator created through
a joint venture between MediaOne Group and Cable and Wireless.

Before that, he served as vice president and general manager for US West
Cellular/Airtouch in Phoenix, Arizona.

From 1984 to 1995, he held various management, sales and marketing positions
with US West/MediaOne Group.

Samples received his bachelor's degree in psychology from the University of
Toledo and an advanced management degree from the University of Pennsylvania's
Wharton School of Business.


-----

To see more of The Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.recordnet.com.

(c) 20052, The Record, Stockton, Calif. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune
Business News. For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800)
661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SK-MOVING-UP-COL-20050131

JOURNAL-CODE: SK

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                           Copyright 2005 The Record


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 15, 1993, Friday, Final Edition

Shalala, Espy Received Warmly;
Christopher Still Coasting on Hill

Barbara Vobejda, Guy Gugliotta, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A15

LENGTH: 1171 words


Donna E. Shalala, President-elect Clinton's nominee to head the Department of
Health and Human Services, was greeted warmly at her confirmation hearing
yesterday and faced little in the way of tough questioning, despite earlier
Republican pledges to scrutinize her record on administrative action and free
speech issues.

Also winning general approval was Rep. Mike Espy (D-Miss.), Clinton's choice as
agriculture secretary, who endorsed an overhaul of the Agriculture Department
and endured some awkward prodding about his campaign finances and staff ethics.
Midwestern senators reminded him that as a southerner, he perhaps did not
understand their problems.

In all, it was another day of easy breezes for Clinton's Cabinet appointees,
none of whom has suffered anything resembling a grilling. Shalala received
glowing endorsements from several prominent Wisconsin politicians -- two of them
Republicans. The audience at Espy's hearing applauded the designee's opening
statement.

And Warren M. Christopher, Clinton's choice as secretary of state, emerged
unscathed after two days of testimony, saying he could not envision normalized
relations with communist Cuba as long as President Fidel Castro remained in
power.

At Shalala's Senate Finance Committee hearing, Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan
(D-N.Y.) chided Shalala for giving short shrift to welfare overhaul in her
opening statement.

"To have it end up as one sentence in your statement was surprising," said
Moynihan, who has pushed for legislation to revise the nation's welfare system.

He questioned Shalala on her commitment to welfare overhaul, more than once
pointing to oppo

ition from the Children's Defense Fund, which Shalala chairs, to welfare
overhaul legislation that he sponsored in the late 1980s.

"I'm changing roles here," Shalala responded, saying she would take up the fight
to reform welfare. "There will be aspects of the president's recommendations the
advocacy groups won't like," she said.

Shalala's opening statement focused almost entirely on health care, saying "we
must have the courage and the wisdom to replace the existing system with
something better."

And in response to questions, she reiterated Clinton's promise to use savings
from Medicare and Medicaid to expand access to health care, and said her
personal wish would be to move first to help families with children.

She said the incoming administration supports using government-imposed cost
controls in a competitive market where companies and individuals buy health
coverage through regional purchasing cooperatives.

"We're talking about empowering the consumers here," she said. "Our aim is to
get a market system with choices."

Sen. Donald W. Riegle Jr. (D-Mich.) pressed Shalala to meet Clinton's pledge to
put a health care reform package before Congress within 100 days, saying that if
the new administration falls behind, it will be impossible to get legislation
enacted this calendar year.

Shalala did not offer a specific timetable, but said Clinton has not backed away
from the pledge: "It is my intention to hit the ground running," she said.

On the issue of whether the Clinton administration would grant waivers to allow
states to experiment with welfare and health care reform, Shalala said the
proposals would be given a "fair hearing."

Elsewhere in the Dirksen Office Building, Espy, a three-term Mississippi Delta
congressman, reassured the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and
Forestry that he, like many senators, was interested in structural overhaul of
the Agriculture Department, a bureaucratic behemoth with more than 100,000
employees and 14,000 offices nationwide.

Espy said he had discussed streamlining USDA with outgoing Secretary Edward R.
Madigan, "commended him for his efforts" and promised to review Madigan's
proposals "fast, quick and in a hurry."

But he stopped short of endorsing Madigan's recommendations to close as many as
1,000 field offices, saying the priority should be "to consolidate the
Washington bureaucracy."

Ranking minority member Sen. Richard G. Lugar (R-Ind.), the reform movement's
chief proponent, said he was satisfied that Espy had "pledged to study" the
Madigan plan.

It was also Lugar who questioned Espy about discrepancies in his campaign
finance filings with the Federal Election Commission. On several occasions,
Lugar said, Espy had received unexplained reimbursements from his campaign, and
on others he appeared to have been reimbursed twice -- "double dipping" -- for
travel expenses.

Espy acknowledged both inconsistencies, but said that the unexplained
reimbursements were monies "due me" but uncollected. The apparent
double-dipping, he said, owed itself to accounting errors. He said he had
satisfied the Justice Department that he had received only money that was owed
to him.

He also responded to a Lugar question about whether Ronnie Blackley, a
Mississippi-based consultant who worked part-time for Espy, had helped farmers
lobby USDA while he was on the Espy payroll.

"He did not charge or take a fee from any of the clients that he represented
before these various agencies," Espy said. "He assures me of that, and I believe
him."

After the hearing, Lugar said he was impressed that Espy had been "forthcoming"
on these issues and said he planned to vote for confirmation. He did, however,
urge Espy to "have some discretion" in his senior appointments. Blackley, a
Greenville, Miss.-based agricultural consultant, is rumored to be Espy's choice
as USDA chief of staff.

Apart from Lugar, senators confined themselves mostly to general questions that
Espy fielded easily, but they also chided him for being the first southerner
ever to be offered the job of agriculture secretary.

"I'm glad to hear you have some wheat in Mississippi," said Senate Minority
Leader Robert J. Dole (R-Kan.), whose state is the biggest wheat producer in the
country. "That's w-h-e-a-t. It's a word we use a lot around here."

At the Foreign Relations Committee, Christopher, who was questioned on the new
administration's Cuba policy, said, "It is very hard to envisage normal
relations with Cuba with Castro still in place," the Reuter News Service
reported.

Asked by Sen. Jesse Helms (R-N.C.) about a 1977 speech in which he said the two
countries were moving toward normal relations, Christopher said it had been
"overly hopeful, perhaps even naive."

Christopher politely but firmly distanced himself from his predecessor, James A.
Baker III, and gave notice of a new style in managing U.S. foreign policy.

He said he hopes to travel abroad less while paying attention to a wider range
of issues.

Baker, who resigned as secretary of state last August to run President Bush's
failed reelection campaign, became famous for his frequent and grueling
journeys.

"It seems to me that it would be quite desirable for me to stay here in the
United States, and to, so far as I can, try to explain American foreign policy
to the people of the United States," Christopher said.


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                                  May 30, 2008

Long Islanders on the Move: May 29, 2008

BYLINE: Alison Snyder

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 674  words


Accounting

Marcum & Kliegman was named the No. 1 large for-profit company to work for in
New York by the New York State Society for Human Resources Management. In the
past year, the firm has launched several initiatives to boost high morale and
keep its employees motivated.

Business

Payment processing firm Capital Payments has hired Natalie Silva. She will
manage the company's Capital Payments Advantage program.

Communications

Headline Communications has appointed Tara Rogers as vice president of marketing
and communications. She will handle media relations and promotions for clients.

Alisha Delisle has been named director of client development at Headline
Communications. She will be responsible for grant writing and new business
development.

Education

Scott Edwards, a teacher at Half Hollow Hills East High School has been named
Distinguished Teacher of 2008 by the Harvard Club of Long Island.

Finance

North Coast Financial Group has hired Charles Onorato as a financial services
representative. He has extensive trading experience and has worked in the
financial services industry for 28 years.

Brad Ketcher has joined Topdot Mortgage as a production manager. His
responsibilities will include implementing best practices that will enhance deal
flow, overall efficiency and he will work with the Topdot sales team to
streamline the loan process. He joins the firm from Bear Stearns.

Health Care

Mather Hospital has hired Salah F. Masry to its hospitalist staff. Prior to
joining Mather, Masry was a hospitalist at Bon Secours Community Hospital in
Port Jervis, N.Y., where he started the hospitalist program as well as the
hospital's palliative care team.

Maria Puangco-Curcio has joined Better Living Now as director of disease
management. She will be responsible for reviewing and updating diabetes
materials, working with customer service personnel, sharing diabetes updates and
answering clinical questions.

Huntington Hospital appointed John R. Wagner to a two-year term as medical staff
president. An ob/gyn, he specializes in urogynecology and laparoscopic and
pelvic reconstructive surgery.

Law

Heather Patton Harrison has been hired by Farrell Fritz as a litigation
associate concentrating in labor and employment law. Prior to joining the firm,
she was an associate at a firm in New York, where she advised clients on labor
issues.

Rivkin Radler has hired Matthew V. Spero to its corporate and commercial
practice group. He has extensive experience representing debtors, creditors and
creditors committees in Chapter 11 reorganizations and liquidations and in
bankruptcy court negotiations.

The Nassau County Bar Association has named Lawrence O. Ogbutor as Pro Bono
Attorney for the Month for April 2008. He has donated more than 180 hours of his
time through the Volunteer Lawyers project supported by the association.

Real Estate

Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage has appointed Leslie Whitely as branch
manager of its Locust Valley office. She will be in charge of expanding the
office's home loan success rate, in addition to her management responsibilities.

Deborah K. Herman, publisher of Building Long Island, has been named to the
board of directors of the Long Island chapter of CoreNet Global, a professional
association for commercial real estate executives. She also serves on the
group's charity golf and tennis outing committee.

Nonprofit

The Long Island Housing Partnership has named John R. Durso, president of RWDSU
Local 338, to its board of directors.

Theresa K. Quigley has been appointed to the East Hampton Day Care Learning
Center's board of directors. She concentrates her practice in residential real
estate law at Farrell Fritz.

Technology

Larry Zafrin has joined Future Tech Enterprise as director of sales and new
business development. He will be responsible for expanding an internal sales
team, which also handles IT solutions.

Delta Computer Group has appointed Carina Newallo as dispatch manager. She will
supervise the day-to-day activities of the company's dispatchers, among other
management responsibilities.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Personnel or management changes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 20, 2001 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Economic Data Mixed

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E02

LENGTH: 1140 words


The U.S. trade deficit increased 54.8 percent in October, to $ 29.43 billion,
which was the biggest one-month deterioration in eight years, the Commerce
Department reported. But the Conference Board reported that its index of leading
economic indicators rose by a stronger-than-expected 0.5 percent last month
after a gain of 0.1 percent in October. Analysts called the back-to-back gains a
good indication that the country's recession may be bottoming out.

Mirant, the biggest independent power producer by market capitalization, had its
credit ratings cut to junk status by Moody's Investors Service, becoming the
latest energy company to see its debt levels questioned. The cut comes after
power producer Calpine saw its ratings cut to junk by Moody's and energy trader
Dynegy had its grades lowered last week. The surprise downgrades come after
Enron's rapid descent to Chapter 11 bankruptcy followed a rating cut to junk by
Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch. Separately, another energy-trading giant,
Williams Cos., plans to cut capital spending by $ 1 billion and sell assets to
reassure investors it won't collapse like rival Enron.

Enron won a judge's approval to hold a January auction for a controlling stake
in what remains of the trading unit that once handled 25 percent of the nation's
electricity and natural gas trades. A company attorney told U.S. Bankruptcy
Judge Arthur J. Gonzalez that Enron is concerned key employees will walk out on
the company if the sale isn't approved in the next several weeks. Gonzalez set a
Jan. 10 auction and a Jan. 11 hearing to approve the sale to the highest bidder.
Enron says 14 companies are considering offers for the business, which buys and
sells oil, petroleum products, natural gas, electricity, metals, coal, forest
products, steel, and a variety of contracts and derivatives.

LTV reached a tentative agreement with its workers to extend unemployment and
insurance benefits for displaced workers through February. The agreement was
made during a U.S. Bankruptcy Court hearing that had been convened to consider
the company's request to void its union contract. Voiding the contract would
have eliminated health-care and unemployment benefits to up to 100,000 workers
and family members. The company has already agreed to keep its steel mills in
operating condition until then to make them easier to sell.

Delta Air Lines pilots union leaders approved a company proposal that would give
them a month off but trim that month's paycheck by about 26 percent. The
proposal would allow Delta to solicit volunteers from among overstaffed pilot
groups. They would be paid for 55 flight hours per month instead of their
minimum 70 hours. The company developed the idea as a way to cut costs and ease
overstaffing.

U.S. broadcasters will be able to buy almost half of the voting stock of
companies such as Paxson Communications without that position counting against
the legal limit on ownership of broadcast properties, under a rule change
implemented by the Federal Communications Commission. Previously, a 5 percent
stake counted toward the overall limit.

Midway Airlines resumed operations after a three-month hiatus, with help from a
$ 10 million grant from the federal airline bailout program. CEO Robert Ferguson
insisted that the Raleigh, N.C.-based company is substantially changed since the
post-Sept. 11 shutdown and that costs have been reduced considerably. He said
the airline would return to profitability in March.

Hewlett-Packard and Compaq Computer fired back at their merger's leading critic,
HP director Walter Hewlett, with a 50-page report detailing their reasons for
the $ 23 billion deal. "In the words of Dave Packard, 'In the fields of advanced
and rapidly changing technologies, to remain static is to lose ground,' " says
the document, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Also, an HP
lawyer denied that the company's top leaders are threatening to resign if
shareholders reject the Compaq deal.

Verizon Wireless will pay $ 1.7 billion for Price Communications' wireless phone
business under a revised agreement. The original agreement, announced in
November 2000, was valued at $ 2.06 billion. Price now operates under the
Cellular One brand in the Southeast and will adopt the Verizon Wireless name.

Diageo and Pernod-Ricard won U.S. permission to complete their $ 8 billion
acquisition of Seagram's liquor business after Diageo agreed to sell its Malibu
brand of rum. The Federal Trade Commission had challenged the joint acquisition
from Vivendi Universal, saying it would give Diageo too big a share of the U.S.
rum market.

P&O Princess Cruises has changed course and put itself up for auction,
announcing that it would give shareholders time to study a $ 4.4 billion
takeover bid from Carnival that it had spurned in favor of a merger with Royal
Caribbean Cruises. The winners in this three-way tussle will be the world's
biggest cruise-ship operator.

Dominion Resources' power-generating assets must remain under the watch of
Virginia regulators for now, the State Corporation Commission decided. Dominion
Resources, parent company of electricity utility Dominion Virginia Power, wanted
to transfer about $ 6.7 billion worth of power production into a new entity that
would be federally regulated. But the three-member commission worried that
market forces might boost earnings for Dominion but wouldn't necessarily benefit
Virginia Power customers.

Legg Mason is accused in a lawsuit of handing out "thousands" of copies of
analysis documents from Lowry's Reports, which has published stock-market
research since the 1930s, to employees and customers without paying for them. A
spokeswoman for Legg Mason said the company doesn't comment on litigation.

William D. Castleberry was named Maryland's director of global investment and
technology. He previously was senior vice president of marketing, development
and communications at Baltimore-Washington International Airport. Also, Peter C.
O'Neill was named director of the state Department of Business and Economic
Development's newly formed Office of International Trade.

FedEx reported a 26 percent increase in fiscal second-quarter earnings, to $ 245
million, helped by growth in its home delivery business and a contract with the
U.S. Postal Service. A $ 116 million aid payment from the federal government
after the Sept. 11 attacks also helped improve results.

Morgan Stanley Dean Witter said its fiscal fourth-quarter profit fell 28
percent, to $ 870 million, as a drop in mergers and stock sales cut
investment-banking fees. Revenue fell 17 percent, to $ 4.6 billion, in the
quarter ended Nov. 30. For the year, net income fell 34 percent, to $ 3.6
billion.

Compiled from reports by the Associated Press, Bloomberg News, Dow Jones News
Service and Washington Post staff writers

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             July 5, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Paper airplane, RIM business share similar trajectories

BYLINE: Les MacPherson, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: LOCAL; Les MacPherson; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 647 words


Today, instead of the usual, full-length column, enjoy these bite-size
columnettes. Please chew thoroughly to prevent choking:

.....

A team with the Pima Air and Space Museum in Tucson, Ariz., recently flew the
world's largest paper airplane.

Made of corrugated cardboard, the 45-foot-long plane weighed 800 pounds, with a
24-foot wingspan. The giant, delta-winged plane was towed aloft by a helicopter
and released at 2,700 feet over the Arizona desert. It glided for just a few
seconds, reaching a speed of nearly 100 mph, before breaking up and plummeting
to earth.

Discount airlines reportedly are interested in developing the design as a
low-cost alternative to expensive, metal airplanes.

.....

Speaking of craters, the new CEO of Research in Motion dismisses any suggestion
that the reeling company is in a "death spiral."

"There is nothing wrong with the company as it exists right now," Thorsten Heins
said this week in an interview with the CBC. Heins says RIM's Blackberry 10 will
be a huge hit when it is released next year. The new device, he says, will
"empower people as never before."

Heins also claims that Andy Griffith is "just having a snooze," and will be up
in time for dinner.

.....

Nuclear physicists using the Super Hadron Collider in Switzerland reportedly
have discovered a subatomic particle they believe is fundamental to the very
structure of the universe.

It is not fundamental enough, however, that physicists now can shut down the
collider and start looking for other work.

.....

A new study has linked coffee consumption with a reduced risk of the most common
type skin cancer.

Of more than 100,000 American health-care workers surveyed, those who reported
drinking the most coffee had 16-per-cent fewer basal-cell skin cancers than
those who drank the least coffee.

This could mean a posthumous Nobel Prize in medicine for Tim Horton.

.....

I was surprised to learn the cash-strapped CBC is eliminating its shortwave
service.

Who knew the CBC still had a shortwave service? I thought it was eliminated
years ago.

Next they'll be laying off Earl Cameron and cancelling Don Messer's Jubilee.

.....

I also was surprised to learn of service cuts by Via Rail.

Of course, Via always gets cut when the federal government is casting about for
savings.

What's surprised me is that there is anything left to cut. Is there a squeaky
old Via handcar still on the rails somewhere, overlooked by federal bean
counters?

That and more, apparently. I since have learned that six Via trains still stop
in Saskatoon, three westbound and three eastbound, between Vancouver and
Toronto. They are easily overlooked. Via's passenger station is in the city's
extreme southwest corner, nestled between the CN rail yards and the dump.

Of these six trains a week serving Saskatoon, Via, in response to federal budget
cuts, is dropping two.

If they hadn't mentioned it, would anyone have noticed?

.....

Finally, an alarming example of real life imitating satire:

In his literary classic, Gulliver's Travels, Jonathon Swift, told of a
university in the imaginary land of Laputa where scientists for eight years had
been trying to extract sunbeams from cucumbers. The idea was to capture the
sunbeams in tightly sealed containers that then could be opened for heat on cold
days. The only problem was obtaining subsidies sufficient to cover the high
price of cucumbers.

Ridiculous, no?

Apparently not to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, which recently
awarded a $90,000 grant to university students who are trying to extract
electricity from spinach.

Proposed by engineering students at Vanderbilt University, the idea is to build
solar panels using spinach proteins as a substitute for expensive silicon
wafers. The grant was awarded even though the amount of electricity generated is
expected to be minuscule.

But for the groundbreaking work in Laputa, I would have said that you can't make
this stuff up.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                 July 12, 2010

WEEK ON THE WEB

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0023

LENGTH: 919  words


Michigan First sues First Michigan over use of name

Michigan First Credit Union of Lathrup Village has filed a lawsuit against First
Michigan Bank of Troy in U.S. District Court in Detroit, alleging trademark
infringement over the name.

David Provost, the president, chairman and CEO of First Michigan Bank, said the
lawsuit is baseless and that his bank intends to defend this suit vigorously.

Michigan First President and CEO Michael Poulos said the credit union has
invested a lot on our brand in Southeast Michigan to establish consumer
recognition, and we need to protect our assets.

ON THE MOVE

- Leslie Smith, who has been the director of business acceleration for the
Michigan Economic Development Corp., will join Detroit's TechTown as general
manager on July 19 to help run day-to-day operations. Smith's position is to be
funded for two years by a grant from the New Economy Initiative.

- Troy-based First Michigan Bank has named Thomas FitzGibbon Jr. managing
director and integration specialist. He had been a principal at BSI, a Chicago-
based consulting firm.

- Reginald Eadie, M.D., has been appointed president of Detroit Medical Center's
Detroit Receiving Hospital, effective July 26. He takes over from Iris Taylor,
who was promoted to DMC's chief business officer last month.

- Tim Jodway, formerly the CFO at Northern Michigan Regional Health System in
Petoskey, has been named vice president and CFO of Garden City Hospital. He has
worked at several health care organizations in Michigan, including Lapeer
Regional Hospital and McLaren Health Care Corp.

- The University of Michigan has named Addell Austin Anderson director of its
Detroit Center. She succeeds Roger Doster, who retired.

COURTS

- The Michigan Supreme Court has refused to hear an appeal by Seattle-based
Safeco Insurance Co. of America, making the company liable for the $35 million
in construction costs for new access ramps to the Ambassador Bridge as part of
the Gateway Project. The ruling let stand an earlier ruling by the Wayne County
Circuit Court. Safeco, the bonding company for the project, is held liable after
the Detroit International Bridge Co., the parent company of the bridge, failed
to build the ramps.

- A lawsuit filed by Carlita Kilpatrick, the wife of ex-Detroit Mayor Kwame
Kilpatrick, to stop authorities in Michigan from capturing the family's assets
has been dismissed by a Texas court, AP reported. The suit sought to separate
assets belonging to her and the couple's three young sons from those of her
husband. The suit named Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy as a defendant.

COMPANY NEWS

- Taylor-based fuel distributor Atlas Oil Co. is deciding exactly what to do
with as much as $300,000 in rebates BP plc offered to give regional distributors
of its gasoline to help offset the impact of a consumer boycott in response to
the Deepwater Horizon oil drilling rig explosion. Among the options being
considered are investing in capital improvements and image building for its
network of gas station retailers.

- Palace Sports & Entertainment Inc. said that it plans the week of July 26 to
upgrade the 94-foot-tall video marquee that stands alongside I-75 in Auburn
Hills near the Palace of Auburn Hills and the Lapeer Road exit with twin LED
digital billboards to provide larger and sharper images.

- Ann Arbor-based Aastrom Biosciences Inc. (Nasdaq: ASTM) announced Tuesday that
based on an encouraging meeting with officials of the U.S. Food and Drug
Administration it will pursue Phase 3 trials of its treatment for critical limb
ischemia, the most severe form of peripheral vascular disease.

- Delta Air Lines (NYSE: DAL) got the OK Tuesday from the U.S. Department of
Transportation to begin nonstop service between Detroit Metropolitan Airport and
Tokyo's Haneda Airport starting Oct. 31.

OTHER NEWS

- Ann Arbor Spark, the Ann Arbor economic development group gubernatorial
candidate Rick Snyder helped create in 2005, kept such faulty records its first
few years that an audit found it couldn't adequately report how it was spending
all the hundreds of thousands of dollars it received in public funds, AP
reported.

No money went missing, and none of the audit's findings pointed to illegal
activity. Snyder, who remains on Spark's executive committee, said the problems
were merely growing pains.

- The 132 housing permits issued in May nearly doubled the number issued during
the same month in 2009; however, a decrease is expected for the next six months
for Macomb, Oakland, St. Clair and Wayne counties, according to the Building
Industry Association of Southeast Michigan.

- Oakland County Executive L. Brooks Patterson said Oakland County homeowners
should expect continuing declining property values for the next three years, AP
reported.

- The health care petition drive supported by the National Federation of
Independent Business-Michigan to exempt Michigan from provisions in the federal
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act failed to garner enough signatures to
make the November ballot. Backers still plan to make it an election issue by
making known candidates' positions and encouraging lawmakers to introduce bills
that would use the petition drive language.

OBITUARIES

- Harvey Fuqua, who owned the Tri-Phi and Harvey record labels, managed Marvin
Gaye and was a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, died July 6. He was 80.

- Bob Probert, former Detroit Red Wing, died of an apparent heart attack while
boating July 5. He was 45.

Copyright 2010 Crain Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cd


                      Copyright 2010 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      March 29, 2000 Wednesday 2D EDITION

Hispanic volunteers thanked

BYLINE: Joanne Davidson, SEEN,

SECTION: SCN; Pg. F-02

LENGTH: 751 words


Whether it's in Greeley or Gunnison, the Four Corners or the  Front Range,
caring souls abound. They pitch in whenever a need  arises, raising money,
lending muscle - or just a shoulder to lean  on - to the injured, the sick, the
disenfranchised and the victims  of life's cruel breaks.

They seek no reward, but a thank-you is appreciated.

'We hope that sharing their stories will inspire others to do  more of the
same,' remarked Jeff Martinez, an executive with Solis  Advertising and Public
Relations, and chairman of the 20th  anniversary Hispanic Annual Salute,
Colorado's only statewide  effort to recognize outstanding Hispanic volunteers.

The Hispanic Annual Salute was founded 20 years ago by the  late community
leader M.L. 'Sam' Sandos, whose son, Dan, and  daughter-in-law, Lisa, helped
present the first M.L. 'Sam' Sandos  Award for Lifetime Community Service at a
dinner-dance last  Saturday at Denver's Adam's Mark Hotel.

Dan, owner of Sandos Financial Group, and Lisa recently moved  back to Denver
from Seattle, where they had lived for the past 18  years. Another Sandos son,
Tim, a former Denver city councilman,  is now the Nebraska vice president for U
S West and lives in Omaha  with his wife and family.

The Sandos award went to Simone Sedillo, a volunteer for  20-plus years who
spends four days a week at Lakewood's Westwood  Community Center, working with
seniors through the Volunteers of  America program and coordinating a Cinco de
Mayo celebration for  metro-area seniors.

Presenters Christine Arguello, a deputy state attorney  general and University
of Colorado law professor; and Bill  Holstein, Ranger Duran and Alberto
Stapleton, representing the  salute's presenting sponsor, American Family
Insurance, also  recognized:

Samuel Abeyta, owner of Front Range Fabrication and a  volunteer mentor to men
and women in the state correctional  facilities in Canon City and Delta. In
addition, Abeyta and his  wife, Louise, have been foster parents to some 30
children.

Celina Trujillo-Espinoza, a counselor known as Centauri High  School's 'college
guru.' Her diligence regularly produces more  college scholarships than there
are graduating seniors.

Jim Garcia, president and founder of La Clinica Tepeyac, a  North Denver clinic
that provides health care to under-served and  uninsured individuals. Garcia,
who attended the dinner with his  wife, Gloria Padilla Garcia, and their
2-month-old daughter,  Sofia, is also chairman of the Governor's Task Force on
Fatherhood.

Emma Pea-McCleave, a counselor with the Boulder County Health  Department who is
involved with 10 community organizations and  professional associations,
including the Longmont Sister Cities  committee; Los Amigos, which raises
scholarship money for Latino  Youth; and El Comite de Longmont, which helps the
city's  Spanish-speaking community obtain necessary services.

Student honorees were high school seniors Jennifer Sternad  (Lakewood), Rafael
Melendez (Hinkley), Anthony Briseno (Rampart)  and Crestina Martinez (Alamosa).

Since 1996, Sternad has logged 700 hours of volunteer time  and is the only
student to serve on the Jefferson County Council  of Cultural Diversity.
Melendez, who plans to become a pilot, has  volunteered on behalf of AIDS Walk
Colorado, Aurora's  Adopt-a-Street litter patrol and Habitat for Humanity.
Briseno,  with 150 volunteer hours to his credit, tutors third graders at  High
Plains Elementary and has assisted radiology technicians at  Memorial Hospital
in Colorado Springs. Martinez, diagnosed in 1995  with vaso-depressor syncope, a
condition that causes her to faint  suddenly and without warning, organized 'the
Scrubs' at San Luis  Valley Regional Medical Care Center to help teens learn
about  careers in medicine.

The 700-plus well-wishers included Colorado Attorney General  Ken Salazar;
Pierre Jimenez, the state's deputy director of  economic development; Denver
City Councilwoman Ramona Martinez;  Denver Clerk and Recorder Rosemary Martinez;
Judge Celeste C  DeBaca; attorney David Powell; Museo de las Americas Director
Jose  Aguayo and his wife, Magdalena; Channel 9's director of community
relations, Lynne Valencia; and public relations executives Frank  Solis and Ed
Romero.

Denver Post Society Editor Joanne Davidson's column appears  every day except
Saturdays. E-mail her at jmdpost@aol.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Special to The Denver Post /David Zalubowski Honoree Jennifer
Sternad gets acquainted with emcee Anita Lopez of Channel 9.

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           November 18, 2006 Saturday

Briefs: US Airways, antitrust officials discuss Delta bid

LENGTH: 1226 words


US Airways Group Inc. met with Justice Department officials on Friday to discuss
possible antitrust concerns in its $8.67 billion offer for bankrupt Delta Air
Lines Inc. The talks in Washington were the first in a series to explore the
competitive impact of creating the world's biggest airline, US Airways
spokeswoman Andrea Rader said. The carrier also made a U.S. regulatory filing
with additional details of its plan to mesh the airlines. The meetings came two
days after US Airways disclosed its offer, saying a merger yielding $1.65
billion in savings would be better than Delta's strategy for staying
independent. Delta expects to begin talks with US Airways and creditors "in the
near future," a spokesman said.

Seafood deal in works

Striking seafood workers at Nordic Fisheries LLP's Benkovitz Seafoods store in
Pittsburgh's Strip District could be back on the job next week under terms of a
two-month contract extension, said Ron Lenhart, president of the United Food and
Commercial Workers Union Local 23, which represents about 23 workers at the
store. The union walked off the job Nov. 1, a day after their contract expired.
The union and company are working on contract language for the extension,
Lenhart said. Workers might be able to vote on the agreement Sunday and be back
on the job by Monday. "We're very optimistic we can get a settlement," said
Garvin Warden, a restructuring consultant for Nordic Fisheries. The company told
the union that the retail business must generate a profit by the end of the year
if it is to remain open long-term, Lenhart said.

Black Box SEC probe

Black Box Corp., a Cecil-based computer networks services provider, said the
Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating the company's accounting for
options grants dating back to 1997. Black Box got a letter of "informal inquiry"
requesting documents about options-granting practices, according to a regulatory
filing, and the company plans to cooperate. Black Box is among more than 180
companies that have disclosed federal or internal probes into whether they
backdated options to when the stock was trading lower, inflating their value.
Black Box shares fell $1.65 Friday to $43.02.

Power cut at Beaver Valley 2

FirstEnergy Corp. reduced output at its Beaver Valley 2 nuclear reactor in
Beaver County after nearing full power following a refueling and maintenance
shutdown. The unit was at 40 percent of capacity, according to a report Friday
from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. Investigators are looking at the
feedwater heater system, spokesman Dave Dillon said. The reactor will supply 864
megawatts to the grid when it returns to full power, up from 821 megawatts
before the recent refueling and maintenance shutdown, Dillon said. A megawatt is
enough power for about 800 typical U.S. homes. The plant is about 35 miles
northwest of Pittsburgh. Beaver Valley 1 was operating at full power.

Nymex shares surge

Shares of Nymex Holdings Inc., owner of the world's largest energy market, more
than doubled Friday on their first day of trading, the biggest gain for an
initial public offering in 15 months. The shares jumped $73.99, or 125 percent,
to $132.99, making Nymex the world's fifth-largest publicly traded exchange. The
company and shareholders sold 6.5 million shares for $59 each in an initial
stock offering Thursday. Before this week, the company had forecast the shares
would sell at $48 to $52. Nymex is one of the last U.S. exchanges to transform
itself into a public company.

USW to rally over cuts

Members of United Steelworkers Locals 142 and 146T and their supporters are
planning a rally at noon Tuesday in Washington, Washington County, to protest a
series of layoffs of about 100 workers at two mould plants in the city, said
James Watt, a USW International representative. The rally will follow a meeting
scheduled for 10 a.m. at Washington City Hall where officials have been invited
to discuss ways to convince officials of Penn Mould Industries Inc. and Ross
Mould Inc. to talk about the job cuts, Watt said. "About 22 months ago, we had
245 workers at the two plants, and now we have about 145," he said. The plants
make moulds that companies use for form glass containers for the food and
beverage industry, he said. Lawrence Ross, owner of the two companies, could not
be reached for comment Friday.

Federated to sell Bridal Group

Federated Department Stores Inc. said Friday it will sell its Bridal Group
division in two transactions totaling $850 million. An affiliate of Los
Angeles-based Leonard Green & Partners is paying about $750 million for the
269-store David's Bridal and 10-store Priscilla of Boston businesses, Federated
said. Houston-based Men's Wearhouse is paying about $100 million for the
511-store After Hours Formalwear business, which includes Mr. Tux stores in New
England. Both transactions are expected to close in the first quarter of next
year, Cincinnati-based Federated said. Bridal Group is based in Conshohocken,
Pa.

Goodyear talks ended

Contract talks between Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. and its striking United
Steelworkers union have broken off again in Cincinnati. The sides had resumed
negotiations Tuesday but by Friday the union and the world's third-largest tire
maker indicated little progress had been made. "It is clear from the discussions
that the two primary issues continue to be retiree health care and the announced
closure of the Tyler, Texas, plant," Goodyear said in a statement. More than
12,000 union workers in the United States and Canada have been on strike since
Oct. 5.

TreeHouse pact accepted

The executive board of the United Food and Commercial Workers Union Local 325
Friday voted to accept a contract offer from TreeHouse Foods Inc., which
operates the plant formerly owned by H.J. Heinz Co., said Robert Timmons, Local
325 president. The board voted to accept the three-year contract after union
members voted 227-227 on the offer by Westchester, Ill.-based TreeHouse, Timmons
said. They had rejected two previous contract offers. Workers apparently were
concerned about the company's proposal for healthcare insurance, Timmons said.
The contract offers workers a wage increase of $1.05 per hour spread over three
years. Employees at the historic plant have been working without a contract
since May.

PPG shares fall

Shares of PPG Industries Inc. fell the most in four years after the company said
customers are buying less chlorine. Rivals and makers of plastic pipes and vinyl
siding, which use chlorine as an ingredient, also dropped. PPG declined $3.52,
or 5.1 percent, to $65.63, marking the biggest percentage drop since October
2002. The shares still are up 8.6 percent from a year ago. Reduced sales and
prices for chorine and caustic soda, known collectively as chlor-alkali, will
cut fourth-quarter profit at the unit as much as $40 million, or 15 cents a
share, from the third quarter, PPG said

Other business news

&#149 Standard and Poor's Ratings Services has assigned a "AA-" rating to more
than $165 million of Allegheny County Higher Education Building Authority bonds
issued for Carnegie Mellon University. Standard and Poor's said its rating
reflected CMU's strong student demand, good endowment and successful
fund-raising.

&#149 Pittsburgh-area stocks fell Friday. The Bloomberg Pittsburgh Index of 67
stocks fell 0.53 to 315.53.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Tax breaks sought amid budget cuts

BYLINE: James Salzer, Aaron Gould Sheinin; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1611 words



HIGHLIGHT: Lawmakers propose millions in giveaways to state businesses. Skeptics
say there's no proof of job creation.


Georgia lawmakers have been doing the same fiscal two-step every session since
the start of the Great Recession.

First they wring their hands about not having enough money to fund things like
for schools and public health care. And then they dole out expensive
special-interest tax breaks that ensure that they have trouble funding schools
and public health care.

Already this session, House members have filed more than a dozen tax-break
bills, including one that would make permanent a tax exemption for Gulfstream,
the maker of private jets on Georgia's coast, and other similar companies.

Together, the tax breaks would cost the state --- and save select individuals
and companies --- tens of millions of dollars at a time when k-12 education
funding has been cut more than $1 billion and the state's public health program
--- which provides services to 1.7 million Georgians --- has monumental funding
holes.

Critics of the tax breaks have long complained that lawmakers are hypocritical
when they say they must cut spending while at the same time giving tax breaks to
big, successful companies like Delta Air Lines or Gulfstream.

Many of the tax breaks are being pushed in the name of economic development.
They are, according to their authors, designed to save or create jobs in
industries ranging from the jet and mobile home businesses to small high-tech
firms.

For lawmakers always striving to make Georgia an attractive place for business,
it's hard to say no. Especially when industries have hired lobbyists to make
sure they say "yes."

"Everybody has an idea about what economic development is. Everybody who is out
there on the rope line (lobbying) has their own agenda," said House Economic
Development Chairman Ron Stephens, R-Savannah, who has long been among the most
prolific of tax-break-bill filers at the statehouse.

Alan Essig, executive director of the fiscally liberal Georgia Budget and Policy
Institute and a former state budget analyst, said lawmakers seldom look back to
see whether tax credits actually work to create or save jobs.

"It's throwing stuff against the wall to see if it sticks," he said. "We're
walking down this path and we seem to be investing more and more money into
these things without knowing if they work. They seem to be made on who has more
political pull."

Among the proposals this year: a measure to exclude capital gains from state
income taxes; a sales tax break for expansion of Zoo Atlanta; a tax break on
mobile home sales; an income tax credit for buying specific commercial
geothermal heat pump systems; tax breaks for a state-supported investment
program and downtown redevelopment; credits on alcohol taxes, insurance taxes
and other taxes due if companies give to private school scholarship
organizations; and exemptions from state sales taxes for kidney dialysis
machines and food banks.

Nearly all of the tax-break proposals will have to clear the House Ways and
Means Committee, where Chairman Mickey Channell, R-Greensboro, has promised a
close review.

"While state revenues have ticked up some, we still face financial problems,"
Channell said. "A lot of members have some interest in them. We're going to go
through a very, very thorough vetting process."

Two years ago, a state panel of experts worked to reform the tax system, but
their call to limit breaks didn't fly with the General Assembly or lobbyists.
Last year, lawmakers passed legislation granting some tax changes that
industries have long sought, benefiting car dealers, manufacturers and
brick-and-mortar retailers.

This year, the tax break likely to attract the most philosophical debate is one
to help Gulfstream and other companies that maintain and repair planes.
Lawmakers have long backed the tax break, approving it and re-approving it every
few years. Nearby states have similar tax breaks, and Georgia officials say they
fear losing business.

The exemption means Gulfstream doesn't have to charge its customers sales tax on
the parts and equipment used to repair and maintain aircraft. In a business in
which repairs can run into hundreds of thousands of dollars, the savings is
significant.

Ron Aldrich, general manager of Gulfstream's facility in Brunswick, told a House
committee this week that he had a potential customer bring up the tax break,
which would end this year without action.

"It means a lot to Gulfstream and Brunswick if you pass this," Aldrich told
lawmakers.

Making the tax break permanent helps the company plan long-term, company
officials said, bolstering chances that they could expand in Georgia. Officials
say the tax break --- so far --- has enabled Georgia to remain competitive, and
Gulfstream has expanded more than once since it was originally approved. Company
officials say they have hired more than 1,700 people since the end of 2010, when
they announced a Savannah expansion.

But Republican leaders have traditionally opposed doing away with sunset
provisions on such tax breaks because it eliminates any reason to review their
effectiveness.

"We need to evaluate these tax credits on an ongoing basis to make sure we get
the biggest bang for the bucks, because it is an appropriation of state funds,"
said Rep. Allen Peake, R-Macon, vice chairman of Ways and Means and a co-sponsor
of the Gulfstream bill.

There is precedent for making breaks permanent.

In last year's tax bill, lawmakers made permanent a jet fuel tax break for Delta
and other airlines. That will cost the state --- and save airlines --- more than
$20 million annually in coming years.

Lawmakers first approved a tax break for Delta in 2005 when it faced serious
financial problems. Last year, it racked up a $1 billion profit. Gulfstream's
parent company, General Dynamics Corp., reported earlier this year that revenues
in its Aerospace Group, which is made up primarily of Savannah-based Gulfstream
Aerospace, hit $6.9 billion in 2012. The company has added jobs as it ramps up
production for its ultra high-speed, ultra-long-range business jet, the G650,
and more than 2,000 people work in maintenance and repair in Georgia.

Two years ago when the exemption was renewed for airplane maintenance and
repair, officials estimated it could be worth up to $15.4 million a year.

State officials said they didn't have a "fiscal note," which estimates the cost,
for the latest bill.

Essig's Georgia Budget and Policy Institute put out a report earlier this year
saying the state commits hundreds of millions of dollars each year to economic
development tax credits without evidence that they work.

Stephens is a big supporter of Gulfstream but an opponent of eliminating the
once-every-few-years review of tax credits.

"After a while, it just becomes corporate welfare," he said. "Unless it's
creating jobs or generating revenue back to the state, they don't need to be
there. They (tax breaks) need to be very, very targeted."

Essig argues it's a hit-and-miss effort because lawmakers --- with a few
exceptions --- do little to go back and find out whether tax breaks actually
create or save jobs. Most of the time, when tax breaks sunset, lawmakers make
decisions to renew them based on the testimony and "data" provided by industries
that benefit from them.

"If it's corporate welfare, why Gulfstream and not somebody else?" he said.
"What Gulfstream is trying to do is save money on lobbyist fees. What have we
gotten for the money?"

House Minority Leader Stacey Abrams, D-Atlanta, and other House Democrats say
they want to build in more review of tax breaks. They have introduced HB 148,
the Tax Accountability Act, which would require any tax credit bill to be
introduced only in the first year of the two-year General Assembly term and
stipulate that such proposals only be voted on in the second year.

It would require a thorough review of the financial impact of each credit. The
idea, she said, is make decisions based on data, not the needs or wants of a
particular special interest.

The data on Gulfstream, she said, shows they have created jobs and "that without
the credit, jobs would not have come to Georgia."

"The goal isn't to make a hard and fast rule for or against, it's to have enough
data to determine the value," Abrams said.

IN-DEPTH COVERAGE

Every year, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution dissects budget proposals in the
General Assembly to see how the state is spending tax money. We search for
expenditures that are not always apparent and monitor changes that lawmakers
propose.

The other side

Companies like Delta and Gulfstream say tax breaks have enabled Georgia to
remain competitive by adding and keeping jobs here. Gulfstream officials say
they have hired more than 1,700 people since the end of 2010, when they
announced a Savannah expansion.

Tax break bills

Here is a sampling of Georgia House bills that would grant tax exemptions to
various interests.

House Bill 134 --- Would gradually exclude capital gains from state income
taxes.

House Bill 164 --- Eliminates the sunset provision on a sales tax exemption on
sale of parts and equipment used to maintain and repair aircraft not registered
in Georgia. The exemption is set to expire on June 30; this bill would leave the
exemption in place permanently.

House Bill 200 --- Sales tax exemption for materials used in certain zoo
construction projects.

House Bill 62 --- Reduces or eliminates taxes on purchase of mobile homes.

House Bill 34 --- Income tax credit for certain commercial geothermal heat
pumps.

House Bill 128 --- Provides income tax credits for private investment in a
city's designated downtown "renaissance district."

House Bill 190 --- Tax exemption on the purchase of kidney dialysis equipment.

House Bill 348 --- Tax credit for buying alternative-fuel vehicles.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2013 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

George Kaiser Family Foundation awards grants

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1109  words


TULSA (JR) - The George Kaiser Family Foundation has donated more than $6.3
million in basic services grants to nearly 80 Tulsa-area social service
agencies.

More than $4.2 million was donated to support human service organizations, $1
million supported community health organizations and more than $1.3 million was
donated earlier in 2014 to support basic services for various education
organizations.

"The foundation is dedicated to providing equal opportunity for young children
in Tulsa and these organizations provide the critical services that Tulsans
need," said Ken Levit, executive director of GKFF.

The GKFF collaborated with local partners to identify pressing social service
needs in Tulsa and surrounding areas, pairing those needs with respected
nonprofit grant recipients for the most effect on the community.

The Parent Child Center of Tulsa focuses on providing children with a safe and
nurturing early childhood experience, with special attention to preventing child
abuse and neglect.

SafeCare is a special program at PCCT that targets critical concerns such as
child health, home safety, cleanliness and parent/child bonding. The GKFF's
donation of $165,000 will assist PCCT in its goal of reducing the risk of child
abuse and neglect through early intervention and education of parents to ensure
a better life for children.

"When we prevent child abuse and neglect from happening, we are contributing to
the possibility of a healthier and more successful future for children," said
Desiree Doherty, executive director of PCCT.

Domestic Violence Intervention Services Inc. is a nonprofit organization
dedicated to providing comprehensive intervention and prevention services to
men, women and children affected by domestic and sexual violence. The DVIS
offers wraparound services for the entire family, as it works with victims,
offenders and children who witness the abuse. DVIS is receiving a $333,333
grant.

"Last year, there were 4,435 domestic violence-related incidents in Tulsa," said
Tracey Lyall, executive director of DVIS. "This grant allows us to provide vital
services to families affected by domestic violence and also permits us to
provide comprehensive shelter, counseling and legal services to victims of
sexual assault, sex trafficking, dating violence and stalking. "

With a grant of $150,000, 501technet will continue to provide nonprofit
organizations with the same quality of digital and technological services
available to for-profit organizations. Nonprofit organizations often lack the
in-house skills and resources to properly invest in technology. With
technological support from 501technet, nonprofits may devote more funding
resources to serving clients.

"For-purpose organizations are as dependent on technology as their for-profit
counterparts," said Mark Whitmire, technology services director for 501technet.
"Likewise, the prospective upside of technology done right can be equally
transformative. 501technet bridges the knowledge and experience gap for
nonprofits by offering a wide range of donor subsidized products and services.
We have worked with more than 150 Tulsa nonprofits and support more than 1,700
PCs on a daily basis. "

A grant of $25,000 will support Lindsey House, which works to provide support
for women and children in situational homelessness. Lindsey House helps families
achieve self-sufficiency through its transitional housing services and partners
closely with other organizations, volunteers and experts in the community.

"Lindsey House provides long-term shelter and supportive services to mothers
caring for children," said Tiffany Egdorf, executive director at Lindsey House.
"Our mission is to support these families as they transition from homelessness,
learn important life skills and regain the confidence to become self-sufficient.
Supporting both mothers and children will only help to strengthen the family
unit and the possibilities for their future. "

Tulsa Lighthouse Charter School is a pre-kindergarten through sixth-grade
charter school in north Tulsa that seeks to prepare its students for college
through development of knowledge, skills and values necessary for responsible
citizenship and lifelong learning. The TLCS is receiving a grant of $95,000 from
GKFF in 2015.

"Our teaching staff uses the arts as a lever for student engagement in order to
engage students in mastering core content and developing a love for learning,"
Principal Jamila MacArthur said. "In order to achieve our high expectations, we
partner with our families and community to make sure our scholars have what they
need in order to be successful, whether that is proper healthcare, mental health
services or homework assistance. "

Crosstown Learning Center, a three-star nationally accredited child care center
in Tulsa, is receiving a grant of $125,000. Crosstown cares for up to 120
children, ages 6 weeks to 12 years old. Its mission is to provide educational
opportunities in a nurturing environment for children and their families to
learn and grow together.

"Crosstown Learning Center has provided the highest quality care for children
for 45 years," said Debbi Guilfoyle, executive director at Crosstown Learning
Center.

Eastern Oklahoma Donated Dental Services works with dentists residing in Tulsa
and parts of eastern Oklahoma to provide vulnerable populations with free dental
restoration services, preventive dental education, and free oral and denture
health care supplies. The EODDS is receiving a grant of $186,000.

"EODDS partners with Family and Children's Services, Delta Dental Foundation,
Tulsa Day Center for the Homeless, Salvation Army, DVIS, Community Service
Council, Neighbor for Neighbor, Catholic Charities, and many other outstanding
organizations," said Michael Smith, executive director of EODDS. "We are part of
a much larger collection of agencies and organizations in Tulsa and eastern
Oklahoma that collaborate with each other to provide a higher quality of service
to the people we all serve. "

Other grant recipients include Family & Children's Services, Mental Health
Association Oklahoma, Camp Fire USA Green Country Council, Rebuilding Together
Tulsa, Youth Services of Tulsa, Legal Aid of Oklahoma, Girl Scouts of Eastern
Oklahoma, Emergency Infant Services, Goodwill Industries of Tulsa, Good
Samaritan Health Services, Catholic Charities Tulsa, Oklahoma Project Woman,
Resonance Center for Women, Restore Hope Ministries, Tulsa CARES, Community
Service Council, YWCA Tulsa and Oklahoma Partnership for School Readiness.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Nation (Kenya)

                              June 13, 2016 Monday

Governors reject Rotich's counties cash as too little

BYLINE: SILAS APOLLO

LENGTH: 569  words


CS gave Sh304bn but county chiefs wanted Sh486bn and CRA Sh377bn.


Governors have dismissed the budgetary allocations to counties as too little,
even as Nairobi, Turkana, Mandera and Kakamega Counties were set to receive the
lion's share of revenue from the national government in the next Financial Year.

The 2016/17 Budget read in the National Assembly by National Treasury Cabinet
Secretary Henry Rotich on Wednesday proposes Sh15 billion for Nairobi, Turkana
Sh11 billion and Sh10 billion each for Mandera and Kakamega.


Of the Sh304 billion meant for the counties, Sh208 billion is the equitable
share from The National Treasury and Sh23 billion a conditional grant.
But the Council of Governors, led by chairman Peter Munya, the Meru governor, on
Friday rejected the allocations as lower than the 2015/16 ones. Governors had
asked for Sh486 billion to finance services in the counties over the next
financial year, against the Sh377 billion proposed by the Commission on Revenue
Allocation (CRA).
Among the bigger beneficiaries are Meru and Nakuru, which will each receive over
Sh9 billion. Others set for a significant share of the cake include Bungoma,
Kiambu, Kilifi, Kisii, Kitui, Wajir and Machakos, with each getting over Sh8
billion.
On the lowest tier are Lamu, which will receive Sh2.6 billion, as well as
Elgeyo-Marakwet, Isiolo, Taita-Taveta and Tharaka-Nithi, which will each get
slightly less than Sh4 billion.
WITHDRAW SERVICES
"The proposed revenue allocation for county governments for the Financial Year
2016/17 is Sh304 billion," Mr Rotich said in the Budget statement.
The devolved units will also receive Sh4.3 billion from the national government
from July for free maternal healthcare and an additional Sh4 billion to upgrade
more hospitals.
This comes amid a tug-of-war between the national government and the governors
over the delay to remit funds to the counties. Governors had threatened to
withdraw services, citing lack of funds.
"Counties have been provided with a Sh4.3 billion conditional allocation in this
financial year towards free maternal healthcare," said Mr Rotich. "We have also
added conditional allocation of Sh4 billion to the counties to upgrade more
hospitals to level five."
The allocations come at a time when the National Assembly is expected to debate
on the Division of Revenue Bill to pave the way for the release of the funds.
The Bill had gone through the Senate, which passed it.
Meanwhile, a number of counties are under criticism over their slow absorption
of development funds to spur growth in the devolved units.  In February, Mr
Rotich pointed an accusing figure at governors over their failure to use
billions of shillings lying in county reserves at the expense of providing
services.
Counties are also reeling in debt, having taken bank loans to finance salaries
and service delivery. A Treasury report says four counties borrowed a total of
Sh1.9 billion in 2014/15 with Nairobi, at Sh300 million, having the biggest
debt.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/338/1144/22/146576529743.jpg

Chairman of the Council of Governors Peter Munya (centre) flanked by Kwale
Governor Salim Mvurya (right) and Kericho Governor Paul Chepkwony address
journalists at Delta House in Nairobi on January 14,2016.  Governors  have
rejected Treasury Cabinet Secretary Henry Rotich's counties 2016/2017 budget
allocation as too little. PHOTO | EVANS HABIL | NATION MEDIA GROUP

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1144


                       Copyright 2016 Nation Media Group
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                             July 26, 2007 Thursday

GRADUATES Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine Shippensburg University
University of the Sciences Bates College Drake University HONORS Shippensburg
University Central Pa. College Shippensburg University DEAN'S LIST Villanova
University

BYLINE: Schools

SECTION: C; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1117  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Schools and Colleges

Local residents recently awarded the doctor of osteopathic medicine degree were:

Troy W. Trayer, Philadelphia, son of Dr. and Mrs. Timothy P. Trayer, formerly of
Denver and now of Palmyra.

Andrew C. Bowe, son of Stephen and Boni Bowe, of Quarryville.

Michelle Christine Badorf, daughter of John and Patricia Badorf, of Lancaster.

Trayer, a 1999 Cocalico High School graduate, earned a bachelor of science
degree in biology from Elizabethtown College in 2003. He has begun an internship
at Frankford Hospital-Jefferson Health System.

Bowe earned a bachelor of arts degree in neuroscience from Franklin & Marshall
College in 2000 and a master of science degree in biomedical sciences from
Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine in 2003. He is currently in a
residency in internal medicine/pediatrics at Greenville Memorial Hospital
Medical Center, Greenville, S.C.

Badorf, who earned a bachelor of science degree in biology from Susquehanna
University in 2002, has begun a residency in pediatrics at A.I. DuPont Hospital,
Wilmington, Del.

Tyler J. Transue, son of Dave and Sherri Transue, of Lancaster, graduated magna
cum laude, with a bachelor of science degree in business
administration/marketing. A dean's list student, he is a member of Beta Gamma
Sigma international business honor society. Transue graduated in 2003 from
Hempfield High School.

The following local residents have recently received degrees:

Mariell Alden DeCarlo, of Reinholds, graduated with a bachelor of science degree
in pharmaceutical sciences. DeCarlo is the daughter of Peter and Jennifer
DeCarlo.

Lauren Elizabeth Fund, of Lititz, graduated with a doctor of pharmacy degree.
She received the Lannett Company Award for outstanding proficiency in industrial
pharmacy. Fund is the daughter of Jeff and Diane Fund.

Elizabeth Anna Hay, of Landisville, graduated magna cum laude with a doctor of
pharmacy degree. She was a member of Rho Chi National Honor Society of Pharmacy
and Alpha Lambda Delta Honor Society. Hay is the daughter of John and Kathleen
Hay.

Amanda L. Hurst, of New Holland, graduated with a doctor of pharmacy degree.
Hurst is the daughter of Bill and BobbiJo Hurst.

Brittany Rose Klugh, of Lancaster, graduated with a bachelor of science degree
in health science. Klugh is the daughter of Terry and Kim Klugh.

Jessica N. Nixon, of Gap, graduated magna cum laude with a bachelor of science
degree in chemistry. She received the American Chemical Society, Philadelphia
Section Award in chemistry for academic excellence and service to the student
affiliate of the SCS Chapter, and the Johnson and Johnson Pharmaceutical R&D
Award in recognition of excellence in research. She is a member of Alpha Chi
National Scholarship Society. Nixon is the daughter of Timothy Nixon and Shelly
Hammond.

Daniel James Pavelko, of Lancaster, graduated with a doctor of pharmacy degree.
Pavelko is the son of John and Margaret Pavelko.

Chanhak Seng, of Lancaster, graduated with a doctor of pharmacy degree. Seng is
the daughter of Kim Suon Cheng.

Kimberly Lynn Wiley, of Lancaster, graduated with a doctor of pharmacy degree.
She received the Pennsylvania Pharmacists Association Outstanding Pharmacy
Student Award for active participation in professional pharmacy organizations.
Wiley is the daughter of Stephen and Pamela Wiley.

Matthew James Woge, of Lancaster, graduated summa cum laude with a bachelor of
science degree in pharmacology and toxicology. He received the Ortho/McNeil
Pharmceutical/Janssn Pharmaceutica Award for the highest grade-point average in
the final two years of the pharmacology and toxicology program. He is a member
of Alpha Lambda Delta Honor Society and Alpha Chi Honor Society and was a
university chemistry teaching assistant. Woge is the son of Edward and Diane
Woge.

Tyler J. Zook, of Bird-in-Hand, graduated with a bachelor of science degree in
chemistry. Zook is the son of Marv and Lori Zook.

Jacqueline S. Smith, daughter of Annie Smith of Lancaster, graduated with a
bachelor of arts degree in Spanish from the Maine college. She is a 2003
graduate of Lancaster Country Day School.

Arden Dorothy Day, of Lancaster, has earned a bachelor of science degree in
psychology from Drake's College of Arts and Sciences. She maintained a 4.0
grade-point average during the spring semester and was named to the President's
List at the Iowa university.

Kristine Ober, a recent Donegal High School graduate, has received the first
Donegal Key Club Scholarship from the Kiwanis Club of Norlanco-Rheems. The
daughter of Gary Ober and Kathryn Royer, both of Mount Joy, she was recognized
for being instrumental in reorganizing the Donegal High School Key Club and
serving as its president and division lieutenant governor.

***

Timothy J. Monaghan, son of Theresa and Daniel Monaghan, of Marietta, was
awarded a renewable annual $5,000 scholarship by the Pennsylvania Institute of
Certified Public Accountants. He has a 4.0 grade-point average at Waynesburg
College, where he is majoring in accounting. He tutors and participates in the
Volunteer Income Tax Assistance program and Habitat for Humanity. He graduated
in 2004 from Donegal High School.

Local students inducted into Pennsylvania Chapter of Phi Kappa Phi Honor Society
for academic achievement were:

Catherine Hughes Robertone, of Mechanicsburg, an information systems studies
graduate student who graduated in 1993 from Elizabethtown

Area High School.

Amy M. Fenninger, daughter of Randy and Shirley Fenninger, of Paradise, a senior
majoring in accounting who graduated in 2004 from Solanco High School.

Amanda Kurtas, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Michael Kurtas, of Lancaster, who
graduated in May with a bachelor's degree in elementary education/early
childhood education. The magna cum laude honors recipient is a 2003 alumna of
Manheim Township High School.

Briana Bollinger, a graduate of Lancaster Mennonite High School, has been
awarded a $1,000 Pennsylvania Association of Mortgage Brokers George
Hanzimanolis Scholarship to pursue a physical therapy degree at Central
Pennsylvania College. The honor roll student has been a volunteer at Ephrata
Community Hospital and Schreiber Pediatric Rehabilitation Center.

Sara E. Workman, daughter of Judge and Mrs. David Workman, of Lititz, has
received the Clarence Schock Foundation Scholarship to attend Shippensburg
University. She is a 2007 graduate of Living Word Academy and plans to major in
business administration.

Elizabeth C. Reidenbach, daughter of Ken and Becky Reidenbach, of Lititz, was
named to the dean's list for the spring semester. She is a rising senior
majoring in communications with a minor in political science and English. She
graduated in 2004 from Lancaster Country Day School.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: COLLEGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            October 22, 2006 Sunday

OBITUARIES

SECTION: LARGO TIMES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1562 words


Clearwater

Harris, Karl H., 95, of Clearwater, died Thursday (Oct. 19, 2006) at
Comprehensive Health Care of Clearwater under the care of Hospice.

He was born in Rhodes, Mich., and came here in 1983 from Bedford, N.H. He worked
as a computer sales consultant for Burroughs Co. in Albany, N.Y. He was a
lieutenant in the Army Signal Corps during World War II. He was a life master of
the American Contract Bridge League. Survivors include two sons, Richard B.,
Clearwater, and Robert C., Virginia Beach, Va.; two daughters, Rosalind A.
Gillett, San Diego, and Jacqueline L. Weiss, Tequesta , Fla.; six grandchildren;
and a great-grandson. National Cremation Society, Clearwater.

McFadden, Robert R., 85, of Clearwater, died Thursday (Oct. 19, 2006) at Tandem
Health Care. He was born in Wilmerding , Pa., and came here in 1980 from
Greensburg, Pa. He retired as supervisor of machinists after 45 years at
Westinghouse Air Brakes in Wilmerding. He was a Navy veteran of World War II. He
was Catholic and a member of Veterans of Foreign Wars, Clearwater. He was an
avid Devil Rays fan and newspaper reader and enjoyed playing golf. Survivors
include a daughter, Margaret A. Rodock, Clearwater; a son, Robert A., Port St.
Lucie; a brother, William, Medina, Ohio; three grandchildren; and three
great-grandchildren. National Cremation Society, Clearwater.

Roberts, Myrtle W., 91, of Clearwater, died Wednesday (Oct. 18, 2006) at home
under the care of Hospice of the Florida Suncoast.

She was born in Inaha, Ga., and came here in 1980 from Kensington, Md. She was a
homemaker. She was a member of Heritage United Methodist church, Clearwater, and
was active in the altar guild. She was a volunteer for Meals on Wheels. She was
a member of a bridge club and enjoyed the game. Her hobby was interior
decorating. Survivors include her husband of 68 years, Harry; a daughter, Brenda
E. Windsor, Panama City; a niece, Emily Ivey; five grandchildren, Antonia Hall,
Patrick Turner, Frank Windsor, Christopher Windsor and Jeremy Windsor; and seven
great-grandchildren. Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home, Clearwater.

Stephens, Carmen Boyd, 92, of Clearwater, formerly of Dunedin, died Friday (Oct.
20, 2006) at Mease Countryside Hospital, Safety Harbor. She was born in
Bridgeport, Ill., and moved to Dunedin in 1979 from Kokomo, Ind. She moved from
Dunedin to Clearwater in 1998. She had a master's degree in education from
Butler University and was a second-grade teacher for 46 years. She was a member
of Episcopal Church of the Good Shepherd, Dunedin, Delta Kappa Gamma Honor
Society, and since 1985 the Clearwater Chapter of Professional Educators
Organization. She was a longtime supporter of programs to keep young women in
the field of education. Survivors include two nieces, Carol Anderson,
Fredericksburg, Va., and Linda King, Midlothian, Va.; and a caregiver, Pat
Smith, Palm Harbor. Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home, Clearwater.

Dunedin

Brown, William "Bill," 80, of Dunedin, died Thursday (Oct. 19, 2006) at Mease
Dunedin Hospital. He was born in Brooklyn, N.Y., and came here in 1984 from
Miami Beach, where he owned the Lincoln Mall Art Gallery. He was Jewish and an
Army veteran of World War II. He loved dogs. Survivors include his wife of 57
years, Irma; and a son, Harlan R., Dunedin. Gee & Sorensen Funeral Home and
Cremation Services, St. Petersburg.

Hansen, Roland A., 76, of Dunedin, died Thursday (Oct. 19, 2006) at Westchester
Gardens Rehabilitation and Care Center, Clearwater. He was born in Chicago and
moved to Dunedin in 1999 from Panama City. He worked for the Postal Service. He
was an Army veteran of the Korean War and a member of St. Mark's Lutheran
Church, Dunedin. Survivors include his wife of 37 years, Virginia I.; two
daughters, Mary E. Rickert, Long Valley, N.J., and Rose A. Boushek, Glenview,
Ill; a son, Charles J. Ulis, Niles, Ill.; and five grandchildren. Eternal Rest
Memories Park & Funeral Home, Dunedin.

Thomas, Barbara Rowe, 58, of Florence, S.C., formerly of Dunedin, died Wednesday
(Oct. 18, 2006) at McLeod Hospice House, Florence. She was born in Batavia, N.Y.
Before graduating from Dunedin High School, she was named a grant service award
winner and foreign exchange student to Denmark. She studied nuclear medicine at
Duke University. She worked nearly 20 years at McLeod Regional Medical Center
and held several administrative position in nuclear medicine, radiation oncology
and radiology. She was Methodist. Survivors include her husband of 37 years,
Martin; two sons, Jeff, Timmonsville, S.C., and Robert, Florence; her mother,
Betty S. Rowe, Clearwater; three sisters, Caroline Martens, Chapel Hill, N.C.,
Sylvia Judah, Palm Harbor, and Janet Brown, Tarpon Springs; a brother, Walter C.
Rowe, Brandon; and a grandson, Jonathan Thomas, Florence. Cain Funeral Home,
Florence, S.C.

Largo

Davis, Isabel, 84, of Largo, died Wednesday (Oct. 18, 2006) at Oak Manor Nursing
Home, Largo. She was born in Rockingham, Vt., and came here in 1965 from New
Jersey. She worked as a waitress and cook for St. Jerome Catholic Church, Largo,
and was a member of the church. She was a member of Order of the Eastern Star,
an avid reader and enjoyed cooking. Survivors include a daughter, Mary A.
Taylor, Largo; a sister, Rebecca Polidor, Dunedin; a granddaughter, Tara Taylor,
Largo; and a great-grandchild. National Cremation Society, Clearwater.

McKenzie, Irma C., 82, of Largo, died Thursday (Oct. 19, 2006) at Hospice House
Woodside, Pinellas Park.

She was born in Champaign, Ill., and came here in 1989 from Dayton, Ohio, where
she worked 15 years as a records management coordinator for a utilities company.
She was a member of St. Mark's Presbyterian Church of Bayonet Point. Survivors
include two sons, Bruce, Boulder, Colo., and Kevin, Largo; two sisters, Benita
Switter, Chandler, Ariz., and Agnes Johnson, Fort Myers; a brother, William D.
Cole, Hanover, Ind.; and four grandchildren. National Cremation Society,
Clearwater.

Oldsmar

Dion, Andrew Chester W., 80, of Oldsmar, died Sunday (Oct. 15, 2006) at home.

He was born in Brockton, Mass., and came here in 1982 from Scituate, Mass. He
was an air traffic controller and retired from Logan Airport in Boston. He was a
Navy veteran of World War II and an Air Force veteran of the Korean and Vietnam
wars. He was a member of Veterans of Foreign Wars. Survivors include his wife of
55 years, Merna; two sons, Andrew W., Zephyrhills, and Kevin R., Tampa; three
daughters, Susan M. Jackson, Oldsmar, Tracy Reynolds, Sagamore Beach, Mass, and
Vicki Platt, Marathon, Fla.; a brother, Robert, Marlboro, N.H.; and 10
grandchildren. Veterans Funeral Care, Clearwater.

Hastings, Dwight Norwood, 77, of Oldsmar, died Thursday (Oct, 19, 2006) at
Kindred Hospital Central, Tampa. He was born in Sullivan, Ind., and came here in
1976 from Highland, Ind. He owned Ken-ridge Drugs in Indiana. He worked more
than 20 years as a pharmacist for Kash n' Karry in Pinellas County. He was in
the National Guard and a life member of the Masons, Scottish Rite and Elks.
Survivors include his wife, Mary; a son, Dwight Jr., Placerville, Calif.; a
daughter, Lynne Rogers, Ellicott City, Md.; and a grandson, Theodore Rogers.
Holloway Funeral Home, Oldsmar.

Palm Harbor

Deslauriers, Rachel A., 61, of Palm Harbor, died Thursday (Oct. 19, 2006) at
Mease Countryside Hospital, Safety Harbor.

She was born in West Virginia and came here in 1983 from Michigan. She worked 21
years for Pinellas County as a certified public accountant/senior auditor. She
was Christian and a seamstress. Survivors include her husband, Harvey E.; two
daughters, Yvonne Elliot and Tonya Elliot, both of Tarpon Springs; her father,
George Harrison, Tampa; and a brother, Mickey Harrison, Oregon. Thomas B. Dobies
Funeral Home, Tarpon Avenue Chapel, Tarpon Springs.

Safety Harbor

Cecott, Louis A., 78, of Safety Harbor, died Friday (Oct. 20, 2006) at Encore
Senior Village, Clearwater. He was born in Chicago and came here in 1998 from
Houston. He was a cartographer and worked for the oil industry. He was an Army
veteran of World War II. He was Catholic. Survivors include a sister, Alice
Lohmeyer, Safety Harbor; a nephew; and a niece. Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home,
Clearwater.

Thompson, Richard T. "Dick," 65, of Safety Harbor, died Thursday (Oct. 19, 2006)
at Morton Plant Hospital, Clearwater.

He was born in Moline, Ill., and moved to Florida in 1979 from Davenport, Iowa.
He owned Zoeckler's Office Furniture & Supplies in Davenport and later co-owned
Fidlar & Chambers Office Products Division. He owned Pinellas Millwork in St.
Petersburg and currently worked in sales for Sun Proof Corp. of Florida. He was
a former member of Rotary Club International and served as a mentor to other
business owners. He was a member of Feather Sound Community Church and attended
Palm Harbor United Methodist Church. He was president of the Huntington Isles
Homeowners Association, Safety Harbor. He played golf with a passion and enjoyed
fishing while watching the sun rise. He was a former member of Feather Sound
Country Club. Survivors include his wife of 40 years, Gail; two daughters,
Jennifer Thompson, Birmingham, Ala., and Wende Anderson, Palm Harbor; his
mother, Betty Lou Thompson, Moline; a brother, R. B., Woodstock, Ill; a sister,
Linnea Thompson, Moline; and two grandchildren, A.J. Anderson and Annabelle
Anderson. Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home, Clearwater.

Tarpon Springs

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, (9)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: OBITUARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            October 22, 2006 Sunday

OBITUARIES

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1834 words


Clearwater

Harris, Karl H., 95, of Clearwater, died Thursday (Oct. 19, 2006) at
Comprehensive Health Care of Clearwater under the care of Hospice.

He was born in Rhodes, Mich., and came here in 1983 from Bedford, N.H. He worked
as a computer sales consultant for Burroughs Co. in Albany, N.Y. He was a
lieutenant in the Army Signal Corps during World War II. He was a life master of
the American Contract Bridge League. Survivors include two sons, Richard B.,
Clearwater, and Robert C., Virginia Beach, Va.; two daughters, Rosalind A.
Gillett, San Diego, and Jacqueline L. Weiss, Tequesta, Fla.; six grandchildren;
and a great-grandson. National Cremation Society, Clearwater.

McFadden, Robert R., 85, of Clearwater, died Thursday (Oct. 19, 2006) at Tandem
Health Care. He was born in Wilmerding, Pa., and came here in 1980 from
Greensburg, Pa. He retired as supervisor of machinists after 45 years at
Westinghouse Air Brakes in Wilmerding. He was a Navy veteran of World War II. He
was Catholic and a member of Veterans of Foreign Wars, Clearwater. He was an
avid Devil Rays fan and newspaper reader and enjoyed playing golf. Survivors
include a daughter, Margaret A. Rodock, Clearwater; a son, Robert A., Port St.
Lucie; a brother, William, Medina, Ohio; three grandchildren; and three
great-grandchildren. National Cremation Society, Clearwater.

Roberts, Myrtle W., 91, of Clearwater, died Wednesday (Oct. 18, 2006) at home
under the care of Hospice of the Florida Suncoast.

She was born in Inaha, Ga., and came here in 1980 from Kensington, Md. She was a
homemaker. She was a member of Heritage United Methodist church, Clearwater, and
was active in the altar guild. She was a volunteer for Meals on Wheels. She was
a member of a bridge club and enjoyed the game. Her hobby was interior
decorating. Survivors include her husband of 68 years, Harry; a daughter, Brenda
E. Windsor, Panama City; a niece, Emily Ivey; five grandchildren, Antonia Hall,
Patrick Turner, Frank Windsor, Christopher Windsor and Jeremy Windsor; and seven
great-grandchildren. Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home, Clearwater.

Stephens, Carmen Boyd, 92, of Clearwater, formerly of Dunedin, died Friday (Oct.
20, 2006) at Mease Countryside Hospital, Safety Harbor. She was born in
Bridgeport, Ill., and moved to Dunedin in 1979 from Kokomo, Ind. She moved from
Dunedin to Clearwater in 1998. She had a master's degree in education from
Butler University and was a second-grade teacher for 46 years. She was a member
of Episcopal Church of the Good Shepherd, Dunedin, Delta Kappa Gamma Honor
Society, and since 1985 the Clearwater Chapter of Professional Educators
Organization. She was a longtime supporter of programs to keep young women in
the field of education. Survivors include two nieces, Carol Anderson,
Fredericksburg, Va., and Linda King, Midlothian, Va.; and a caregiver, Pat
Smith, Palm Harbor. Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home, Clearwater.

Dunedin

Brown, William "Bill," 80, of Dunedin, died Thursday (Oct. 19, 2006) at Mease
Dunedin Hospital. He was born in Brooklyn, N.Y., and came here in 1984 from
Miami Beach, where he owned the Lincoln Mall Art Gallery. He was Jewish and an
Army veteran of World War II. He loved dogs. Survivors include his wife of 57
years, Irma; and a son, Harlan R., Dunedin. Gee & Sorensen Funeral Home and
Cremation Services, St. Petersburg.

Hansen, Roland A., 76, of Dunedin, died Thursday (Oct. 19, 2006) at Westchester
Gardens Rehabilitation and Care Center, Clearwater. He was born in Chicago and
moved to Dunedin in 1999 from Panama City. He worked for the Postal Service. He
was an Army veteran of the Korean War and a member of St. Mark's Lutheran
Church, Dunedin. Survivors include his wife of 37 years, Virginia I.; two
daughters, Mary E. Rickert, Long Valley, N.J., and Rose A. Boushek, Glenview,
Ill; a son, Charles J. Ulis, Niles, Ill.; and five grandchildren. Eternal Rest
Memories Park & Funeral Home, Dunedin.

Thomas, Barbara Rowe, 58, of Florence, S.C., formerly of Dunedin, died Wednesday
(Oct. 18, 2006) at McLeod Hospice House, Florence. She was born in Batavia, N.Y.
Before graduating from Dunedin High School, she was named a grant service award
winner and foreign exchange student to Denmark. She studied nuclear medicine at
Duke University. She worked nearly 20 years at McLeod Regional Medical Center
and held several administrative position in nuclear medicine, radiation oncology
and radiology. She was Methodist. Survivors include her husband of 37 years,
Martin; two sons, Jeff, Timmonsville, S.C., and Robert, Florence; her mother,
Betty S. Rowe, Clearwater; three sisters, Caroline Martens, Chapel Hill, N.C.,
Sylvia Judah, Palm Harbor, and Janet Brown, Tarpon Springs; a brother, Walter C.
Rowe, Brandon; and a grandson, Jonathan Thomas, Florence. Cain Funeral Home,
Florence, S.C.

Largo

Davis, Isabel, 84, of Largo, died Wednesday (Oct. 18, 2006) at Oak Manor Nursing
Home, Largo. She was born in Rockingham, Vt., and came here in 1965 from New
Jersey. She worked as a waitress and cook for St. Jerome Catholic Church, Largo,
and was a member of the church. She was a member of Order of the Eastern Star,
an avid reader and enjoyed cooking. Survivors include a daughter, Mary A.
Taylor, Largo; a sister, Rebecca Polidor, Dunedin; a granddaughter, Tara Taylor,
Largo; and a great-grandchild. National Cremation Society, Clearwater.

McKenzie, Irma C., 82, of Largo, died Thursday (Oct. 19, 2006) at Hospice House
Woodside, Pinellas Park.

She was born in Champaign, Ill., and came here in 1989 from Dayton, Ohio, where
she worked 15 years as a records management coordinator for a utilities company.
She was a member of St. Mark's Presbyterian Church of Bayonet Point. Survivors
include two sons, Bruce, Boulder, Colo., and Kevin, Largo; two sisters, Benita
Switter, Chandler, Ariz., and Agnes Johnson, Fort Myers; a brother, William D.
Cole, Hanover, Ind.; and four grandchildren. National Cremation Society,
Clearwater.

Oldsmar

Dion, Andrew Chester W., 80, of Oldsmar, died Sunday (Oct. 15, 2006) at home.

He was born in Brockton, Mass., and came here in 1982 from Scituate, Mass. He
was an air traffic controller and retired from Logan Airport in Boston. He was a
Navy veteran of World War II and an Air Force veteran of the Korean and Vietnam
wars. He was a member of Veterans of Foreign Wars. Survivors include his wife of
55 years, Merna; two sons, Andrew W., Zephyrhills, and Kevin R., Tampa; three
daughters, Susan M. Jackson, Oldsmar, Tracy Reynolds, Sagamore Beach, Mass, and
Vicki Platt, Marathon, Fla.; a brother, Robert, Marlboro, N.H.; and 10
grandchildren. Veterans Funeral Care, Clearwater.

Hastings, Dwight Norwood, 77, of Oldsmar, died Thursday (Oct, 19, 2006) at
Kindred Hospital Central, Tampa. He was born in Sullivan, Ind., and came here in
1976 from Highland, Ind. He owned Ken-ridge Drugs in Indiana. He worked more
than 20 years as a pharmacist for Kash n' Karry in Pinellas County. He was in
the National Guard and a life member of the Masons, Scottish Rite and Elks.
Survivors include his wife, Mary; a son, Dwight Jr., Placerville, Calif.; a
daughter, Lynne Rogers, Ellicott City, Md.; and a grandson, Theodore Rogers.
Holloway Funeral Home, Oldsmar.

Palm Harbor

Deslauriers, Rachel A., 61, of Palm Harbor, died Thursday (Oct. 19, 2006) at
Mease Countryside Hospital, Safety Harbor.

She was born in West Virginia and came here in 1983 from Michigan. She worked 21
years for Pinellas County as a certified public accountant/senior auditor. She
was Christian and a seamstress. Survivors include her husband, Harvey E.; two
daughters, Yvonne Elliot and Tonya Elliot, both of Tarpon Springs; her father,
George Harrison, Tampa; and a brother, Mickey Harrison, Oregon. Thomas B. Dobies
Funeral Home, Tarpon Avenue Chapel, Tarpon Springs.

Safety Harbor

Cecott, Louis A., 78, of Safety Harbor, died Friday (Oct. 20, 2006) at Encore
Senior Village, Clearwater. He was born in Chicago and came here in 1998 from
Houston. He was a cartographer and worked for the oil industry. He was an Army
veteran of World War II. He was Catholic. Survivors include a sister, Alice
Lohmeyer, Safety Harbor; a nephew; and a niece. Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home,
Clearwater.

Thompson, Richard T. "Dick," 65, of Safety Harbor, died Thursday (Oct. 19, 2006)
at Morton Plant Hospital, Clearwater.

He was born in Moline, Ill., and moved to Florida in 1979 from Davenport, Iowa.
He owned Zoeckler's Office Furniture & Supplies in Davenport and later co-owned
Fidlar & Chambers Office Products Division. He owned Pinellas Millwork in St.
Petersburg and currently worked in sales for Sun Proof Corp. of Florida. He was
a former member of Rotary Club International and served as a mentor to other
business owners. He was a member of Feather Sound Community Church and attended
Palm Harbor United Methodist Church. He was president of the Huntington Isles
Homeowners Association, Safety Harbor. He played golf with a passion and enjoyed
fishing while watching the sun rise. He was a former member of Feather Sound
Country Club. Survivors include his wife of 40 years, Gail; two daughters,
Jennifer Thompson, Birmingham, Ala., and Wende Anderson, Palm Harbor; his
mother, Betty Lou Thompson, Moline; a brother, R. B., Woodstock, Ill; a sister,
Linnea Thompson, Moline; and two grandchildren, A.J. Anderson and Annabelle
Anderson. Sylvan Abbey Funeral Home, Clearwater.

Tarpon Springs

Cuffe, Gertrude H. Connors, 89, of Tarpon Springs, died Thursday (Oct. 19, 2006)
at Helen Ellis Memorial Hospital, Tarpon Springs, after a long illness. She was
born in Salem, Mass., and moved here in 2004 from Marblehead, Mass. She worked
several years as a secretary for General Electric Co. before retiring in 1979.
She was a member of local 201 IUE AFL-CIO and Our Lady, Star of the Sea Church.
Survivors include a son, David W., Tarpon Springs; several nieces and nephews;
two grandchildren, Christopher Cuffe and Roxanne Gray; and a
great-granddaughter, Allison P. Gray. Cuffe-McGinn Funeral Home, Lynn, Mass.How
to place funeral notice

Funeral notices and Tributes: Funeral notices and tributes are paid
advertisements that may be purchased by the families of the deceased. These
prepaid notices may include information of the family's choice, including
funeral arrangements and requests for contributions to charitable funds, which
are not normally included in obituaries. Symbols of religious or fraternal
organizations may also be included in a funeral notice. Please ask your funeral
director or the funeral desk representative for details. To order a funeral
notice, memorial item, card of thanks, tribute or for other information, call
893-8518 in Pinellas, or 1-800-333-7505, ext. 8518, elsewhere. Calls are
accepted from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays.

Seminole

Glassmira, John A., 85, of Seminole, died Wednesday (Oct. 18, 2006) at home. He
was born in Philadelphia, and came here several years ago from Pennsylvania. He
was a bricklayer. Survivors include his wife, Patricia A. Purtell. Holloway
Funeral Home, Oldsmar.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, (6)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: OBITUARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                          September 6, 2006 Wednesday

Dog's World: Paws in the Park benefit Sunday

BYLINE: Peggy Johnson

SECTION: INSIDE; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 788  words


Dear Readers: How about taking Rover on a nice walk Sunday for the third annual
Paws in the Park benefit for the Elizabeth Carr Memorial Fund? You can walk
without a dog, too.

This event helps local families deal with childhood cancer.

It all begins at 11 a.m. at the Black Oak Pavillion at Kinder Farm Park. There
will be food and drinks, entertainment, face painting, a 50 / 50 raffle and a
silent auction.

Lizzy's Hats will be on sale, and for each one purchased, a hat of your choice
will be donated to John's Hopkins Pediatric Oncology Unit. For more information
and about pledge sheets, visit www.elizabethcarrmemorialfund.com.

* * *

Last week, I mentioned dogs getting awards for Canine Excellence from the AKC.
Here are a few of the other dogs that will be honored:

Search and Rescue Dog: Morgan from Lebanon, N.J. - Morgan, an English springer
spaniel, is a certified wilderness air scent, water and cadaver search dog. She
and her owner, Katrene Johnson, have participated in over 50 searches
nationwide.

In September 2001, Morgan and Ms. Johnson were called upon to search for DNA
material in the debris from Ground Zero.

Her contribution helped give numerous families the answers they sought about
their loved ones. In 2005, Morgan was instrumental in the relief efforts of
another catastrophe. Hancock County Mississippi called upon search and rescue
teams to help track down missing citizens after the devastating effects of
Hurricane Katrina.

Morgan and a few other teams were responsible for clearing neighborhoods before
residents returned to survey the damage to their homes.

Therapy Dog: Abby, from La Porte, Ind. - Abby , a long-coated Chihuahua, has
logged countless volunteer hours with the La Porte Regional Health Care System.

The staff at the hospital has welcomed Abby and her owner, Katherine Albrecht,
for years.

She is praised by the staff for the difference they have seen in patients after
Abby's visits. Abby and Katherine have had such an impact that they received a
special request to visit a young girl in Indianapolis who was badly injured in a
house fire. U

Abby participates in many community programs and is a great ambassador for pet
therapy. She volunteers for LIL FISH, a program that teaches health and safety
to children. Each year she joins cancer fund-raisers and the Whirlpool
Foundation, which even offers an annual scholarship in Abby's name for her work
in hospice.

Exemplary Companion Dog: K.D. from Carlisle, Penn. - K.D., a 6-year-old golden
retriever, and her owner, Ron Heller, have excelled in a sport that is said to
require agility and speed, not only in the dog, but in the handler, too. Mr.
Heller, affected by cerebral palsy and limited mobility, has proven you can
accomplish anything you set your mind to.

Together, he and K.D. have earned Master Excellent and Agility Excellent Jumper
titles. Watching Ron direct K.D. through a complicated course, it appears to
bystanders as if K.D. is actually reading Ron's mind. His success with .K.D. has
inspired Ron to become an agility instructor, specializing in teaching distance
handling skills. Outside the agility ring, K.D. is a gentle dog that walks
politely on lead. K.D. is a registered therapy dog with Therapy Dog, Inc. Ron
and K.D. visit nursing homes, schools and give training demonstrations at
community events.

Service Dog: Aspen, from Enid, Okla. - Aspen is an 11-year-old Labrador
retriever, who has been Katherine Huggins' constant companion since puppyhood.
At 6 months of age, Aspen revealed a remarkable ability to predict Katherine's
seizures.

Katherine worked with several prominent behaviorists to train Aspen as her
service dog.

As a public fire and safety educator, Ms. Huggins teaches safety and rescue
procedures to rescuers and fire departments.

With Aspen's help she demonstrates rope and water rescues and supervises
students. In 2000, Aspen won the Delta Society Beyond Limits Award as Central
Region Service Dog of the Year. Aspen's achievements have inspired Ms. Huggins
to start a service dog training center and match service dogs with disabled
children ages 10 to 18. With age, Aspen has lost her vision. Just as Aspen
adjusted to her owner's disabilities, Katherine now works to ensure Aspen
maintains the same quality of life.

Their bond of trust is infallible and gets them through each and everyday.

Congratulations to each and every one of those dogs! I am sure there are other
dogs, too, worthy of note and awards. I, personally, know of a few that could
highly recommend! What would we do without dogs!

Now, have you hugged your dog today?

---

Questions about dogs may be sent to Peggy Johnson, "Dog's World" in care of The
Capital, PO Box 911, Annapolis, MD 21404 or e-mail:
dogsworld@hometownannapolis.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                          December 17, 2008 Wednesday

People You Know for 12/17/2008

SECTION: PEOPLE; Liners

LENGTH: 599 words


Items for this column may be e-mailed to com munity@yorkdispatch.com For more
information, call 505-5423.
COMMUNITY
Rep. Eugene A. DePas quale, D-York City, recently received the Elected State
Official of the Year Award from Pennsylvania Citizens for Better Libraries. He
was nominated for the award by Martin Library.
---
Rep. Keith Gillespie, R-Springettsbury Township, was recently named vice
chairman of the National Conference of State Legislatures' Health Committee.
Gillespie is a certified emergency medical technician and paramedic with 32
years of experience in the health care field.
ORGANIZATIONS
Four hundred pounds of commercially processed venison was delivered to New Hope
Ministries' Dillsburg center in November. The donation was part of a state
program called Hunters Sharing the Harvest.
---
The area Association of Fundraising Professionals recently named Ro sanna Felix,
area Lutheran Social Services vice president of philanthropy, Fundraising
Professional of the Year, and honored the York County Community Foun dation with
a Foundation of the Year Award.
COLLEGES
Colleen Shelley of York, a mathematics major, has been named to DeSales
University's Faith and Reason Honors Program.
---
York County-area residents who were honored as university scholars at
Susquehanna University's scholars dinner are:

Laura Gausmann, of York, a senior political science major. She is a 2005
graduate of West York Area High School and is a daughter of the Rev. Paul and
Sally Gausmann.

Timothy Gonzalez, of York Haven, a sophomore music major. He is a 2007 graduate
of Cedar Cliff High School and is a son of the Rev. Joseph Gonzales and Sandra
Gonzalez.

Michelle Lebo, of York, a sophomore psychology major. She is a 2007 graduate of
York Suburban High School and is daughter of John and Deb Lebo.

Gregory Trout, of York, a junior chemistry major. He is a 2006 graduate of West
York Area High School and is a son of Barbara Trout and Jason Trout.
---
Amy J. Stalnecker, of Hanover, and Becky R. Snyder, of York, recently received
associate degrees in nursing from Excelsior College.
---
Jessica Snyder, of Stewartstown, and Russell Spangler, of York Haven, were
inducted into Delta Epsilon Sigma national honor society at Neumann College.
---
Jamie Maloney, a sophomore molecular biology/biotech major, recently
participated in Clarion University's department of biology animal physiology
symposium. A daughter of Elaine Maloney, of York, she is a graduate of
Dallastown Area High School.
---
York College students from York County who were recently named Bill Goodling
Teacher Scholarship recipients are Erica Hake, of Hellam, Mandy Kerns and
Elizabeth Zortman, both of York, and Angela Tome, of Dallastown. Hake, Tome and
Zortman also received Hilda W. Goodling Early Childhood Teacher scholarships.
MILITARY
Army Reserve Pvt. Lauren B. Donohue has graduated from basic combat training at
Fort Jackson, Columbia, S.C. A daughter of Melissa Dono hue, of York, she is a
2008 graduate of Central York High School.
---
Petty Officer 3rd Class Kyle R. Slaymaker, a son of Christine A. Kinsey, of
York, recently returned from a six-month deployment aboard USS Cape St. George,
Peleliu Expeditionary Strike Group.
---
Airman Toni N. Dettinger has graduated from basic military training at Lackland
Air Force Base, San Antonio, Texas. A daughter of Renee Det tinger, of Windsor,
she is a 2008 graduate of York County School of Technology.
---
Pvt. Matthew Arnold has graduated from basic combat training at Fort Jackson,
Columbia, S.C. A son of Cindy Arnold, of Stewartstown, he is a 2004 graduate of
Kennard Dale High School.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                          September 24, 2008 Wednesday

Eva Mae Vance

SECTION: BUSINESS; Obituaries

LENGTH: 489 words


Eva Mae Vance

Eva Mae Vance passed away Monday, Sept. 22, 2008, at her home of six months,
Ingham Regional Medical Facility in Okemos, Mich. She formerly resided at Delta
Retirement Center since 2001. Mrs. Vance was born Jan.

26, 1919, to August Christian and Estella Myrtle Schultz in Bloomington, Ill.
She graduated from Bloomington High School in 1936. She married Guy Pugh Vance
Jr. in 1940 in Dubuque, Iowa. Eva was a loving wife, mother, grandmother and
great- grandmother. She was employed as an accounting clerk at Eureka Williams
Corporation in Bloomington and later at Roland's Department Store in
Bloomington. She and Mr. Vance moved to Rockford, Ill., in 1966, where she was
employed as a manager for Bergner's Department Store, and they later moved to
Batavia, Ill. It was in Batavia where she became employed by Geneva Community
Hospital as assistant to the dietician. Subsequent to her retirement, she worked
as a hospital volunteer and docent at the newly constructed hospital, renamed
Delnor Community Hospital. She was a member of the Order of the Eastern Star,
Fox Valley Chapter No. 265 O.E.S. located in Batavia, and the First Baptist
Church of Batavia. Eva Mae was preceded in death by her parents; in 1999, her
husband, Guy Pugh Vance Jr.; and her siblings, Carl, Elizabeth, Eugene, Vera and
Raymond. Surviving are her children, Jacqueline Sue Vance of Lansing, Mich., and
Richard Guy Vance, of Tacoma, Wash.; grandchildren, Richard Stewart and
Tamberlyn Young and great-grandchildren, Austin, Justin and Valarie Young of
Lansing; Michael John and Elizabeth (Carey) Young and her great- grandchildren,
Andrew Guy and John Charles of West Bend, Wis.; and Stephen Vance and Melissa
Young and great-grandchildren, Scott Vance and Christopher Ivan Young of
Lansing. She is also survived by her sister, Margaret Williams of Hillcrest,
Ore., sister-in-law, Dorothy Jobe, and many nieces and nephews. A special thank
you to Marti, Pam, Terri, Heather, Mary, Beatrice and all the staff in North
Blue at Ingham Regional Medical Facility in Okemos. Mrs. Vance is to be cremated
and interred in Batavia. There will be no service in Lansing. The Eastern Star
of Batavia will perform graveside services for the family at a later date. Those
wishing to make donations may be made in Eva's name to the Guy Vance Scholarship
Fund, c/o the Fox Valley Masonic Lodge., Chapter No. 265. O.E.S., 28 N. Van
Nortwick, Batavia, IL 60510. "Our 'little Eva' will be remembered for her
beautiful red hair and gorgeous blue eyes, her spunk and tenacity, and her
courageous battle to live with macular degeneration and having to give up all
those things in which she excelled and loved: bowling (city champion), golf,
bridge, bingo and finally, her cat, Fluffy. Most of all, we remember her love
for us." Arrangements were made by Tiffany Funeral Home, Lansing, Mich.,
517-321-2211. Friends may visit the guest book at www.tiffanyfuneralhome.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 7, 2011 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                                  Main Edition

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: From staff and wire reports

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1050 words


WOMAN DIES 11 WEEKS AFTER CRASH

A Spokane woman who was hospitalized after a June car crash died Saturday.

Laura E. McHoes, 85, died at 6:40 p.m. at St. Joseph Nursing Center, according
to a Washington State Patrol news release.

The June 20 crash occurred about 8:30 a.m. west of Spokane, the news release
said.

McHoes, driving a Dodge Neon, was eastbound on South Spotted Road. She stopped
at West Airport Drive before attempting to cross the road and collided in the
intersection with Joseph Perry, 28, who was driving a Jeep Liberty.

McHoes was transported by ambulance to Providence Sacred Heart Medical Center,
and later to St. Joseph Nursing Center, the news release said. Perry and his
passenger, Laura Perry, 28, both of Happy Valley, Calif., were taken by
ambulance to Providence Sacred Heart Medical Center.

LAKE COEUR D'ALENE DRAWDOWN STARTS

Avista began its annual fall drawdown of Lake Coeur d'Alene on Tuesday.

The lake will be gradually lowered approximately a foot over the course of
September, and an additional 1 1/2 feet each month until the lake reaches its
winter level. Avista officials said property owners and boaters should take
measures to secure docks and boats in anticipation of lower lake levels.

The slow drawdown will increase Spokane River flows downstream of Post Falls and
will slightly decrease river levels between the lake and Post Falls Bridge.
Spill gates at the Post Falls Dam will not be opened during the drawdown, and
the river should remain open for recreation until November. However, river users
should be aware that water levels can fluctuate at any time depending on weather
and dam operations, officials said.

For more information about water levels, call Avista's hotline. In Idaho, the
number is (208) 769-1357; in Washington it's (509) 495-8043.

YOUTH HUNTING CLINICS INCLUDE MENTORS

The Idaho Department of Fish and Game has scheduled three mentored
waterfowl-hunting clinics for those ages 15 and younger.

The hunts are planned for Sept. 24, the opening day of the annual youth-only
waterfowl season. The mentored hunting clinics will be held at Boundary Creek
Wildlife Management Area, Heyburn State Park and the Clark Fork River delta.

Space is limited and reservations are required. For the Boundary Creek and
Heyburn hunts, contact Dave Leptich at (208) 769-1414. For the Clark Fork hunt,
contact Ray Millard at (208) 264-5252.

Young hunters will need to be accompanied by a nonhunting adult and bring a
shotgun and ammunition. Prior to the event, young hunters will also need to
purchase a youth or small-game license ($7.25) with a federal migratory bird
permit ($1.75).

The Idaho Department of Fish and Game is also seeking experienced waterfowl
hunters willing to assist with the clinics. To volunteer, call either of the
numbers listed above.

GRANT HELPS TOUGHEN SEX OFFENDER LAWS

The Kootenai County prosecutor's office received a $494,000 grant from the U.S.
Justice Department to prosecute people who sexually abuse and exploit children
and to enforce sex offender registration laws.

The two-year grant will be used to set up a task force to investigate and
prosecute child-victim crimes in Idaho's five northern counties, said Prosecutor
Barry McHugh.

The grant from the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services is through the
Child Sexual Predator Program, a news release said. McHugh wrote the grant as a
cooperative venture between law enforcement agencies, including the U.S.
attorney's office and the U.S. Marshals Service.

Other agencies that are partners in the proposal include the Kootenai County
Sheriff's Department; the Coeur d'Alene Tribal Police; the Rathdrum, Spirit Lake
and Post Falls police departments; and the sheriff's and prosecutor's offices of
Shoshone, Boundary, Benewah and Bonner counties.

MEDICAL ASSISTANCE FOR POOR GETS BOOST

The Kootenai County Board of Commissioners and Kootenai Health executives signed
an agreement Tuesday to ensure state-mandated medical services for the poor
would be properly funded.

The County Assistance program has been underfunded in the past, and this year's
appropriation has almost been depleted, the commissioners said in a news
release. The commissioners held a budget hearing Aug. 8 to appropriate $1.01
million to cover that shortfall, the release said.

In addition, next year's budget was increased by $1.12 million to $2.66 million
in order to fully fund the county's obligations. The county provides emergency
medical assistance to qualifying indigent residents for rent, utilities, dental
extractions, prescriptions, burial and cremation, and medical and hospital
expenses.

As part of the agreement, the hospital agreed to accept a 12 percent reduction
in expenses due this fiscal year and a 10 percent reduction for next year, the
release said.

FIRE DANGER HIGH FOR CASCADES, OLYMPICS

SEATTLE - The National Weather Service has issued a red flag warning for a high
level of wildfire dangertoday over much of Washington's Cascade and Olympic
mountains. A combination of low humidity and warm temperatures could create the
potential for explosive fire growth, the weather service warned.

On the Olympic Peninsula near Port Townsend, fire crews contained a wildfire
that burned about 30 acres. That fire had threatened several waterfront homes,
but state Department of Natural Resources spokesman Bryan Flint says no homes
were lost.

Also on the Olympic Peninsula, a 150-acre wildfire closed the Duckabush and
Mount Jupiter trails in the Brothers Wilderness Area. No structures were
threatened by that fire.

Both fires are believed to be human-caused.

TROOPER HELPS CLEAR SMELLY MESS ON I-5

SEATTLE - A Washington State Patrol trooper checking a report of a lost load
slowing traffic in north Seattle found a pile of bloody fish heads spilled
across several lanes of northbound Interstate 5.

So Trooper Jaime Arnold grabbed a shovel and set to work Tuesday evening,
KOMO-TV reported.

A state Transportation Department camera showed him scooping the fish heads and
moving them off the highway, even dodging cars entering the freeway as he made
repeated trips to the side of the road.

About 10 minutes of shoveling cleared the road, and Arnold headed back on
patrol.

State Patrol spokeswoman Julie Startup said it's not clear where the fish heads
came from.

TYPE: Briefs

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 8, 2011



CORRECTION:  The Kootenai County Board of Commissioners and Kootenai Health
signed an agreement Aug. 30 to ensure indigent medical services are fully
funded. Due to an editing error, the wrong date was listed in Wednesday's paper.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 14, 2013 Monday
                                 Every Edition

SECTION: Pg. A14

LENGTH: 850 words


Capital Business has partnered with the nonprofit Sunlight Foundation to bring
you a snapshot of the new clients signed by lobbying firms, based on federal
registration data.


Lobbyist      Client              Issues
Adams & Reese Goodwyn Mills       Economic development opportunities.
              Cawood
Adams & Reese Strike King Lure    Duty-free status for fishing lures
                                  manufactured in Costa Rica.
Akin, Gump et Air Evac Lifeteam   Regulatory standards on air medical
al.                               transportation providers.
Akin, Gump et Puerto Rico         Puerto Rico self determination.
al.           Equality Forum
Ball Janik    Denny Miller        Federal transportation funding and policy.
              Associates
Banner Public NTT Data Federal    Security and Exchange Commission and
Affairs                           Department of Homeland Security.
Barnes &      Envisionware        Securing visa for consultant.
Thornburg
Barnes &      Yatish Air          National Transportation Safety Board
Thornburg                         investigation.
Barnes &      Breckenridge        Insurance and financial service industries
Thornburg     Insurance Group     regulations.
Barnes &      American College of Physician Payment Sunshine Act.
Thornburg     Foot & Ankle
              Surgeons
Capitol       ARMA International  Electronic Message Preservation Act.
Knowledge
Combest, Sell Grower Information  Agricultural producers data and
& Associates  Services            information.
              Cooperative
Cozen &       Audience Partners   Patient Protection and Affordable Care
O'Connor                          Act.
Cozen &       Continuum Health    Centers for Medicaid and Medicare
O'Connor                          Innovation grant and implementation of the
                                  Affordable Care Act.
Denny Miller  Kalispell Regional  Health care.
Associates    Healthcare
East End      Smith & Nephew      Medicare Parts D, B and A; Medicaid; drug
Group                             and device regulation; and public health.
Ferguson      City of Glendale,   Stormwater; transportation infrastructure;
Group         Calif.              water and power utilities; economic
                                  development; urban development; and
                                  veterans.
Ferguson      Cambria (Calif.)    Water supply and waste water.
Group         Community Services
              District
Ferguson      SNF Holding Co.     Water quality and conservation.
Group
Ice Miller    Koch Industries     Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism
Strategies    Public Sector       Standards, cybersecurity and chemicals.
JM Burkman &  Argisol             Real estate.
Associates
Jones and     Meridian Group      Coal and other natural resources.
Associates
K&L Gates     Magnolia LNG        License application with Federal Energy
                                  Regulatory Commission and the Expedite Our
                                  Economy Act of 2013.
Landry,       City of Winslow,    Removal of land use restrictions on city
Creedon &     Ariz.               land.
Associates
Leftwich &    Walton              Federal infrastructure and foreign trade
Ludaway       International Group zones.
McGuire,      Hill-Rom Co.        Health care reform, competitive bidding of
Woods et al.                      durable medical equipment, safe patient
                                  handling and taxation of medical
                                  technology.
McGuire,      MaxWest             Gasifier technology.
Woods et al.  Environmental
              Systems
Mickey Ibarra Pershing Square     Enforcement of consumer protection laws
& Associates  Capital Management  and securities regulations relating to
                                  pyramid schemes.
O'Donovan     American Fuel &     Renewable fuels standard.
Strategies    Petrochemical
              Manufacturers
Parry, Romani TNI Bio Tech        Presenting the company's business plan to
et al.                            prevent and cure disease in the Third
                                  World.
Potomac       Entia Ventures      Health care; defense and intelligence; and
Advocates                         border immigration.
Powers, Pyles Physician Clinical  Data registries.
et al.        Registry Coalition
Quorum Public Qylur Security      Deployment of technology for security
Policy        Systems             applications.
Reed Smith    Rochester City      Small business and transportation
LLP           Lines               regulation.
Smith-Free    American Institute  Cash vs. accrual accounting; Dodd-Frank
Group         of CPAs             Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
                                  Act; and Sarbanes-Oxley tax reform.
Sonny         Poarch Band of      Health care, education and economic
Callahan &    Creek Indians       development.
Associates
Townsend      City of Seal Beach, Sand replenishment.
Public        Calif.
Affairs
Tradewins     Grunfeld,           Requirements for substantiating customs
              Desiderio,          valuation.
              Lebowitz, Silverman
              & Klestadt
U.S.          Alliance of Merger  The Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions,
Government    & Acquisition       Sales and Brokerage Simplification Act of
Relations     Advisors            2013.
International
Van Heuvelen  Actavis             Pharmaceutical manufacturing.
Strategies
Vatoca        Bond & Associates   Flexible, performance-based security
Partners      for the Cyber       standards.
              Secure America
              Coalition
W Strategies  Hyperion            Education and outreach regarding access to
              Therapeutics        therapies for rare diseases.
Walsh Capitol Handmade Cosmetic   Small cosmetic manufacturers and emerging
Consulting    Alliance            businesses.
Washington    National Rural      Electric cooperatives.
Tax Group     Electric
              Cooperative
              Association
Whitmer &     M.M. Hayes Co.      Providing operational efficiencies for
Worrall                           government services.
Williams &    Stifel, Nicolaus &  Reverse mortgages.
Jensen        Co.
Williams &    Pace International  Logistics in Central Asia and the
Jensen                            Caucuses.
Williams &    Infectious Diseases Tax incentives on research into
Jensen        Society of America  antibiotics, antifungals and infectious
                                  disease diagnostic tests.
WilmerHale    Business Software   The cloud and piracy of intellectual
              Alliance            property.
WilmerHale    Association of      Antitrust, rail safety and truck weight
              American Railroads  safety.
WilmerHale    American            Medicare secondary payor.
              Association for
              Justice
WilmerHale    Delta Airlines      Antitrust.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            November 10, 2006 Friday

HEALTH SCENE

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 550 words


Health Scene includes free and low-cost East Bay classes, screenings and events.
Submit items by noon Tuesday for publication the following week. Include a
daytime phone number readers may call. Address items to: Times Health Scene,
P.O. Box 8099, Walnut Creek, CA 94596.

BLOOD DRIVES

American Red Cross, Northern California Blood Services Region -- Bay Point:
noon-6 p.m., Nov. 10. Bay Point Pittsburg Baptist Church, 2586 Willow Pass Road.
800-448-3543, www.beadonor.com, code: BPRA. Concord: 8 a.m.-2 p.m. Nov. 14. Bank
of America Tech Center, Building A Conference Room, 1655 Grant St., Concord.
Appointments: Anne, 925-675-4741, www.beadonor.com, code: BOA84TECH.

Note: Contra Costa Blood Center is open Mondays-Saturdays at 140 Gregory Lane,
Pleasant Hill. To schedule an appointment, call 800-448-3543.

EDUCATION

A Workshop for Couples Affected by Cancer -- 6-8 p.m. Nov. 14. The Wellness
Community, 3276 McNutt Ave., Walnut Creek. Free. Reservations required.
925-933-0107.

Panic & Anxiety Program -- Noon-1 p.m. Mondays and 6:30-7:30 p.m. Wednesdays in
Walnut Creek. Call for location. Director: Judy Schiffman, 732-940-9658.

Preventing Falls -- 1-2:30 p.m. Nov. 14. Alta Bates Summit Medical Center,
Herrick Campus, 2001 Dwight Way, Berkeley. 510-204-4503.

EVENTS

Health Medicine Forum Event on Type II Diabetes -- 6-9:30 p.m. Nov. 10.
Lafayette Veterans Hall, 3780 Mt. Diablo Blvd. 925-210-7414.
www.healthmedicine.org.

FLU

Flu Shot Clinics -- Sutter Visiting Nurse Association (VNA) & Hospice offers flu
shots and pneumonia shots at convenient local sites, in November and December.
Locations and schedule. Antioch: 10 a.m.-noon Nov. 15, Sutter Delta Medical
Center, 3901 Lone Tree Way. Concord: 8:15 a.m.-12:15 p.m. Nov. 12, Queen of All
Saints Church, 2390 Grant St.; 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Nov. 18, Navlet's Garden Center,
1555 Kirker Pass Road. Danville: 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Nov. 11, Andronico's, 345
Railroad Ave. Martinez: 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Nov. 18, Navlet's Garden Center, 6740
Alhambra Ave. Moraga: 8:15 a.m.-noon Nov. 12, St. Monica Church, 1001 Camino
Pablo. Pleasant Hill: 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Nov. 18, Navlet's Garden Center, 2895
Contra Costa Blvd. Walnut Creek: 8:45 a.m.-noon Nov. 19, St. John Vianney
Church, 1650 Ygnacio Valley Road. $25 flu; $35 pneumonia. 800-500-2400,
http://www.suttervna.org/services/services_flushot.html.

MISCELLANEOUS

A Meeting for Eating Disorders -- 10 a.m.-noon. Saturdays. Casa Serena, 1868
Clayton Road, Suite 123, Concord. 925-682-8252.

The Diagnosis of Cancer -- 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m. second and fourth Tuesdays monthly.
A professionally led group addresses issues of recovery, celebrating
survivorship and relating to others in a supportive and therapeutic manner. 450
30th St., Peralta Pavilion, Suite 2810, Oakland. Free. Registration:
510-869-8833, www.healthybreasts.info.

SCREENINGS

Blood Pressure -- 10 a.m. -noon. third Wednesdays monthly. John Muir Medical
Center, Concord Campus. 2540 East St., Concord. Free. 925-674-2586.

Blood Pressure -- 10-11:30 a.m. third Thursdays monthly. Contra Costa Jewish
Community Center, 2071 Tice Valley Blvd., Walnut Creek. Free. 925-674-2586.

HIV Testing -- Contra Costa Health Services is offering HIV testing and
counseling services in several cities throughout the county. Locations and
schedule: 925-313-6771, www.cchealth.org.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Contra Costa Times (California)

                             August 5, 2005 Friday

Datebook

SECTION: NEWS; BRIEF; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 1712 words


Datebook items are published free for nonprofit organizations and must be
submitted in writing seven working days before publication. Send to our office,
1700 Cavallo Road, Antioch, CA 94509. Announcement forms may be obtained by
calling 925-779-7173 or e-mail shargis@cctimes.com

Classes

Pittsburg Adult Education -- Announces fall quarter registration 8: a.m.-noon,
Aug. 20, 4 p.m.-8 p.m. Aug. 22-25, 8 a.m.-4 p.m. Aug. 22-26, 1151 Stoneman Ave.,
Pittsburg. For more information call 925-473-4460 or
www.pittsburg.k12.ca.us/paec

Events

East County Historical Society Museum -- Barbecue, 2-6 p.m. Sept. 11, 3890
Sellers Ave., Brentwood. Purchase tickets at the booth. Adults $15, children $
8, under 6 free.

Military Appreciation Day -- 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Aug. 21, Pittsburg Yacht Club, 3
Marina Blvd. Local active military and/or their families are invited for lunch
and boat ride. Free.

Schooner's 5th Annual Golf Tournament -- Oct. 3 at Shadow Lakes Golf Course.
Scramble format includes lunch and awards banquet. $95 registration fee until
Sept. 1. $105 late registration. Forms available at Schooner's, 4250 Lone Tree
Way, Antioch. Call Tom Menasco 925-325-3255 for more information.

Fund-raisers

Pittsburg Rotary Golf Tournament -- Will be hosting the Mayor's Cup golf
tournament. 1 p.m. Sept. 23, Delta View Golf Course, 2232 Golf Club Road,
Pittsburg. All proceeds go to the Pittsburg Youth Scholarship and for new
dictionary funds. $25 per person. Call 925-439-6964 for additional information.

Seeking Excellence in Education(Seed) -- Will be hosting Casino Fun in the Delta
Sun, 5 p.m.- 11 p.m. Sept. 10, Discovery Bay Athletic Club. Proceeds go to the
three Byron schools. $ 35 includes dinner, dessert, coffee, one drink ticket and
$50 in casino bucks. For more information call Shelly 925-634-0850.

Friends of Antioch Library Book Sale -- Noon-6 p.m. Aug. 5, 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Aug.
6, 501 W. 18th St., Antioch. Gently used books, videos and audio cassettes for
$1 or less. Call 925-757-9224 for information.

Delta Quilters Annual Quilt Show -- 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Sept. 10 and 10 a.m.-4 p.m.
Sept. 11, Contra Costa County Fairgrounds, 1201 W. 10th St., Antioch. More than
200 quilts, wearable art and accessories, general store, quilting and vendors.
Benefits Aspira, Pregnancy Center, The Bedford Center and other local
organizations. $5. 925-240-0559.

East Contra County Historical Society -- Old-fashion picnic and barbecue 2 to 6
p.m., Sept. 11. 3890 Sellers Ave., Brentwood. Adults $15, children 6-10 $8,
children under 6 free. For more information call Jody Merriam at 925-240-0288 or
Joyce Enos at 925-634-7116.

Miscellaneous

Antioch Library -- 501 W. 18th St., Antioch. 10 a.m.-8 p.m. Mondays, Tuesdays
and Wednesdays; noon-8 p.m. Thursdays; noon-6 p.m. Fridays; 10 a.m.-6 p.m.
Saturdays. 925-757-9224.



 "Dragon's, Dreams and Daring Deeds" -- Swazzle Puppets present Hazel and the
Dragon 11 a.m. Aug. 20, Antioch Library, 501 W. 18th St., Antioch. Free to all
ages. Call 925-757-9224 for additional information.

Bay Point Library -- 205 Pacifica Ave., 2:30-8 p.m. Mondays and Tuesdays; 2:30-6
p.m. Fridays; and noon-5 p.m. Saturdays. 925-458-9597.



 Friends of the Bay Point Library meets from 7-8 p.m. the first Thursday of each
month at the library inside the Riverview Middle School. This newly-formed group
is working to raise funds for library programs for both adults and children.
925-753-0681.

Brentwood Library -- 751 Third St. 10 a.m.-8 p.m. Mondays through Thursdays, and
10 a.m.-6 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays. 925-634-4101.

Bridge & Pinochle Club -- 12:15-3:30 p.m. Fridays, Arts & Crafts room, Pittsburg
Senior Center, 300 Presidio Lane. 925-439-4001.

Contra Costa County Bar Association free legal assistance -- Provided every
second and fourth Thursdays by the county bar group to East County residents.
Free. 925-825-5700.

Contra Costa Library and netLibrary -- eBooks, electronic versions of published
books that library patrons can search, borrow, read and return over the
Internet, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Featured subject areas include
general reference, careers, business, investing, computers, health and travel.
Also, netLibrary eBooks in the public domain features classics in literature and
history. 925-646-6423 or www.contra-costa.lib.ca.us

Farmers Market -- Every 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Saturdays through Nov. 19, the city of
Pittsburg will host a Farmers Market. at the corner of Railroad Ave. and Sixth
St. Choose from a wide selection of California fruits, vegetables, flowers and
more. Free family entertainment and kid's activities. 800-949-3276.

Food Bank of Contra Costa and Solano -- Distributes food in Antioch 10 a.m.-noon
first Wednesdays monthly at the Veterans Memorial Hall, West Sixth Street.
Recipients bring own bag. 925-676-7543.

Food bank -- Send monetary or food donations to Pittsburg's Community Emergency
Service, 195 Alvarado Ave., Pittsburg, CA 94565. PICES, at 585 W. 10th St.,
Pittsburg, gives a five-day food supply to people in need. Hours are 1-3 p.m.
Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Referral from a local church needed prior to
visit. 925-439-5857.

Foster and Adoptive Families needed -- Help a child in need with the help of
Aspira Foster & Family Services. Shelly Carter, 925-753-2156.

Free smoke alarms available -- East County homeowners ages 60 and older or those
who are physically challenged, do not have a working smoke detector or own an
existing detector more than 10 years old, may be eligible for a free smoke
detector plus installation. Public Education Unit, Contra Costa County Fire
Protection District, 925-941-3327.

HALO Homeless Animal Adoptions-- Adoptions, Noon-3 p.m. Saturdays at Pet Food
Express, Slatten Ranch shopping plaza at Lone Tree Way and Highway 4 Bypass. Dog
and cat adoptions, noon-3 p.m. Sundays, PETsMART, 4683 Century Blvd., Pittsburg.
925-473-4642 or HALO, P.O. Box 2011, Antioch, CA, 94531-2011. Proceeds will be
used for spaying, neutering and other veterinary medical care costs.

August and September adopt a dog or cat and your name will be entered in to a
drawing for a chance to win a hand crafted pet item. Winners will be named 9
a.m.-1 p.m. Oct. 1 at a HALO event at the Oakley Farmers Market. For more
information call 925-473-4642 or www.eccchalo.org



 Tiny Tickets Program. Send BART tickets with any remaining balance to P.O. Box
2011, Antioch, 94531.



 Tiny Tickets Program. Send BART tickets with any remaining balance to P.O. Box
2011, Antioch, 94531.



 Foster Homes needed for dogs, puppies, cats and kittens. 925-473-4642.

Hazardous Waste Collection -- Delta Diablo Sanitation District has opened a free
Household Hazardous Waste Facility program at 2550 Pittsburg-Antioch Highway,
Antioch. Hours are 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays. Materials must be
dropped off in sturdy, nonleaking containers no larger than five gallons.
925-756-1990 or www.ddsd.org

Health Care for the Homeless -- Contra Costa County Health Services Health Care
for the Homeless offers free medical clinics for those who qualify as homeless
and are without medical insurance. 925-313-6250.



 Mondays: 10:30 a.m. John Muir/Mt. Diablo Van, Ambrose Community Center, 3105
Willow Pass Road, Bay Point. James, 925-313-6166.



 Second Mondays monthly: 4 p.m., Pittsburg Family Shelter, 84 W. Sixth St.
925-439-8559.



 Fourth Mondays monthly: 4 p.m., Antioch Family Shelter, 4543 Delta Fair Blvd.
James, 925-313-6166.



 Wednesdays: 1:30 p.m. John Muir/Mt. Diablo Van, The Salvation Army, 20 W. 10th
St., Antioch, 925-754-2946.



 Second and fourth Wednesdays: 5 p.m., Village Drive Resource Center, 633
Village Drive, Brentwood. 925-513-3107.

Honor/Memorial Book Drive -- Remember a loved one by donating a memory book, or
make an occasion special by donating an honor book to the Brentwood and Oakley
libraries. Orders begin at $25 and can be made by visiting or calling either
library: Brentwood Library, 925-634-4101; Oakley Library, 925-625-2400.

Loaves and Fishes meals -- Loaves and Fishes of Contra Costa serves free meals
to anyone who is hungry.



 Antioch dining room: 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m. Monday -Friday, United Pentecostal of
Antioch, 101 West Ninth St. 925-519-0394.



 Bay Point dining room: 11 a.m.-12:45 p.m. Monday -Friday, Church of Christ, 99
Mountain View Ave. 925-642-8726.



 Oakley dining room: 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m. Monday-Friday, St. Anthony Church, 971
O'Hara Ave. 925-354-0108.



 Pittsburg dining room: 11 a.m.-12:45 p.m. Monday-Friday, Seventh Day Adventist,
900 Los Medanos St. 925-432-7355.

Neighborhood Watch -- The Antioch Police Department and the Police Commission
present this crime prevention program. 925-779-6980.

Oakley Library -- 10 a.m.-9 p.m. Tuesdays and Wednesdays; 2-9 p.m. Thursdays;
2-6 p.m. Fridays; and 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Saturdays, 1050 Neroly Road on the Freedom
High School campus. 925-625-2400.



 Book Buddy Program: 3-4 p.m. Tuesdays. Open to all ages. Free.

Pinochle -- 1-4 p.m. Thursdays, Brentwood Community Center, 730 Third St.
925-634-8275.

Pittsburg Library --Noon-8 p.m. Mondays, 10 a.m.-8 p.m. Tuesdays, Wednesdays and
Thursdays, Noon-6 p.m. Fridays and 10 a.m.-6 p.m. Saturdays. 80 Power Ave.
across from the parking lot of the Pittsburg Civic Center 925-427-8390.

Pittsburg Youth Academy camps -- Is accepting applications for youth weekend
discipline camp for boys and girls ages 10-18. 925-864-9114.

Pool tournament and card games -- Pool tournaments 7 p.m. Tuesdays. Pinochle on
Wednesday nights, Veterans of Foreign Wars, 815 Fulton Shipyard Road, Antioch.
925-757-2010.

Tri Delta Transit bus passes -- Bus passes, including Dial-a-ride, Brentwood
Dime-a-ride and Fixed Route coupon books, are on sale 8:30 a.m.-5 p.m. weekdays,
Brentwood Community Center, 730 Third St. Benefiting special needs children in
Contra Costa County. 925-516-5444.

Youth Activity Scholarship Fund -- For families in financial need. As much as
$125 per family per year is available from the Youth Activity Scholarship Fund
for Antioch Leisure Services programs. Scholarships are on a first-come,
first-served basis. 925-779-7070, ext. 0.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, CA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             June 20, 2006 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

Creative Capital Foundation lifts;
Hope for financial aid to Maine artists

BYLINE: KRISTEN ANDRESEN OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A1

LENGTH: 897 words

DATELINE: ROCKPORT


Maine artists could gain substantial financial support - as well as the tools to
sustain and secure their creative work - through a potential partnership with
the national Creative Capital Foundation.

On Friday, foundation representatives attended the Maine Arts Commission's
annual meeting as part of a broader effort to assess the formal and informal
networks now in place to help artists. Creative Capital, a New York-based
organization, has given nearly $5 million to support the work of 297 artists in
28 states and the District of Columbia since 1999. It uses a venture-capital
approach, providing individual artists with financial aid and professional
services over the long term.

In late 2005, Maine and Arizona were selected from 17 applicants for Creative
Capital's State Research Project to study whether or not its national grant
-giving model could be adapted to the state level better to serve individual
artists. If that's the case, Creative Capital would launch a pilot project in
one or both states in 2007.

Ruby Lerner, Creative Capital's executive director, likens her organization to
the National Folk Festival and its parent, the National Council for the
Traditional Arts. She envisions Creative Capital working with a state for three
or four years, forging connections with local and national donors to help the
state get its own, self-sustaining program up and running.

"Should there be a determination that a model like Creative Capital's be viable,
we'd seek additional funding," Lerner said Monday by phone from New York. "We're
happy to share with you what we've built, and we're happy to work with you to
see what can be built using our model."

Alden Wilson, director of the Maine Arts Commission, says the project could
result in an artists' fund for Maine. Though grants would be given to
individuals, entire communities could benefit from the economic spinoff.

"We don't know what the size is, but it could be a million dollars," Wilson said
Friday at the annual meeting held at the Center for Maine Contemporary Art in
Rockport. "I think what's so important is that Maine and Arizona were selected -
that shows Creative Capital has such a high respect for what's going on in
Maine."

Creative Capital was founded in 1999, after the federally funded National
Endowment for the Arts stopped giving individual artist grants. The foundation
funds artists in all disciplines with the intention of fostering innovative
work.

Maine's own innovative spirit, embodied in its "institutional and integrated"
approach to the creative economy, stood out among the 17 states that applied for
the research project.

"Maine is already working on issues around the creative economy, and Maine arts
groups were interested in looking at how individual artists are vital to that
creative economy," Lerner said. "It's not just about building up organizations,
but looking at how individuals contribute to the whole."

The foundation focuses not only on creating programs, but using them to advance
the careers of artists. In Maine, artist-led initiatives to develop affordable
studio and living space, secure low-cost health care and ease geographic
isolation appealed to the artists and arts professionals who evaluated the
states' proposals. They found Maine and Arizona to be at a pivotal point in
terms of investing in their arts infrastructure.

During Friday's meeting, Barbara Schaffer Bacon and Kathie de Nobriga,
independent consultants working with Creative Capital, asked commission members
to list the state's arts assets and "deltas" - things that need to change.

"What can be gained with a closer partnership with the state?" Schaffer Bacon
asked the group of nearly 70. "What's the nature of a program that would serve
Maine well?"

The answers were many and varied, but several themes emerged. Leadership at the
state level, the state's tradition as a haven for artists and the idea that
Maine is a place to make not just a living, but a life, all were listed as
positives. Accessibility, a disconnect between northern and southern Maine, and
the level of support for arts education, artists and facilities all were
mentioned as issues.

Because the partnership between Maine and Creative Capital would involve
fundraising on the state and national level, commission members underscored the
importance of finding new philanthropic sources so that money isn't taken away
from other ventures.

"Maine and Creative Capital would both bring resources to the table, and we'd
get to new sources [in Maine] - that is the hope," Schaffer Bacon said.

In breakout sessions, participants stressed that if the project becomes a
reality, it must be sustainable. They also focused on the need to engage the
private and public sectors and the need to identify organizational partners to
get artists on board early on.

These recommendations will be taken back to Creative Capital, which could
announce its decision as early as this fall. From there, the program would be
tailored to Maine's needs.

"At the end of the day, this is not going to be owned by Creative Capital,"
Lerner said. "We'll serve as an information broker, a catalyst, a facilitator to
bring people from the state together with national funders, parallel to the role
we play with our artists."


For information on Creative Capital, visit www.creative-capital.org. For
information on the Maine Arts Commission, visit www.artsmaine.org.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 9, 2014 Saturday

Washington: U.S. Companies in Burma: Doing Business Responsibly

LENGTH: 1345  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Secretary of State has issued the following news release:

The U.S. Government supports efforts to set a high standard for responsible
business conduct in Burma and believes that this will have long-lasting positive
impacts for both U.S. business and the Burmese people. Through the U.S.
Responsible Investment Reporting Requirements, U.S. companies making significant
investments in Burma must be fully transparent about payments made to the
government and about how they respect human rights in their business operations.
U.S. Companies have committed a total of approximately $612 million in foreign
investment in Burma since July 2012.

Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)

The U.S. Government is encouraging responsible investment in Burma as part of an
overall strategy to support development, improve the quality of life of standard
of living of Burmese people. Consequently, U.S. companies are not only seeking
investment opportunities in Burma but actively engaging local communities to
support broad-based development. They are investing millions of dollars in
microfinance for rural citizens, developing women entrepreneurs, training
engineers and managers, offering apprenticeship opportunities to youth, and
providing tens of millions of gallons of clean water to those without access to
potable water. Established in October 2013, the American Chamber of Commerce
Myanmar chapter principles include: compliance with national laws; respect for
the individual and dignity of workers; provision of training and education for
employees; adherence to environmentally responsible practices; and the promotion
of high standards of professionalism and business ethics.

Just a sample of U.S. companies' contributions to Burma through their CSR
projects is listed below:

Cisco's Network Academies train students on critical information technology and
networking skills. The academies train instructors in Cisco Career certification
and continuing training on new curricula. Course content will be incorporated
into the curriculum of the University of Computer Science's twenty five
branches.

 Proctor & Gamble has committed $2 million to provide clean drinking water,
promote better hygiene behaviors, and build capacity to deliver imported health
services. Since 2011, P&G and its NGO partners have provided 45 million of
liters of clean drinking water to families affected by floods, droughts or
chronic water scarcity across the country.

 Coca-Cola's $200 million investment will create more than 22,000 jobs across
the entire value chain by 2018. The Coca-Cola Foundation is working with Pact, a
respected NGO, to implement Swan-Yi, a three-year program to empower nearly
25,000 women, focusing on financial literacy, entrepreneurship and business
management.

 As GE entered Burma, the GE Foundation announced a $7 million commitment to
support broad training and capacity-building efforts to strengthen Healthcare,
Energy Infrastructure, Leadership Development and Rule-of-Law. As part of this
commitment, the GE Foundation will expand its 'Developing Health Globally'
program in the ASEAN region, with $3 million in new funding to include Burma.

 MasterCard and Mercy Corps have partnered to provide business and financial
literacy skills to women and small businesses in Burma. With MasterCard's
support, Mercy Corps implemented a business literacy program in 2013 to educate
small farmers and households on basic business skills and money management
practices. The program has now been expanded to provide targeted services to
women entrepreneurs in the Irrawaddy Delta region.

 Caterpillar's dealer, Myan Shwe Pyi Tractors, runs a technical apprenticeship
program at no-cost for economically disadvantaged high school graduates who
cannot afford a university education. It is also a long-standing supporter of
Helen Keller International's efforts to prevent blindness in Burma. The
Caterpillar Foundation has also invested $100,000 in Burma to support the design
and delivery of innovative products that can raise rural incomes.

 The Abbott Fund, the foundation of the global health care company Abbott, has
provided the U.S. Secretary of State's International Fund for Women and Girls
with $1 million to support grassroots organizations that are working to advance
health, education, and economic opportunity for women in Burma.

 Ford and its partners contributed $80,000 to construct an education center for
children who study at a monastery just outside Rangoon. The funds were donated
as part of Ford's inaugural Community Grants Program in Burma.

 U.S. insurer ACE Group has provided $600,000 in support for malaria prevention
and the development of safe water, sanitation and hygiene networks in three
refugee camps on the Burma/Thailand border. It has also provided a grant of
$300,000 to train and certify Burmese refugees in camps on the border to become
health care workers.

 Chevron's Sustainable Health Improvement and Empowerment (SHINE) program has
directly improved the lives of nearly one million Burmese in almost 1,500
villages since 2003 through Village Health and Development Funds that provide
villagers with grants and loans for improvements in business, health,
agricultural practices and infrastructure.

 RMA Group is participating in a countrywide road safety campaign and invests in
the quality education of its workforce as a primary mission. It has created more
than 400 jobs locally and anticipates doubling that in 2014.

 Hewlett Packard (HP) has launched its Learning Initiative for Entrepreneurs
(LIFE), an online business and information technology program. HP has
established two of 12 planned HP LIFE centers, equipped with computers, learning
solutions and internet to enable access to HP LIFE e-Learning by entrepreneurs.

 Gap Inc. is partnering with CARE International to deliver its award-winning
women's advancement program, P.A.C.E. (Personal Advancement & Career
Enhancement), in the factories in which it does business. P.A.C.E. promotes the
advancement of female garment workers by providing life skills education and
technical training.

 Colgate-Palmolive is providing oral health education to schoolchildren though
its "Bright Smiles, Bright Futures" program, in cooperation with the Ministry of
Health and Ministry of Education. It also partners with Burma's major dental
association, sponsoring free dental check-ups as part of Oral Health Month.

 Western Union (WU) and its partners are sponsoring an International
Organization for Migration (IOM) program aimed at promoting awareness among
potential Burmese migrant workers about safe migration. The Western Union
Foundation is matching all funds raised by WU's partner banks. In addition to a
$62,000 grant to IOM, the foundation has pledged $24,000 to build a library and
computer center at a rural high school near Rangoon.

 The Myanma Computer Company (MCC) has formed a strategic alliance with
Microsoft that will see 100,000 people trained and equipped with workforce-ready
IT skills over the next three years. Under the alliance, the MCC will offer new
programs in cloud computing and other emerging technologies.

 Covidien is committed to helping provide clinical education for healthcare
professionals in Burma in order to improve patient care. It is working with the
country's surgical society and several medical universities throughout Burma to
conduct basic surgical workshops for post-graduate students. Covidien is also
facilitating workshops for Burmese clinicians in advanced surgical procedures
focused on colorectal and gastric surgery.

 PepsiCo is partnering with the UN Educational, Scientific and Cultural
Organization (UNESCO) and the Ministry of Education to develop vocational
training initiatives. This partnership will establish a Center of Excellence for
Business Skills Development at Yangon Institute of Economics and create
curricula and training materials to help youth entering the workforce. PepsiCo
is also exploring opportunities to invest in agricultural development projects.

For more information please visit: http://www.state.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                   February 13, 2002 Wednesday, Home Edition

Daily Briefing

SOURCE: AJC REPORTS AND NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: Business; Pg. 2F

LENGTH: 1701 words


* DENOTES ITEM OF PARTICULAR LOCAL INTEREST

AUTOMOTIVE: Toyota adds three minority dealerships

Torrance, Calif. --- Toyota Motor Corp. said it added three U.S. dealerships
owned by minorities as part of efforts by Japan's biggest carmaker to increase
the company's racial diversity in the largest auto market. The additions raise
the number of Toyota and Lexus lots owned by minorities or women to 97, or 7
percent of the company's 1,395 U.S. dealerships, Toyota spokesman Xavier
Dominicis said. Only Ford Motor Co. has a bigger share, 7.1 percent, of its
dealerships that are minority-owned, Toyota said.

DEALS: Mrs. Smith's Bakeries buys Gordon's Pies

* Mrs. Smith's Bakeries has acquired rival Gordon's Pies. Terms of the deal were
not disclosed. Suwanee-based Mrs. Smith's is a unit of Flowers Foods, a publicly
traded company whose other brands include Pet-Ritz and others. Gordon's Pies is
based in Londonderry, N.H.

GE to purchase Hercules water unit

Fairfield, Conn. --- General Electric Co. agreed to buy Hercules Inc.'s
industrial water-treatment business for $1.8 billion in cash, expanding GE's
specialty-materials lines. Adding the BetzDearborn unit will give GE the
second-biggest water-treatment company, with about $1 billion in revenue and a
sales force of 2,000.

Wellspring completes American Coin deal

New York --- Wellspring Capital Management LLC said it completed its purchase of
American Coin Merchandising, the owner of vending machines that dispense stuffed
animals, watches and jewelry, for $126 million. Shareholders will receive $8.50
in cash for each share outstanding of Boulder, Colo.-based American Coin common
stock, Wellspring said.

FINANCE: Moody's backs off ratings change plan

New York --- Moody's Investors Service is backing away from a proposal to raise
and lower credit assessments more often, bowing to pressure from investors who
said the plan would make bond prices too volatile. Moody's is seeking to balance
demands from investors that ratings don't change too quickly with calls from
regulators and lawmakers that procedures be tightened to detect companies whose
credit is deteriorating.

Credit Suisse merging four funds

New York --- Credit Suisse Asset Management is merging four mutual funds to
tailor its product line for distribution by financial advisers, an executive
said. The asset management unit of Credit Suisse First Boston plans to merge the
$322 million Credit Suisse International Equity Fund and the $23.5 million
Credit Suisse International Small Company Fund into the $30.4 million Credit
Suisse International Focus Fund, subject to shareholder approval. It plans to
merge the $20.6 million Credit Suisse Balanced Fund into the $225 million Credit
Suisse Large Cap Value Fund, and the $69.5 million Credit Suisse Japan Small Cap
Fund into the $52.6 million Credit Suisse Japan Growth Fund.

First USA fires 200 employees

Wilmington, Del. --- First USA Inc., the Bank One Corp. credit-card unit that's
lost almost a quarter of its customers since 1999, fired 200 employees in
marketing, operations and other areas as it cuts costs to boost profit. Some 130
of the dismissed employees worked at the third-largest U.S. credit-card issuer's
corporate headquarters in Wilmington, Del., and 70 are at sites in Illinois,
Maryland and Ohio.

FOOD/BEVERAGE: Coke, CCE probe in Europe still on

* The European Commission is continuing an antitrust investigation against
Coca-Cola Enterprises and Coca-Cola Co. and will release details by April,
Bloomberg News reported Tuesday. Amelia Torres, a spokeswoman for the European
Commission, declined to discuss details of the inquiry and said the
investigation is "still at an early stage." She also declined to identify a
timetable for releasing results of the investigation, which began in May 2000.
John Downs, a spokesman for Atlanta-based CCE, said the company is "fully
cooperating with the commission in their continuing investigation."

HEALTH CARE: Bristol-Myers demands rejected by ImClone

New York --- ImClone Systems rejected partner Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.'s demands
to remove top executives and hand over control of its stalled cancer drug,
Erbitux. Bristol-Myers, the largest maker of cancer drugs, threatened to walk
away from their partnership if ImClone rejected its terms, which also include
taking a bigger share of profit from the drug and canceling $800 million in
payments. Bristol-Myers may hold off a decision until after a key meeting
between ImClone and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Erbitux later this
month, analysts said. The FDA will outline what ImClone needs to do to submit an
acceptable application after the agency refused in December to consider
ImClone's research on Erbitux.

HOSPITALITY: Augusta restaurant shucks old name

Augusta --- The Eat-a-Plenty restaurant, known for its fresh-cut fries,
foot-long chili-slaw dogs and giant hamburgers, is closing after 40 years in
Augusta. But new owner Charles Butcher has bought all the Eat-a-Plenty assets
--- including the recipes --- and plans to cook the same food in the same spot
and sell it at the same price. The new name of the eatery is Shuck's.

LAWSUITS: Ford, Bridgestone win round in court

Chicago --- Ford Motor Co. and Bridgestone/Firestone Americas Holding won the
right to appeal a federal court decision to grant class status in millions of
claims related to tire failures and Explorer rollovers. The 7th U.S. Circuit
Court of Appeals in Chicago said it will hear oral arguments in April on the
appeal by Ford and Bridgestone, which seek to reverse the class certification.

Target Corp. denies charge of racial bias

Minneapolis --- Target Corp., a discount retailer sued by the federal government
over allegations it wouldn't hire blacks for entry-level management jobs in
Wisconsin, said the claims are without merit. The U.S. Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission, in the race discrimination suit filed in Milwaukee, also
names stores in the Wisconsin cities of Madison and Delafield.

Qwest Corp. to pay in 'cramming' case

Portland, Ore. --- Oregon Attorney General Hardy Myers said Tuesday that Qwest
Corp. will pay $575,000 to settle complaints the Denver-based telephone company
packaged extra but unwanted services to customers, a practice known as
"cramming." Myers said Qwest also misrepresented its wireless service and its
high-speed Internet access service, called DSL, or digital subscriber line.

MANUFACTURING: Lockheed to build 1* F-22s for $2.7 billion

* Bethesda, Md. --- Lockheed Martin Corp., the nation's largest defense
contractor, said it won a $2.7 billion contract from the U.S. Air Force for 1*
F-22 fighter aircraft. The air-to-air combat jets are scheduled for delivery at
the end of 2004. The Marietta-built F-22 is expected to begin flying in 2005 as
a replacement for the F-15.

Kaiser Aluminum files for Chapter 11

Houston --- Kaiser Aluminum Corp. filed for voluntary Chapter 11 bankruptcy
Tuesday, blaming a weak economy, depressed prices and asbestos litigation.
Kaiser and its wholly owned subsidiary, Kaiser Aluminum & Chemical Corp., each
filed bankruptcy petitions in a Delaware federal court. The Houston-based
producer of alumina, primary aluminum and fabricated aluminum products is
expected to continue general operations as it restructures.

Milacron cutting 11% of jobs, closing plants

Cincinnati --- Milacron Inc., a maker of plastics molding equipment, said it
will eliminate about 1,150 jobs, or 11 percent of its work force, and close 14
plants as demand for its products falls. The company, which expanded job
reductions because of weakening sales, expects to complete most of the cuts by
the middle of the year.

MARKETING: Verizon to sponsor NBA halftime show

New York --- Verizon Communications, the biggest U.S. local-telephone company,
reached agreement with the National Basketball Association to become the
league's official wireless service provider. Terms weren't disclosed. Verizon
Wireless will sponsor the halftime show of NBA games broadcast on NBC for the
remainder of the season.

TELECOMS: Unions refuse request by AT&T

Basking Ridge, N.J. --- The Communications Workers of America and the
International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers have refused an offer from AT&T
to extend the unions' current contracts, AT&T announced Tuesday. The offer would
have extended the agreements for up to 18 months. AT&T's proposal included a 6
percent wage increase over 18 months and a pension increase. The unions said the
offer did not address job security.

TRANSPORTATION: Delta flight attendants to get defense course

* Delta Air Lines will soon begin offering voluntary self-defense training for
flight attendants. Delta said it has contracted with PPCT Management Systems, an
Illinois-based company that specializes in defense training, to conduct the
courses. Flight attendants will be paid during the training, which will begin in
mid-March. Delta joins other carriers in offering defense classes for flight
crews in the wake of the Sept. 11 hijackings.

Union complains Delta interfered with vote

* Delta Air Lines flight attendants trying to form a union told the National
Mediation Board in a complaint filed Tuesday that the carrier interfered with a
recent vote. The Association of Flight Attendants, which wants to organize the
third-largest carrier's 19,000 flight attendants, believes Delta broke the law
when it told 3,000 flight attendants who were laid off they couldn't vote in a
December election and led others to think their jobs were at risk if they backed
the union.

UTILITIES/ENERGY: Mirant sells share in Berlin electric utility

* Mirant Corp. has completed the sale of its stake in Berliner Kraft und Licht,
Berlin's electric utility, netting more than $1 billion in cash. Mirant sold its
stake in the Berlin utility for $1.6 billion to the Swedish utility Vattenfall,
its venture partner.

COMPILED FROM STAFF REPORTS, DOW JONES NEWS SERVICE, BLOOMBERG NEWS AND
ASSOCIATED PRESS

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Brief

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             May 30, 2013 Thursday

Religious events in East Contra Costa

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 1158 words


Events

The Society of St. Vincent de Paul seeking volunteers: Bilingual social workers,
nurses, pharmacists, physicians needed for a few hours a month to bring quality
health care to the poor and uninsured at the RotaCare Pittsburg Free Medical
Clinic. All malpractice insurance provide. Clinic hours are 4-8 p.m. Wednesdays
and 9 a.m.-noon on the second and fourth Saturday. Katie Messina, 925-439-2009
or eamilkatiem@rotacarebayarea.org .

On Hoops4Him: Basketball open to everyone 8-10 p.m. Mondays, Adams Middle
School, 401 American Ave, Brentwood. Sponsored by Golden Hills Community Church.
First time is free; $2 after. Rich Lopez,
925-783-4669.www.facebook.com/pages/Hoops4Him/118124828226113 .

Helping Young People Excel: HYPE meets every third Friday, 415 W. Sixth St.,
Antioch. Junior and senior high school students invited to play games, listen to
music, dance and more. A positive Christian environment for youth. $5 donation,
raffle tickets $1. 925-778-1639.

Vacation Bible School

Grace Bible Fellowship Activity Camp: 8 a.m.-6 p.m. Monday-Friday, June 10-21,
913 Sunset Drive, Antioch. Activities include field trips to a water park,
bowling, movies and more. For children 8-17. Registration fee $25. $150 per
child, per week. Vinnie Valentine, 925-207-7049 or 925-522-2017.

Royal Adventure At Kingdom Rock: 8:45 a.m.-noon June 17-21, St. Anne Church,
2800 Camino Diablo Road, Byron. Games, music, science projects, snacks, Bible
study and fun. For children kindergarten through sixth grade. $30 per child.
Scholarships available. Tammy, 925-784-1429.

Holy Rosary Kingdom Rock: 6-8:30 p.m. June 17-21, Holy Rosary Parish Center, 21
E. 15th St., Games, Bible studies, music, more. For children preschool-sixth
grade. $40 per child; includes T-shirt ($85 maximum per family). Register by
June 1. 925-757-9515 orhrpcenter@aol.com .

Colossal Coaster World: 9 a.m.-12:30 p.m. June 24-28, Golden Hills Community
Church, 2401 Shady Willow Lane, Brentwood. For children kindergarten-fifth
grade. $30 per child.
925-516-0653,http://www.goldenhills.org/ministries/children/vbs.php .

Armor of God: 8:45 a.m.-noon July 8-12, Impact Christian Church, 390 W. Country
Club Drive, Suite B, Brentwood. For children ages 4 through fifth grade. $20 per
child; snacks included. 925-325-5020,www.impactbrentwood.org .

Bible studies

Antioch Family Church Prayer and Praise Gathering: 10:30 a.m.-noon Wednesdays
ongoing, Fellowship Hall, 330 Worrell Road, Antioch. 925-783-0107.

Word and Worship: 7:30 p.m. Wednesdays, Solomon Temple Church, 655 California
Ave., Pittsburg. 925-439-5905.

Nondenominational Bible Study: 7-8:30 p.m. Wednesdays, clubhouse at Marsh Creek
Apartments, Applewood Court, Brentwood. 925-513-0401.

Women's Community Bible Study: An interdenominational women's study. Children's
classes run concurrently for infants to 12 years. 9-11 a.m. Wednesdays, Golden
Hills Community Church, 2401 Shady Willow Lane, Brentwood. 925-753-0339.

orofieborge@aol.com . Registration: Women $25; children $10. Ofelia Borge,
925-753-0339 orofieborge@aol.com .

Filipino Bible Study and Fellowship: 6 p.m. Saturdays, Hillcrest Terrace
Community Hall, 3420 Deer Valley Road, Antioch; 9:30 a.m. Sundays, Christ
Community Church of the Nazarene, 1650 Ashbury Drive, Concord. Esper Hagberg,
925-778-8083, 925-876-1903 oresper@comcast.net .

Community

Worldwide Prophetic Evangelical Ministries Faith Clinic: Faith clinic
ministering salvation, deliverance and healing. 6-7:30 p.m. Wednesdays, Hampton
Inn & Suites, 1201 California Ave., Pittsburg. 925-473-1300.

Grace's Closet Food and Clothing Bank: Providing food and clothing for those in
need. 4-8 p.m. Wednesdays and noon-4 p.m. Saturdays, Grace Bible Fellowship of
Antioch. 3109 Lone Tree Way, Antioch. Donations accepted noon-2 p.m. Saturdays.
925-522-2017, ext. 118.

Lighthouse Baptist Church Clothing Outreach: Free clothing and prayer for those
in need. 10 a.m.-noon second and fourth Saturdays, Lighthouse Baptist Church,
2250 Jeffery Way, Brentwood. 925-634-1540,www.lbcbrentwood.net .

Delta Christian Food Pantry: Receive free bags of food and bread. Help
available. 10-11:30 a.m. Tuesdays, Byron Methodist United Church, 14671 Byron
Highway. 925-634-1411.

Birthright of Brentwood -- Helping pregnant women facing personal crises.
925-634-1275.

Street Outreach -- Helping the homeless in Antioch by providing hot meals,
clothing and other resources. Sam, 925-783-6923.

Immaculate Heart of Mary Church: Welcomes adults interested in becoming Catholic
Christians through the RCIA process (Rite of Christian Initiation for Adults).
925-634-4154.

Shepherd's Gate -- Christ-centered services for homeless women and children
providing shelter and resources for those displaced by abuse, financial
hardships and addictions. 605 Sycamore Ave., Brentwood. 925-308-7507.

Agape Bible Fellowship: Worship, 11:30 a.m. Sundays. Agape Care Connection, 7:30
p.m. Tuesdays. Fellowship and emotional support for ministers, 2008 Mahua Way,
Antioch. John Ojewole, 925-265-1134, orpastor@agapebfm.org .

SUPPORT

LifeRing -- LifeRing is a faith-based organization of support groups for those
who want to overcome alcohol and/or drug addiction. Meets noon Mondays ongoing,
Kaiser Permanente, Women's Health Center meeting room, 3624 Delta Fair Blvd.,
Antioch, and 7 p.m. Thursdays ongoing, Conference room 1, Sutter Delta Medical
Center, 3901 Lone Tree Way, Antioch. 925-301-3277,bobdriskell@yahoo.com .

Light House Renewal Men's Recovery meeting -- 7-8:30 p.m. Fridays. 415 W. Sixth
St., Antioch. Rob Harvey, 707-360-7809.

Grief Sharing Ministry -- This group is a safe place to share your grief.
Whatever is shared will be held confidential. 6:45-8 p.m. Thursdays, Hillside
Church, 108 Hillside Road, Antioch. If you want to be involved in the group, go
towww.HillsideCares.org . 925-757-1969.

Al-Anon -- Offering strength and hope for friends and families of problem
drinkers. 7 p.m. Wednesdays, St. John's Lutheran Church, 1360 E. Tregallas Road,
Antioch. 925-757-3070.

Kaleidoscope Support Groups -- Spiritual guidance and hope for people with
cancer and their caregivers; support for those grieving the loss of a loved one.
Grief Relief 7-8:30 p.m. Thursdays. Cancer survivors 6-7:30 p.m. Mondays. Byron
United Methodist Church, Kaleidoscope Support Center, 14671 Byron Highway.
925-634-1411.

Alcoholics Anonymous -- 6-7:30 p.m. Tuesdays. AA for women, 9-10 a.m.
Wednesdays. AA book study, 6:30-8 p.m. Wednesdays. AA, 6:45-7:45 p.m. Fridays.
Al-Anon, 8-9 p.m. Fridays. Brentwood Community United Methodist, 809 Second St.
925-634-3093.

Overcomers Ministry -- A 12-step program for those struggling with alcohol,
drugs and other addictions. 7 p.m. Thursdays, Grace Bible Fellowship, 913 Sunset
Drive, Antioch. 925-522-2017.

12-Step Recovery Program -- A program for any adult dealing with compulsive or
addictive behavior. 7:30 p.m. Wednesdays, Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day
Saints, High Council Room, 2350 Jeffrey Way, Brentwood. 925-831-8386.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                August 11, 2008

BUSINESS DIARY

LENGTH: 985 Words


acquisitions

Modern Professional Services, a Troy-based technical staffing service, has
acquired Quality Technical Services Inc., a Mobile, Ala.-based staffing and
recruiting service. Quality Technical Services will continue to operate as
Quality Technical Services L.L.C. with offices in Houston, New Orleans, and
Greenville, S.C.

call for applications

The Delta Dental Foundation, Okemos, encourages nonprofit oral health programs
in Michigan to apply for grants through its third annual Community Mini-Grant
program. Up to $70,000 will be awarded in 2008 with a maximum of $5,000 per
grant. Special consideration will be given to applicants whose programs focus on
improving the oral health of low-income children. Application deadline: Sept.
30. For applications and more information, visit www.deltadentalmi.com or call
(517) 347-5333.

contracts

S3 Entertainment Group, a Ferndale-based film services production company, has
retained the services of Identity Marketing & Public Relations, Bingham Farms,
to provide marketing and public relations support.

Kirco Construction, Troy, has awarded Soil and Materials Engineers Inc.,
Plymouth, a contract to provide construction materials services for Village
Lakes in White Lake Township.

H.V. Burton Co., a Livonia manufacturer's representative firm, announced a sales
partnership with the Joseph M. Day Co., a Saginaw-based firm that serves
customers in central and northern Michigan. The companies will promote and
represent boiler products, waste heat recovery products, water treatment
programs and related equipment and services.

Ensure Technologies Inc., Ypsilanti, announced PC Mall Inc., of Torrance,
Calif., will include Ensure's XyLoc Solo product on the PC Mall Web site and in
its catalog.

Spin Advertising Inc. of Ann Arbor has been retained by Elias Cummings
Development of New York to create the Web site for 11 Spring, a historic
restoration and condominium project in Manhattan.

Hobbs + Black Architects, Ann Arbor, announced the design and completion of
Oakwood Healthcare System's Southshore Medical Center.

NLM, a Detroit logistics company, renewed an agreement with Ford Motor Co.,
Dearborn. NLM will remain a provider for Ford's critical shipments (excluding
air charter) and truckload deviations for North America.

Global LT, a language and cultural services company headquartered in Troy, and
Mango Languages, an online language learning software company, jointly announce
the appointment of Global LT as an authorized marketer of Mango Languages'
proprietary Web-based language training programs. Web sites: www.global-lt.com
or www.mangolanguages.com.

Tanner Friedman, Farmington Hills, has chosen to offer The Designate, a
Birmingham-based on-call professional chauffeur service as a new employee
benefit. The public-relations agency is enrolled in The Designate's corporate
program, which allows a company-paid ride home in an employee's own car after an
evening out.

Wagner Design Associates, an Ann Arbor advertising and graphic design firm,
completed a new Web site, capabilities brochure and industry proposals for
Krieghoff-Lenawee Co., an Adrian-based commercial construction company.

expansions

Federal-Mogul Corp., Southfield, is now producing pistons at its new Powertrain
Energy business segment facility in Araras, Brazil. The 10,300-square-meter
``greenfield'' facility produces pistons, camshafts, and valve seats and guides
for several vehicle manufacturers.

The National Center for Manufacturing Sciences, Ann Arbor, has formed The
Robotics Technology Consortium, a nonprofit subsidiary to speed the development
and deployment of innovative defense ground robotics technology.

Verizon Wireless, Southfield, has opened at 17370 Hall Road at the Partridge
Creek Mall in Clinton Township. Telephone: (586) 228-4977.

Tri-County International Trucks Inc., an international commercial truck
dealership, has opened a new parts and service facility in Ypsilanti. The
21,033-square-foot building features shop space for 12 trucks with expanded work
areas, a paint booth, an extensive parts showroom and an on-site technician
training room.

literature

The Livingston County Convention and Visitors Bureau, Howell, has launched its
interactive online visitors guide to the county's attractions. The technology
allows visitors to flip through the pages of the guide online. Other
technologies are to be added to the bureau's Web site in the future. Web site:
www.lccvb.org.


moves

Bossdev, an interactive company that develops social media and online
applications, has moved its headquarters from St. Clair Shores to Troy.

LaFontaine Buick, Pontiac, GMC and Cadillac, to 4000 W. Highland Road in
Highland Township.

Tipping Point Inc., an advertising, marketing and public-relations agency, from
Birmingham to Rochester. Telephone: (248) 955-0007. Web site:
www.tippingpoint.us.

Wynne-Jones Associates to the South Adams Square, Birmingham. Wynne-Jones
Associates are QuickBooks Advance ProAdvisors and a QuickBooks point-of-sale
provider.

name changes

Michigan Orthopaedic Specialty Hospital in Madison Heights has been renamed DMC
Surgery Hospital.

Saleen Inc., Troy, announced its Racecraft brand has become the Racecraft
Division of performance vehicles.

new products

Controlled Power Co., a Troy manufacturer of commercial, industrial and medical
electrical power solutions, announced its ``NetMinder'' UPS management and
monitoring software suite. The suite is compatible with the company's
uninterruptible power supply products,as well as its centralized emergency
lighting inverters.

startups

Peek-A-Bootique, a children's clothing and gift boutique, has opened in the
Boardwalk Shopping Center on Orchard Lake Road near Maple Road in West
Bloomfield Township. Owners and sisters Marla Bednarsh and Alisa Berke feature
more than 50 designer names. The boutique also has a special area to entertain
children while their parents shop. Telephone: (248) 935-4503.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: db


                      Copyright 2008 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     May 10, 1995, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

In Our City

BYLINE: ROBERT WALKER, MARIO TONEGUZZI AND HERALD STAFF

SECTION: CITY & LIFE; IN OUR CITY; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 418 words


HEALTH OPTIONS

Family doctor Steven Aung gives the keynote address on "the vital importance of
integrated complementary medicine" to the annual fund-raising dinner for the
World Natural Medicine Foundation June 28 at the Delta Bow Valley Hotel.

The Edmonton-based doctor, well known to Calgary followers of the Chinese
healing art of Qi Gong, is also trained in Chinese medicine and founded the
certificate program in medical acupuncture at the University of Alberta. Aung,
president of the Canadian Medical Acupuncture Society, says complementary
medicine "must be rooted in compassion and loving kindness as well as education,
training and research."

The evening also features a Tibetan dance performance.

Proceeds from the celebration go to support the 3rd World Congress of Medical
Acupuncture being held in Edmonton Aug. 8-12.

For more information, call

290-1469.

-- Robert Walker

ACT OF KINDNESS

At the end of a four-day national forum called Focusing Our Resources -- a
landmark meeting of First Nations and the resource industry -- two young men
from Labrador came up to the podium.

They spoke of their plight in dealing with Ottawa over land claims. "The
delegates were touched by the fact that these two men had travelled on their own
all the way from Labrador to speak to our forum," writes forum director Edmund
Oliverio.

Their local community had given them some money but for the most part they
travelled either by hitchhiking or by assistance from friends they met along the
way to Calgary.

Robert Blair began passing a western cowboy hat around the room and more than $
1,300 cash was raised, writes Oliverio. "It makes a person feel good that at
times we can all support fellow citizens."

-- Mario Toneguzzi

If you have an act of kindness story to share, call The Talkies at 243-7253 and
press KIND (5463).

COPING WITH CUTS

A special workshop to help lab technologists cope with job loss in health care
reorganization will be held at 6 p.m. tonight in the Senator Burns Building on
the SAIT campus.

The session is organized by the Alberta Society of Medical Laboratory
Technologists, says registrar Grant Sorochan. Call the society at 1-800-265-9351
for details.

MULTANOVA WATCH

Today's photo radar locations as provided by the Calgary Police Service:

* Canyon Meadows Drive/ Macleod Trail S.

* Heritage Drive/ Macleod Trail S.

* Crowchild Trail/ 5th Avenue N.W.

* Glenmore Trail/ Macleod Trail S.

* 12th Street/ 32nd Avenue N.E.


LOAD-DATE: May 11, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 14, 2008 Monday
                                  City Edition

NEWS QUIZ

SECTION: NEWS; From the newsroom 2U: Highlights from The Oklahoman's blogs; Pg.
2A

LENGTH: 820 words


How much attention have you been paying to the news in the past week or so? Test
your knowledge of recent events with this quiz, compiled by The Oklahoman's news
copy editors and designers:

1. Oklahoma native Tracy Letts won a Pulitzer for what play?

a) "June: Tulsa County."

b) "July: Bryan County."

c) "August: Osage County."

2. Healdton has owned its cable service since 2001. What has been the result?

a) The service is losing money and town officials are looking for a buyer.

b) All 1,200 households in the area subscribed to the successful service.

c) About half the households are subscribing, and the service has broken even.

3. Former Oklahoma basketball player Stacey Dales has retired from the WNBA to
focus on sportscasting duties at ESPN. What team did she retire from?

a) Houston Comets.

b) Seattle Storm.

c) Chicago Sky.

4. What will former Oklahoma State basketball coach Sean Sutton receive as part
of a settlement with the university?

a) A bill for remaining years on his contract.

b) $2.7 million.

c) A letter of recommendation and free orange T-shirts for life.

5. State Rep. Paul Wesselhoft recommended what name if the NBA's Seattle
SuperSonics move to Oklahoma City?

a) Oklahoma Fat Cats.

b) Oklahoma SuperDuperSonics.

c) Oklahoma City Aviators.

6. What cell phone company, which is adding service to the Oklahoma City metro
area, claims that 60 percent of its customers make less than $30,000 per year?

a) Millipede Mobile.

b) Cricket Communications.

c) Spider Services.

7. U.S. Rep. Mary Fallin hosted a dinner for seniors from the fire-damaged Jones
High School. Where was it held?

a) The school's new cafeteria, which was completed in only four months.

b) Superintendent Mike Steele's back yard.

c) Toby Keith's I Love This Bar and Grill in Bricktown.

8. Why is Martin Vosseler of Switzerland walking across the United States?

a) To encourage climate protection.

b) To endorse a new sneaker.

c) To pay off a soccer bet.

9. Oklahoma City is considering spending $5.2 million in upgrades to attract
what professional sport?

a) Rodeo.

b) Tennis.

c) Alligator wrestling.

10. Under Senate Bill 1878, health care providers would have the right to do
what?

a) Refuse to participate in abortions.

b) Sell customer accounts to other providers.

c) Seek government subsidies for covering pre-existing conditions.

11. Where was the closing ceremony of the Olympics relay in San Francisco held?

a) Chinatown.

b) The Golden Gate Bridge.

c) San Francisco International Airport.

12. Why did residents in western Oklahoma welcome heavy rainfall?

a) The area has spent weeks fighting wildfires.

b) Wind-blown dirt needed to be washed off the roads.

c) A manufacturer locating there wanted to test a new type of raincoat.

13. What did Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett say he advocates for the city as
part of MAPS 3?

a) A North Pole exhibit at the zoo featuring polar bears and penguins.

b) A light rail system serving downtown and tourists.

c) A subway linking downtown with the state Capitol, Edmond and Norman.

14. Sooner Blake Griffin is not the first OU basketball player to consider
jumping to the NBA and decide instead to stay in college. Who did so in 1984?

a) Tommy Tubbs.

b) Mookie Blaylock.

c) Wayman Tisdale.

15. Pilots for what airline were granted permits to picket crew bases of
Northwest Airlines in a dispute over seniority if the two companies merge?

a) TWA.

b) Delta.

c) Braniff.

16. A doctor used what unexpected treatment successfully on hepatitis C
patients?

a) Formulated time-release capsules containing an ancient Chinese herb.

b) Prescribed a drug commonly used to treat cholesterol.

c) Cross-infected them with hepatitis A and B.

17. Why is high school senior Tomas "Duffy" Duffek, who is Rock Creek's pitcher
of the year, ineligible to play baseball this season?

a) Parents demanded that he be benched because he was just too good.

b) Despite playing for Rock Creek last year, he is considered a transfer
student, and is therefore ineligible.

c) Once you're named pitcher of the year, you have to sit out one season.

18. The Rev. Anthony B. Taylor, a local Catholic priest, soon will leave for
Arkansas. What will his new job be?

a) Bishop of the Catholic Diocese of Little Rock.

b) Proprietor of a bed and breakfast in Eureka Springs.

c) A top executive for Wal-Mart in Bentonville.

19. China reversed a decision to reopen Tibet to foreign tourists. Why?

a) The torch relay needs a safe passage up Mount Everest.

b) The region was hit by flooding and it's no longer safe.

c) Tibetans don't speak any other language and the only translators are in
Beijing.

20. The former Lucent Technologies plant is being considered for what use?

a) Making telephone switching equipment.

b) Data processing.

c) Production of railway freight cars.

How did you do?

Answers: 1-C; 2-A; 3-C; 4-B; 5-C; 6-B; 7-C; 8-A; 9-B; 10-A; 11-C; 12-A; 13-B;
14-C; 15-B; 16-B; 17-B; 18-A; 19-A; 20-B.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: (Tracy Letts)
Photo 2: (Sean Sutton)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Contra Costa Times (California)

                            November 4, 2005 Friday

east bay roundup

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 653 words


Tri-Valley

LIVE LOCAL ELECTION COVERAGE: TV-30, the Tri-Valley's community television
station, will air election results on a live program to air beginning at 8 p.m.
Tuesday on cable Channel 30.

Hosted by Carolyn Siegfried and Robin Fahr, the production will provide
up-to-the minute election results in many local races, including the Livermore
mayoral and City Council contests, San Ramon council races and Livermore's
Measures D and E. Also aired will be results of statewide initiatives.

The election coverage will include live field reports, live results analysis,
interviews at campaign headquarters with local leaders and candidates in most of
the contested races.

East Bay

PUBLIC MEETING, RECORDS LAW TRAINING: A free seminar is being offered to the
public and others interested in California's open meeting and public records
laws.

"Open Government 101" will present information on topics such as the top 10
things you need to know about the Ralph M. Brown Act. It will outline the basic
concepts and skills for people who regularly attend public meetings either as a
representative of an agency or a member of the public

The second workshop is a combination of the first meeting and includes the top
10 things you need to know about making public record requests. This workshop
will provide more confidence for both agencies and the public in handling public
records act requests.

The workshops led by state open government law expert Terry Francke will be held
from 10 a.m. to 1:15 p.m. Nov. 12.

Registration is free, but must be done in advance by e-mailing your name,
telephone number and address to info@calaware.org

Pleasanton

POLICE GET DUI ENFORCEMENT MONEY: The police department has received more than
$90,000 in state money to help educate drivers on the dangers of driving under
the influence of alcohol and to enforce DUI laws.

The $90,773 grant will be used to fund "Every 15 minutes" anti-DUI presentations
at Pleasanton high schools, an informational campaign on DUI, sobriety check
points and extra patrols.

The checkpoints and patrols will also promote the use of seat belts.

The funding began in October and will last for one year.

Antioch

UNIONS PUT PRESSURE ON COUNTY: Public employee unions picketed outside the
Contra Costa Social Services offices in Antioch on Wednesday to demand a fair
contract as negotiations continue.

Members of Public Employees Local No. 1, the Service Employees International
Union and others assembled at the department's satellite offices at 4545 Delta
Fair. The crowd reached its peak around noon with some 50 workers.

Talks between the county and its 15 bargaining groups are taking place in the
shadows of a $1.5 billion deficit, revealed last year. Finance managers say it
was the inevitable upshot of a generous pension benefit the county agreed to,
but did not have the money to pay for.

The items on the bargaining table include workers compensation, health care,
wages and pensions.

The contracts lapsed in October and have been extended for a month.

Along with a two-year wage freeze, the county is pitching higher co-pays for
medical and retirement benefits.

Oakland

UC PLANS NEW OFFICES: The University of California plans to build an 11-story
building in downtown Oakland that will consolidate five administrative offices
now located in and around Oakland.

The new building, which could be approved by the UC Board of Regents this month,
would be located on a now-vacant lot at 11th Street and Broadway, on the same
block as the main university offices on Franklin Street. The 190,000-square-foot
office also would include retail space at street level.

UC officials expect construction to finish by 2008. The consolidation could save
the university $2.5 million in leasing costs over 10 years, they said.

A university spokeswoman said a historical building on the project site would be
preserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, CA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   November 23, 2000, Thursday, Home Edition

DAILY BRIEFING

BYLINE: Staff reports and news services

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business; Pg. 2G

LENGTH: 2217 words

> Denotes item of particular local interest.

DEALS: Equipment maker Danaher to buy United Power
Washington --- Danaher Corp., a maker of tools and equipment for monitoring
environmental controls, said it agreed to buy United Power Corp., part of United
Kingdom-based Delta PLC's electrical division, for $ 100 million. United Power,
which has annual revenue of about $ 40 million, designs and makes power
distribution equipment used to regulate the flow and reliability of electricity.


Weyerhaeuser to sell its door-making unit
Federal Way, Wash. --- Weyerhaeuser Co. agreed to sell its door business to
closely held Wind Point Partners as the third-largest U.S. forest products
company continues to sell non-core businesses. The plant in Marshfield, Wis., is
the largest maker of architectural wooden doors in North America. Terms of the
sale weren't disclosed. Wind Point Partners, based in Chicago, is a private
equity investment firm. The acquired business makes doors for schools, offices
and hospitals.

FINANCE: CB Richard Ellis Services evaluating buyout offer
> Los Angeles --- CB Richard Ellis Services, the largest U.S. commercial
property broker, said it hired Morgan Stanley Dean Witter to help evaluate a $
740 million buyout offer from its largest shareholders and the company's
management. The group, led by Blum Capital Partners, earlier this month offered
$ 15.50 a share for CB Richard Ellis, whose Atlanta office handles more than $ 1
billion annually in sales and leasing transactions and has about 470 employees.

Dade Behring hires Goldman Sachs for advice
New York --- Dade Behring Inc., a diagnostic test manufacturer struggling under
a mounting debt load and declining profits, said it hired Goldman, Sachs & Co.
to advise on new tactics, including a possible sale of the company. Goldman will
help the Deerfield, Ill.-based company consider options such as partnerships,
joint ventures, mergers, acquisitions, sales of assets and direct investments,
according to a recent regulatory filing.

Merrill Lynch settles complaint by NASD
Washington --- Merrill Lynch & Co. agreed to pay a $ 97,000 fine to settle
regulators' charges that it failed to properly display dozens of customer orders
placed at specific prices. The National Association of Securities Dealers also
alleged the firm failed to properly execute dozens more orders at the best
possible prices. ''These were unintentional errors that involved a very small
fraction of the transactions that we executed,'' Merrill spokesman Joseph Cohen
said. ''We have taken steps to address them, and continually work to comply with
NASD regulations.''

HEALTH CARE: Watson suffers setback on anti-anxiety drug
Corona, Calif. --- Watson Pharmaceuticals Inc. said a new patent on a
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. anti-anxiety drug may delay regulatory approval of
Watson's generic version. Watson had expected Food and Drug Administration
approval of buspirone, a generic equivalent of Bristol-Myers' BuSpar, to take
effect on Wednesday.

Rigel Pharmaceuticals reduces size of IPO
Washington --- Rigel Pharmaceuticals Inc., having canceled its first attempt at
an initial public offering, slashed the size of its latest sale and delayed the
IPO until next week. The developer of oral drugs now expects to market 5 million
common shares to investors at $ 7 to $ 8 each, according to an amended
registration filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. As recently as
Nov. 17, Rigel had planned to sell 9 million shares for $ 8 to $ 10 each. The
IPO, originally planned for Monday, was delayed until Tuesday, said the sale
manager, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter & Co.

MANUFACTURING: Owens Corning's woes a blow to Bank One
Chicago --- Bank One Corp. became the latest U.S. bank to see some of its loans
sour after Owens Corning, the biggest U.S. insulation maker, filed for
bankruptcy protection last month. Toledo, Ohio-based Owens Corning named the
nation's fourth-largest bank as an unsecured creditor in its Chapter 11
bankruptcy filing. Bank One, based in Chicago, extended a $ 63 million credit
line to the manufacturer. The bank declined to comment. The company said it
couldn't say how much it still owes, or if the entire credit line was used.

MEDIA: Seattle mayor boycotts strike-bound newspapers
Seattle --- Seattle's mayor said he would not grant interviews to the city's two
daily newspapers while their workers are on strike. But on Wednesday he backed
off an order barring other city workers from talking to the papers. Mayor Paul
Schell said that while he personally won't grant interviews to reporters from
The Seattle Times and Seattle Post-Intelligencer, department heads and employees
can decide for themselves. Members of the Pacific Northwest Newspaper Guild,
which represents about 1,000 editorial, advertising and circulation employees,
began striking Tuesday over pay, benefits and sick leave.

REAL ESTATE: Metro mortgage rates mixed in weekly survey
> Atlanta's mortgage rates were mixed this week, as the interest rate on the
30-year, fixed-rate loan dropped to an average of 7.33 percent, compared with
7.35 percent last week. The 15-year loan fell to an average 6.97 percent from
7.01 percent. But the one-year, adjustable-rate mortgage climbed to an average
6.92 percent, against 6.90 percent last week. Bank Rate Monitor, which tracks
mortgage rates, reported that the 30-year loan carried an average of 0.68 of a
discount point, while the 15-year mortgage had 0.73 of a point and the ARM 0.31
of a point. A point, 1 percent of the loan amount, is a fee lenders charge at
closing.

RETAIL: Spiegel Group shuffles executive structure
Downers Grove, Ill. --- Spiegel Group Inc., a clothing and home furnishings
retailer, named Martin Zaepfel president, chief executive officer and vice
chairman, effective July 1. Spiegel eliminated the office of the president, said
spokeswoman Debbie Koopman. Michael Moran and James Sievers, who occupied that
position, will remain directors. Zaepfel has been a Spiegel director since 1996.


TECHNOLOGY: France Telecom mulls buying U.K. Net provider
Paris --- France Telecom SA said Wanadoo SA, its Internet unit, is considering
buying Freeserve PLC to expand in the United Kingdom, where consumers are
expected to spend about $ 6 billion shopping online this year. ''Wanadoo has
said many times that it is studying many opportunities, with the main criteria
of choice being the price,'' said Bruno Janet, a spokesman for France Telecom.
Freeserve said it's in talks, without naming the possible buyer. The company,
Britain's largest Internet access provider, said it doesn't expect a large
premium for its shares. Freeserve has a market value of about $ 2.1 billion.

Quintus fires CEO, restates revenue
Fremont, Calif. --- Quintus Corp. said it fired its chief executive and plans to
restate revenue from three transactions after an audit indicated that the
software maker had relied on falsified documentation. The company said it will
remove revenue of $ 4.5 million in the third quarter of fiscal 2000, $ 2 million
in the first quarter of fiscal 2001 and $ 7 million in the second quarter of
fiscal 2001. Quintus said it had revenue of $ 51.7 million for the fiscal year
that ended in March. Chairman and CEO Alan Anderson was fired after an
investigation ''uncovered sufficient evidence to warrant his termination,'' a
company spokeswoman said.

TELECOMS: Deutsche Telekom nixes bid for French licenses
Bonn, Germany --- Deutsche Telekom AG, Europe's largest telephone company, said
it won't bid for one of France's four $ 4.2 billion licenses to provide faster
wireless Internet access because it doesn't already have customers and networks
there. The company earlier this month said it would focus on France, after
pulling out of Switzerland's wireless license auction because of mounting debt,
according to the German newspaper Handelsblatt. Deutsche Telekom also didn't
participate in Italy's auction. France is the last among Europe's five largest
wireless markets to sell the licenses.

TRANSPORTATION: DaimlerChrysler alliance to manufacture engines
Stuttgart, Germany --- DaimlerChrysler AG and Caterpillar Inc. are forming an
alliance to develop and manufacture engines and fuel systems for commercial
trucks in a move to reduce costs amid slowing U.S. truck sales. DaimlerChrysler,
the world's largest maker of heavy trucks, and Caterpillar, the No. 1
construction equipment maker, said they signed an agreement to create ''a number
of joint ventures, supply agreements and cooperative projects.'' Their combined
engine sales could rise from $ 2 billion to $ 3 billion in five years, while the
venture's fuel system sales could triple to $ 1.8 billion, the companies said.

Cargo carrier Atlas Air suffers setback in court
Purchase, N.Y. --- Atlas Air Inc. shares fell as much as 17 percent following a
U.S. appeals court ruling that the No. 1 carrier of cargo for other airlines
wrongly excluded pilots from profit sharing after they joined a union. The
Purchase-based company said it would ask the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
District of Columbia to rehear the case.

United seeks further sanctions against mechanics
Chicago --- UAL Corp.'s United Airlines asked a federal court to ''further
enforce'' a restraining order against its mechanics union, saying illegal job
actions still are disrupting flights. Mechanical problems and resulting
cancellations have declined since Friday, when the carrier got the court order,
though operations aren't back to normal, according to the world's largest
airline. United's request comes as its flight attendants said the carrier also
threatened legal action against their union.

Ford Contour, Mystique subject of safety probe
Washington --- Federal safety officials have upgraded their investigation into
277,656 of the 1998 Ford Contour and Mystique sedans that may spit out gasoline
during refueling. There have been more than 300 reports of the problem made to
the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration and Ford Motor Co. Ford has
another 11,066 reports of frequent nozzle shutoffs and difficulty in filling the
tank that do not mention spit-backs. Ford officials did not immediately return
calls seeking comment, but according to an investigation report, the automaker
maintains that the amount of fuel that is expelled is not large enough to create
a safety problem.

Swissair's parent rules out sale of airline
Zurich, Switzerland --- SAirGroup, the parent company of Europe's fifth- biggest
airline, ruled out a sale of Swissair and told Chief Executive Philippe
Bruggisser to come up with a plan of how to boost earnings amid heightening
competition. ''A sale has not been and is not being discussed,'' Chairman Eric
Honegger said. The company is under pressure to win back investors who fled as
airline reorganization costs mounted, clouding the profitable growth in the
non-airline businesses --- catering, cargo and maintenance --- that now account
for more than half of sales.

Report sees reduced earnings for automakers
Detroit --- Fourth-quarter earnings at General Motors and Ford Motor, as well as
next year's results, will be hurt by declining sales and increased competition
in Europe, Morgan Stanley analyst Stephen Girsky said in new report. He cut his
estimate of General Motors' fourth-quarter earnings to $ 1. 55 a share from $
1.65 a share, and to $ 7.25 a share from $ 7.50 a share for 2001. He reduced his
Ford earnings estimates to 80 cents a share from 85 cents in the fourth quarter,
and to $ 3.45 a share from $ 3.50 for 2001.

British Airways upgrades first-class service
London --- British Airways PLC unveiled a new first-class service, betting that
high tea, beds and a cabin interior like that of a luxury car will be a hit with
the premium passengers it's staking its future on carrying. The United Kingdom
airline plans to woo passengers with black-and-white photographs from the Hulton
Getty Gallery, Bruce Rae prints in the bathroom, and excellent food. From next
year, meals will be served on a range of Wedgwood white bone china that
includes, for the first time, full-size dinner plates.

UTILITIES/ENERGY: Seacor Smit paying $ 40 million for ships
Houston --- Seacor Smit Inc., an operator of ships that take crews and supplies
to offshore oil rigs, agreed to buy two platform supply ships and six
mini-supply ships for $ 40 million from an undisclosed seller. Seacor will pay $
22 million in cash and $ 3 million in stock, or about 68,000 shares, and assume
$ 15 million in debt in two transactions, it said in a statement. Company
officials couldn't be reached for comment.

WORKPLACE: Hormel Foods doles out profit-sharing checks
> Austin, Minn. --- Hormel Foods Corp. distributed more than $ 10.7 million to
its employees under its annual profit-sharing program. Eligible hourly and
salaried employees received a sum equivalent to about two weeks' pay Wednesday.
The company began the Thanksgiving Eve tradition 62 years ago. More than 300
employees at Hormel's production facility in Tucker were eligible for the profit
sharing.
--- Staff, Associated Press, Dow Jones News Service, Bloomberg News

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                  May 20, 1996
                              Correction Appended

COMPUWARE  BUYS ALL SHARES  OF TECHNALYSIS

SECTION: News; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1414 words


Compuware Corp. (Nasdaq: CPWR), a Farmington Hills developer and marketer of
systems-software products, has completed its acquisition of all shares of
Technalysis Corp. (Nasdaq: TECN), a Minneapolis-based systems-development and
project-management services company.

AGREEMENTS

The Dearborn-based Oakwood Healthcare System's Occupational Healthcare Network
has entered into an agreement with St. Paul, Minn.-based Northwest Airlines
Corp. to provide occupational-health services to the airline's employees.

AWARDS

Radisson Hospitality Worldwide in Minneapolis has presented its top honor, the
President's Award for outstanding quality in Radisson hotels, to the Radisson
Suite Hotel in Farmington Hills.

RWD Technologies Inc., an Auburn Hills human-performance service company, has
received the gold Pentastar award for quality performance from Highland
Park-based Chrysler Corp. The Romulus I facility of Lear Corp. (NYSE: LEA), a
Southfield supplier of automotive-interior systems, also received a Pentastar
award.

Johnson Controls (NYSE: JCI), a Plymouth automotive-seating and headliners
supplier, and its joint venture Roth Freres, based in Strasbourg, France, have
won 1995 Supplier of the Year awards from Detroit-based General Motors Corp.

Oakland Printing Services in Troy has received the 1996 Gallery of Superb
Printing's Gold Award from the Detroit Club of Printing House Craftsmen for the
company's production of a catalog that illustrates a specialty line of tool and
die equipment.

CONTRACTS

Guardian Equipment Co. Inc., a Livonia modern-lightning protection company, has
been awarded a contract from Southfield general contractor Campbell Manix Inc.
for the engineering, design and installation of the  lightning- and
surge-protection systems at General Motors Corp.'s Delphi world headquarters
building. The company received similar contracts from Perini Building Co. in
Southfield for The Soaring Eagle Casino in Mt. Pleasant and from ITT Automotive
for its building expansion in Auburn Hills.

EXPANSIONS

Novi-based Mission Health Corp., a community-based network of hospitals, has
opened a center at 37595 Seven Mile Road in Livonia. The telephone number is
(313) 462-2300.

Madison Heights-based Hungry Howie's Pizza and Subs Inc.  has opened a franchise
in Kalamazoo and two in Ohio.

Hull Golf Co., a Palm City, Fla.-based golf-club manufacturer, has opened an
office at 1028 Packard in Ann Arbor. The telephone number is (313) 332-4653.

GRANTS

The University of Detroit Mercy has received a $240,000 grant from the
Chicago-based Joyce Foundation, a supporter of projects that assist reform in
education, for its program Tools for the Mind: Supporting Mindwork with
Technology. Also, the university has received a $61,000 grant from the state to
develop a series of 20-minute modules that are to air on the Detroit
cable-access network.

The Michigan State Housing Development Authority in Lansing has awarded
emergency-shelter grants of $357,733 to nine homeless shelters in Wayne County:
Coalition on Temporary Shelter, First Step, Grateful Home Inc., Mariners Inn
Shelter Program, Operation Helping Hand Inc., Simon House, The Salvation Army,
Travelers Aid Society of Detroit and Women's Justice Center.

The Purple Rose Theatre Co. in Chelsea has received a $50,000 grant from the
Highland Park-based Chrysler Corp. Fund to launch its Education Outreach
program.

LITERATURE

Mark Taylor, president of Taylor Systems Engineering in Plymouth, has written
Computerized Shipping Systems: Increasing Profit & Productivity Through
Technology, claimed to be the first book on the topic.

Promotional Perspectives, a training and creative-services company in Ann Arbor,
has published its third edition of Do's & Don'ts of Desktop Publishing Design, a
guide of type, format and prepress tips.

MOVES

Executech Resource Consultants has moved its Troy office to 5700 Crooks, Suite
105. The telephone number is (810) 828-3000.

Dennis Green Advertising has moved its Farmington Hills office to 31805
Middlebelt, Suite 304. The telephone number is (810) 737-7007. Also, the company
has established a site on the Internet. Its address is
http://www.adcomm.com/green/.

PR Services Inc. has moved its Ann Arbor office to 115 E. Ann St. The telephone
number is (313) 662-5544.

NAME CHANGES

Mid-Atlantic Group has changed its name to VendTek Wholesale Equipment Inc.  and
moved from Royal Oak to 30505 Beck Road in Wixom. The telephone number is (810)
669-2646.

Ludington News Co. Inc. in Detroit has changed its name to Ludington Group Inc.

NEW INTERNET

ADDRESSES

Allied Domecq, a Southfield drinks and spirits company, has established a site
on the World Wide Web. Its address is http://www.whereitsat.com/.

NEW SERVICES

The Parker Group Inc., a Clinton Township electronic-repair specialist, has
become an authorized repair center for all Baldor drives.

Dominant Systems Corp., an Ann Arbor-based computer-systems and
network-solutions provider, has been named a Cisco premier partner, authorized
to solve service and support issues for local and wide-area networks. The
company also has been named a Cheyenne authorized reseller.

The Greater Detroit Public Relations Counselors in Farmington Hills has
initiated a financial-intern grant program to help students take meaningful
internships, regardless of whether  money is offered.

START-UPS

Michael Donenfeld, former vice president of employee-benefit operations and
reinsurance for Royal Maccabees Life Insurance Co. in Southfield, has opened MSD
Services, a consulting-services company, at 2236 Kiev Court in West Bloomfield
Township. The telephone number is (810) 363-2206.

Ipex Inc., an investment-consulting company, has opened at 123 S. Main St.,
Suite 140 in Royal Oak. The telephone number is (810) 548-0770.

OTHER NEWS

The Enterprise Development Fund, an Ann Arbor-based venture-capital fund, has
announced  a new fund, Enterprise Development Fund II L.P., which is to invest
in early-stage companies in the Great Lakes states.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 3, 1996

CORRECTION:
In an item reporting state grants that appeared in the May 20 Business Diary,
the Travelers Aid Society incorrectly was identified as a homeless shelter. The
society assists homeless people and travelers.

GRAPHIC: Taylor's book; Donenfeld

                    Copyright 1996 Crain Communications Inc.


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                 April 18, 2015

Behold, Brand-New First Ladies!

BYLINE: Adie Vanessa Offiong, Amina Alhassan, Abass Jimoh, Nathaniel Bivan,
Victor Edozie, Hope Abah, Habibu Aminu, Nahimah Ajikanle Nurudeen, Ismail
Mudashir, Maryam Ahmadu-Suka, Eyo Charles,

LENGTH: 1349 words


Wondering who the new first ladies of the incoming governors are? Weekly Trust
gives you a peek.

Most Nigerians are wondering what the next four years will be like and perhaps
who the women on the political scene are, including the wife (or wives) of their
respective governors-elect. Some of them are not in the public eye and hardly
have a picture on the internet, arguably new faces on the political scene. "Look
at me, a scarcely known person and now a first lady," were the words of Plateau
State's next first lady, Regina Simon Lalong, while reviewing her new social
status with her close friends who called at the home of the Lalongs in Jos, in
the wake of her husband's victory last Saturday.

Standing by their husbands, these women are part of this history in-the-making.
And where there's a first lady, there will be a pet project. Hajiya Amina
Abubakar Sani Bello, wife of the governor-elect of Niger State, has the desire
for contributing to the development of primary healthcare centres.

Like Abubakar, Dr. Linda Ugwuye Ayade, wife to Cross River State governor-elect
is passionate about healthcare, too, and believes that "health of the public
should be of paramount interest to any well-meaning government."

Hadiza el-Rufai, wife of the governor-elect of Kaduna State, says her role is to
support her husband and believes the position of wife of the governor should be
purely ceremonial. "I don't believe a first lady should dabble into the affairs
of running the government," she says. Then in Delta State, Dame Edith Okowa,
wife of Delta State governor-elect, fasted 90 days for her husband's win.

Potentially the most interesting scenario would be that which may obtain in
Taraba State, if Senator Jummai Alhassan wins the re-run scheduled next week,
April 25. Will Nigerians have their first female governor and as a result a
'First Gentleman'? Whichever way it is looked at, the brand-new state first
ladies will bring with them enthusiasm, freshness and vibrancy.

Born on 24 May, 1972, she is wife to Rivers State governor-elect. She holds a
Masters degree in Law from University of Sussex, United Kingdom by virtue of the
prestigious British Chevening scholarship. Between 1998 to 2001, she was a legal
counsel litigant with E.C. Ukala and Co and later appointed a Magistrate grade,
her last appointment being Chief Magistrate grade 11 in 2009, until her present
appointment as a Judge of the High Court of Rivers State on 14 February 2012
where she is presently the presiding Judge. She enjoys travelling, cooking,
reading, and listening to classic music.

The incoming First Lady of Benue State was born in 1972. The mother of five was
awarded a second degree from the Benue State University (Masters Degree in
International Relations and Strategic Studies) in 2004. Currently, she is
pursuing a doctorate degree in Political Science with and specialising in
Industrial Development in same university. She works as a public servant in the
Office of the Head of Civil Service. She was ordained a Child Evangelist in 1997
with Children Evangelist Ministries (CEM) and today is a Worker in the Redeemed
Christian Church of God.

She is wife to Lagos State's governor-elect, Mr. Akinwunmi Ambode. Born on 15
February 1964, she obtained her Bachelors and Masters' degrees from the Lagos
State University in 1989 and 1994 respectively, majoring in Physics/Mathematics
and Public Administration. She worked for over 10 years in various sectors of
the economy, including banking, finance and consulting before going into private
business.

The wife of the incoming governor of Kano State is not well-known in public. An
indigene of Malam Madori local government area of Jigawa State, she was born 57
years ago, blessed with seven children and is the only wife of the
governor-elect. Until recently, she was a principal at a school in the Federal
Capital Territory. She took a leave of absence to pursue a PhD doctorate degree
programme in Education Psychology at Bayero University, Kano (BUK) a programme
she has since completed. If her husband follows the path of the outgoing
governor, Dr. Hafsatu who is a director in the Ganduje Foundation, a
philanthropic organisation in the state, may not be seen in public throughout
her husband's tenure.

Born in Kano and raised in Kaduna, Mrs. Hadiza el-Rufai is a graduate of
Architecture from Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Kaduna State. Two years ago
she bagged an MA in Creative Writing in the United Kingdom.

The daughter of Mr. Waklem, a former Accountant-General in Plateau State, Mrs.
Regina Lalong has an HND in Public Administration from Plateau State Polytechnic
and is described as either a housewife or a businesswoman.

The wife of the newly elected governor of Cross River State is Dr. Linda Ugwuye
Ayade. She was born on 23 December and hails from Obudu LGA of Cross River
State. Between her and her husband, they have three children. She holds an MBBS
from the University of Port Harcourt and an MPH from University of
Wolverhampton, majoring in Health Improvement and Health Promotion. She is also
a member of Nigeria Medical Association and General Medical Council of United
Kingdom. Until 2014 she worked with the National Health Society in the UK.

She is wife to Kebbi State governor-elect. Dr Shinkafi-Bagudu is a Consultant
Paediatrician and doubles as both the Medical Director and Chief Executive
Officer of Medicaid Radio-diagnostics, Abuja. She also worked at the Garki
Hospital as a Consultant Paediatrician. She is one of the children of Alhaji
Umaru Shinkafi who was the head of the Nigerian Security Organisation (NSO)
during former President Shehu Shagari's administration in the 1980s. She
describes herself as someone who is politically aware.

Mariya Aminu Tambuwal is a younger sister to Senator Abdallah Wali,
immediate-past Nigerian Ambassador to Morocco, who was also the opposition
candidate of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) against her husband, Speaker of
the House of Reps, Honourable Aminu Tambuwal, in the just-concluded governorship
race. She hails from Sanyinna District in Tambuwal Local Government Area of
Sokoto State.

This Katsina State-born lady is wife to Adamawa State governor-elect. She
attended Kaduna Capital School and Federal Government College, Bakori before
proceeding to Bayero University, Kano where she obtained Bsc. in Political
Science. She also holds a Masters in Business Administration and a diploma in
Computer and Graphic Design from a British university.

Though her father was from Katsina State, Hajia Hadiza was born on 11 December
1958 in Kano State. She attended Government Girls College, Dala, Kano and Ahmadu
Bello University (ABU) Zaria where she obtained an M.A in Public Administration
and B.A (Hons) Literature. She retired as a Director in the Central Bank of
Nigeria (CBN) after 21 years and also worked in NTA for 10 years. She got
married to the governor-elect in 1979 and they are blessed with five children.

The governor-elect of Katsina State, Bello Masari, has three wives, namely
Hajiya Binta, Hajiya Hadiza and Hajiya Sakiya. Hajiya Binta was the most visible
during campaigns and hails from Kofar Soro in Katsina local government, while
Hajiya Sakiya is from Kofar Bai of the same state. Weekly Trust learnt Hajiya
Hadiza (another wife) had in the past worked with IPAD. All the wives are into
business.

This career teacher and mother of four rose through the ranks, until a couple of
years back when she was appointed as Permanent Secretary in the State Ministry
of Basic and Secretary Education. Mrs. Okowa has committed herself to public
service in her Ministry and her devotion to divine service to God at the Master
Care Fellowship, where she serves behind the incumbent First Lady and wife of
the Delta State Governor, Deaconess Roli Uduaghan.

Born 23 March, 1972, in Umuobuna Uburu in Ohaozara LGA of Ebonyi State, Mrs.
Umahi is a graduate of Rivers State University of Science and Technology from
2001 to 2004. The mother of seven has been active in orphanage and
less-privileged schemes and with widows. Her hobbies are travelling and reading
novels.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Blackhawk Community Credit Union chief among those earning Women of Distinction
recognition

BYLINE: Shelly Birkelo, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1829 words


March 03--JANESVILLE -- Chris Stumpf knew in his heart why Blackhawk Community
Credit Union board members selected his wife, Sherri, to be the credit union's
CEO and president.

After watching a TV show on the history of Janesville, he learned that the city
has a rich history of principled women changing social ills and discriminatory
practices.

"The board will embrace a strong, principled woman whose goal is to improve
their workplace, community and lead the way to a better tomorrow," he wrote to
her in an email she saved.

The man knew what he was talking about.

Stumpf's work ethic and involvement in the workplace and her community earned
her a place among this year's nine YWCA Rock County Women of Distinction.

She and the others will be recognized for their professional achievements and
community service during an April 7 awards banquet.

Stumpf said she was surprised to learn of the honor.

"I do things in the community not because I want to be recognized, but because
that's the right thing to do. You can feel in your heart whatever recognition
you need," she said.

Stumpf grew up in a small town in Minnesota, where her parents instilled the
philosophy of giving back as a way of life.

"It's just part of my nature, and from very early on, we knew we had a
responsibility to others. That was the core of who we were," she said.

In her nomination letter, BCCU Board Chairwoman Mary Frederick described Stumpf
as "an amazing woman who leads by example as to what a woman of distinction is."

Yet the modest Stumpf said that's hard to say about herself, even though she
knows everyone needs someone to look up to.

"I do believe all of us have a responsibility when in any kind of leadership
position. It's part of the job but also part of your responsibility as a
participant in the community," she said.

Working up to two jobs at a time beginning at age 15 prepared Stumpf for her
current job. Before that, she spent 25 years in the human resources field and in
senior-level positions in retail, banking and education.

It doesn't hurt that she has degrees in business administration and organization
and management. But nothing drives Stumpf more than a challenge.

"It's beyond money and about the opportunity being given to me that I'm needed,"
she said.

Stumpf's community involvement includes projects from Vets Roll to the Rock
County 4-H Fair, HealthNet of Rock County and the Boys & Girls Club of
Janesville. When she co-chaired the American Heart Association Bert Blain Walk
for two years, she raised more than $10,000 each of those years.

Under her leadership, the credit union has established branches in both
Janesville high schools to teach financial literacy to students. The credit
union also is growing its scholarship fund, which has attracted more young
female applicants who want to further their educations.

Stumpf serves on the Wisconsin Credit Union League Services Board, Forward
Janesville and the local United Way, and she is a certified senior human
resources professional on a national task force for the Certification Institute.

Still, she says one of her biggest accomplishments has been empowering the
people at BCCU to ensure the credit union has a long, healthy future.

"It isn't reliant on me," she said.

Frederick agrees credit union membership and employees have grown.

"Sherri is constantly looking for ways to better the membership with services
and pushing all to constantly give back to the community while being at the
forefront of the giving," she said.

Stumpf also is a role model in the community for giving back, Frederick said.

"She is constantly being asked by young women working in various fields for
advice," she said. "She works to erase barriers women face in the workforce
daily and pushes organizations to be better and to grow without becoming
complacent."

Frederick said Stumpf strives to eliminate inequality and raise awareness of
women's issues by working with the Women's Fund, Rock County and the Stateline
Community Foundation.

"Through Sherri's guidance and involvement," she said, "BCCU has become a leader
in the community. She allows her employees to become involved in community
projects so they, along with the community, have come to know BCCU as a source
for helping others in the community."

AWARD RECIPIENTS

The YWCA Rock County, Janesville, has honored more than 173 people and
organizations who have improved women's lives through community service,
professional achievement, integrity, leadership and dedication to the well-being
of others.

During the 41st Women of Distinction Awards, the organization will honor several
Women of Distinction, a Young Woman of Distinction and a local business.

In addition to Sherri Stumpf, award recipients are:

--Lynn Jones of Janesville, who has worked for Community Action since 2004. For
the past 25 years, she has focused her efforts in the stateline area on
employment and training, community engagement, neighborhood development and
grant writing.

Jones worked with partner agencies to develop the local job center system, an
accomplishment that led her to other opportunities in program development. Since
she joined Community Action, she has written grants, implemented the employment
and training department, and become deputy director of the not-for-profit
organization that aims to reduce poverty in Rock and Walworth counties.

She encourages others to find their strengths and share their abilities so they
can make a difference in the community.

--Roberta Haakinson of Janesville, whose job as a hair stylist has given her
opportunities to support her community. Twenty years ago, she introduced the
Look Good Feel Better program, which supports women dealing with the side
effects of cancer treatment. They receive makeovers and free cosmetics and learn
how to improve their appearance during their treatments.

She also helped establish the wig program through Mercy Health Association
Volunteers, so free wigs can be provided to those who are losing their hair
because of health issues. Since it started 20 years ago, the program has grown
to six staff members who have served more than 2,000 clients.

Haakinson serves meals and provides haircuts for homeless men at the GIFTS Men's
Shelter through her church outreach program. She participated in the Wilson
School Breakfast Club and now is involved in the Good News Club for children.
She also has gone on mission trips to Haiti and Mexico.

Other events close to Haakinson's heart are fundraisers for the Janesville
Hockey League and the Hancock Hustle, which raises money for lung disease, which
took her husband's life.

--Camilla Owen of Janesville, a local teacher who was a tennis instructor for
more than 40 years and tennis coach for more than 25 years. Before retiring
after a nearly 30-year teaching career, she was named teacher of the year and
inducted into the Whitewater and Janesville sports halls of fame.

Her community involvement includes serving on boards for the YWCA Rock County
and the Boys & Girls Club of Janesville, being a United Way representative for
Franklin Middle School for 15 years, co-chairwoman of the Janesville Education
Foundation and a member of the Janesville Multicultural Teacher Opportunities
Foundation, Janesville Tennis Association, Rock River Charter School and
Janesville Sports Hall of Fame boards. She also is a volunteer driver for the
American Cancer Society.

--Caryn Oleston of Janesville, who is the chief nursing officer for nursing
practices at Mercy Walworth and Mercy Harvard and teaches the accelerated
nursing program at UW-Oshkosh.

She has master's degrees in nursing and health care administration, is a fellow
in the American College of Health Care Executives, is certified as a nurse
executive advanced and is board-certified through the American Nurses
Credentialing Center.

Oleston is a member of the American Nursing Association, Wisconsin Nursing
Association, American Organization of Nurse Executives and Sigma Theta Tau.

She is a member of the YWCA Rock County Board of Directors, a former KANDU
Industries board member and past Forward Janesville ambassador.

--Regina D. Hendrix of Beloit, who has been the assistant director of the Help
Yourself Program at Beloit College, which has helped local youth be successful
in school since the summer of 2012. She is pursuing a master's degree in
curriculum and instruction with a concentration on equity, ethics and justice.

As the first African-American female on the Beloit City Council, she gives a
voice to residents who believe they do not have one. She also serves on the
Visit Beloit and Community Action boards of directors.

Among her community activities are Delta Sigma Theta sorority, Rising
Professionals, Beloit Memorial High School Knightingales, Rising Knights
Historically Black Colleges and University Tours, Beloit College Black Students
United and the Minority Excellence Organization.

She also was a guest violist with the Beloit Chamber Orchestra, plays in the
River of Life Orchestra, is active in her church and co-founded Beloit Residents
Against Violence Everywhere, a group started by local mothers and educators to
protect children from violence.

--Michelle Hendrix-Nora of Beloit, who is the special education program manager
and transition coordinator at Beloit Memorial High School. She is currently
seeking her principal and director of pupil service certifications.

She teaches an ACT prep and computer class through UW-Whitewater pre-college
programs and works with students in the Beloit College Help Yourself Program by
attending field trips and hosting workshops on various topics.

Hendrix-Nora has been involved in Delta Sigma Theta sorority, Beloit Memorial
High School Knightingales, Rising Knights Historically Black Colleges and
University Tours, the Minority Excellence Organization, (E)Quality Committee and
as its minority liaison, on the Rock County Coalition on Transition Board and
Transition Network Academy. She also works with youth at church and school,
including in youth and adult choirs.

Hendrix-Nora has received the Greater Beloit Chamber/Rotary Club Teacher
Appreciation Award, Women's Culture Club Award, Back to Beloit Award and the
2011 Herb Kohl Educational Foundation Fellows Award.

--The Janesville husband and wife team of Stephen and Cameron Pickering, who run
Drywater Productions. When they're not busy raising their four children or
home-schooling their daughter, they are restoring and maintaining their historic
home and giving back to the community.

They enjoy getting involved in community events, specifically those geared to
children, and dream of starting a free film school to give young people,
especially those who are underprivileged, the skills and confidence to tell
stories through film.

The couple have received numerous awards for everything from short films to
commercials.

___ (c)2016 The Janesville Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) Visit The Janesville
Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) at www.gazetteextra.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160303-JG-Blackhawk-Community-Credit-Union-chief-among-those-earning-Women-of-
Distinction-recognition-0303-20160303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2016 The Janesville Gazette


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            August 9, 2006 Wednesday

HEALTH SCENE

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 1411 words


Health Scene includes free and low-cost East Bay classes, screenings and events.
Submit items by noon Tuesday for publication the following week. Include a
daytime phone number readers may call. Address items to: Times Health Scene,
P.O. Box 8099, Walnut Creek, CA 94596.

BLOOD DRIVES

American Red Cross, Northern California Blood Services Region -- Brentwood --
2-6 p.m. Aug. 10. Delta Pure Water, 41A Sand Creek Road. 800-448-3543,
www.beadonor.com. Concord -- 8 a.m.-2 p.m. Aug. 22. BofA Tech Center, Building A
Conference Room, 1655 Grant St. Appointments: Anne, 925-675-4741,
www.beadonor.com, code: BOA84TECH. Livermore -- 1-7 p.m. Aug. 11. Robert
Livermore Community Center, 4444 East Ave. Appointment: Tom, 925-447-1950,
www.beadonor.com, code: ASBURY. San Ramon -- Noon-6 p.m. Aug. 30. Toyota Motor
Sales, Large Classroom, 2451 Bishop Drive. Appointments: 925-275-3428,
www.beadonor.com, code: TOYOTA84. Walnut Creek -- 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Aug. 17. PMI
Group, 3003 Oak Road. Appointments: 925-658-6442, www.beadonor.com, code: PMI.

EDUCATION

Osteoporosis -- 9:30-11 a.m. Aug. 10. John Muir Medical Center, Brentwood
Campus, 2400 Balfour Road. Information will include bone density tests, exercise
and fracture prevention during daily activities. Free. 925-674-2586.

Back Care and Prevention -- 6:30 p.m. Aug. 15. Eden Campus, Eden Medical Center,
20103 Lake Chabot Road, Castro Valley. Free. 510-889-5078.

Managing Insomnia -- 9:30-11 a.m. Aug. 25. John Muir Medical Center, Ball
Auditorium, 1601 Ygnacio Valley Road, Walnut Creek. Free. 925-674-2586.

Mental Illnesses -- 7 p.m. Sept. 7. Call for meeting place. The class is offered
through the National Alliance for the Mentally Ill. Space is limited to 25
participants. Contact: Russell or Donna White, 925-455-6901 or
russdonnawhite@comcast.net.

Chemical Dependency workshops -- 10 a.m.-noon, Saturdays. Alta Bates Summit
Medical Center, Health Education Center, Room 201, 400 Hawthorne Ave., Oakland.
510-652-7000.

SCREENINGS

Body-Fat Testing -- Call for an appointment for time and day. Health & Fitness
Institute, John Muir/Mt. Diablo Health System, 2231 Galaxy Court, Concord.
$25-$50. Appointments: 925-798-9401.

HIV Testing -- Contra Costa Health Services is offering HIV testing and
counseling services in several cities throughout the county. Locations and
schedule: 925-313-6771, www.cchealth.org.

MISCELLANEOUS

Public Policy Health Care in Contra Costa County -- Third Wednesday of every
odd-numbered month in Martinez. Apply for appointment to Contra Costa Health
Plan's Managed Care Commission. 925-313-6004 or www.cchealth.org.

County Alcohol and Other Drugs Advisory Board seeks 8 members -- 3:45-6:15 p.m.
fourth Wednesdays monthly. 2425 Bisso Lane, Concord. Open to the public.
Membership: 925-313-6311.

Cancer Study -- Northern California Cancer Center studies how diet affects
growth and development in girls. Two-year project. Participants can visit
www.grlsstudy.org, 800-541-4757.

Heart-Health Assessment Tool -- The American Heart Association's Go Red for
Women movement, a nationwide campaign raising women's awareness of the risks of
heart disease, has launched an online, interactive heart-health assessment tool
at www.GoRedForWomen.org, 888-694-3278.

The Diagnosis of Cancer -- 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m. second and fourth Tuesdays monthly.
A professionally led group addresses issues of recovery, celebrating
survivorship and relating to others in a supportive and therapeutic manner. 450
30th St., Peralta Pavilion, Suite 2810, Oakland. Free. Register: 510-869-8833.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 15, 2006 Friday

Woman of the Year profile: Janet "Jan" L. Peery, YWCA Oklahoma City

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 651  words


Over the past nine years, Jan Peery has built a reputation as a strong advocate
for women, especially those who have been victimized by domestic violence and/or
sexual assault. Peery pioneered the effort to create the Sexual Assault Nurse
Examiner (SANE) Program in 2000. "Working within our community to establish the
SANE program for Oklahoma County was a tremendous accomplishment. The program is
a multidisciplinary effort including five police jurisdictions, three medical
centers, the district attorney's office, victim advocates and trained forensic
nurses," she said. "Joint protocols were developed and accepted by each
discipline to help create systemic change, provide vital services to victims of
sexual assault, collect evidence for prosecution and minimize re-traumatizing
victims through the process.

" Since joining the staff at YWCA Oklahoma City in 1997, her responsibilities
have expanded from grants administrator, to programs director to her current
position as CEO. "With the YWCA's mission to 'eliminate racism and empower
women,' I found an opportunity to make a marked difference in both individual
lives and in community systems. It has helped reinforce my belief that one
person can truly bring about systemic change by building centers of influence
and facing the unknown with courage and determination. " Peery has an
associate's degree from St. Gregory's University and a bachelor's degree from
Oklahoma City University. She is a member of the Greater Oklahoma City Chamber,
South Oklahoma City Chamber of Commerce, Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and Rotary
Club of Oklahoma City and an executive with Executive Women's International. She
also serves on several committees with the Oklahoma Coalition Against Domestic
Violence and Sexual Assault. Peery's civic and nonprofit affiliations include
serving as president-elect of the YWCA Southwest/Delta Region and as a member
and regional task force representative of YWCA USA. A member of Leadership
Oklahoma City Class XXIV, she also is a member of the Oklahoma County Task Force
Against Family Violence and the Latino Agency Community Linkage Council. "As CEO
of the YWCA, my goal is increase awareness and position the YWCA so we would be
included 'at the table' anytime our community was discussing racial justice or
women's issues," Peery said. In 2003, she received the Every Woman Award - One
Voice Committed to Making a Difference from the Oklahoma Coalition Against
Domestic Violence and Sexual Assault. With that, she also received recognition
by Secretary of State Susan Savage and Gov. Brad Henry with a "Jan Peery Day" -
June 18, 2003. "My marriage of 34 years and raising a family of four will always
remain as my most precious accomplishment. Additionally, returning to complete
my degree while raising the family, working 50-plus hours per week and
graduating with a 3.98 grade point will always feel pretty awesome to me! My
work at the YWCA, beginning with the creation of SANE program, has also given me
a great sense of accomplishment - but is only a small ripple of the work yet to
be done. " About Jan: Birthplace: Arlington, Va. Spouse: Greg Peery Children:
Mark, 31; Chad, 29; Jill, 25; and Sami, 20 Grandchildren: McKinsey, 7; Mason, 5;
Hannah, 19 months; McKade, 16 months; and Gavin, 1 month First job: TG&Y cashier
Dream job: "In truth, I can't imagine loving a job any more than I do my current
position. I am helping to make a difference (sometimes life-and-death
difference) in people's lives, in an agency with a mission to eliminate racism
and empower women. To me, that's a dream job!" Pets: A 104-pound, white boxer
named Cascius Hobbies: Reading and gardening Favorite type of food: Italian
Favorite type of music: "I like most all types of music except rap - but if I
had to select one, right now it would probably be country. " Favorite vacation
spot: The ocean and a cruise to most anywhere

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Employee Benefit Advisor

                                   March 2015

An Essential Union;
The broker-carrier relationship, especially one as long-lasting as Bob and
William Taylor's with Florida Blue and Darnell Smith, is dynamic and
continuously evolving. EBA examines what makes such a partnership tick.

BYLINE: Elizabeth Galentine

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24 Vol. 13 No. 3

LENGTH: 1871  words


When your office is the first stop for the new president of your state's biggest
health insurance carrier, you can bet you're an influential player in the
distribution system. Bob Taylor, owner of Combined Insurance Services in Ocala,
Fla., earned that visit from Florida Blue's president thanks to his nearly
40-year connection with the carrier and his standing among the top 1% of the
approximately 3,000 agents selling Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Florida plans
in the Sunshine State.

Recognizing the importance of the broker-carrier relationship, EBA, in
partnership with business intelligence data analytics firm miEdge, introduces
the top large-group insurance carriers in the country (see charts throughout).
The listings are based on Form 5500 Schedule A reporting data on premiums for
large-group business submitted to the Department of Labor as of Dec. 31, 2014.
(As such, groups under 100 lives, government entities and church plans are not
required to file and any disclosure on Schedule C's are also not contemplated in
the numbers.)

In conjunction with the rankings, leading carriers, Taylor and other veteran
advisers share what makes for a strong broker-carrier partnership and examine
how both parties can improve the connection.

First, it helps to be able to put yourself in the other party's shoes. Taylor -
who started his career as a deputy sheriff before realizing his side job as a
benefit broker brought in more money with "nobody shooting at me" - first made a
name for himself as a sales rep for Florida Blue in 1977. In two years, he was
leading the state in sales and moved to Miami to become a manager. Two years
later, he moved back to Ocala and served in a hybrid sales-training role until
he decided to start his own brokerage in December of 1981.

Taylor credits "a significant amount" of his success to Florida Blue (No. 22),
where he says he acquired inside knowledge as to how and why carriers make the
decisions that they do. For example, through his large clients in Miami, he
learned the benefits of self-funding.

Eight and half years at The Standard (No. 29) gave Pam Hublitz, senior vice
president, employee benefits, at Golsan Scruggs Insurance and Risk Management in
Battle Ground, Wash., not only an education on medical underwriting but also a
keen understanding of how to make the broker-carrier relationship work. "If
you're with a carrier for a long time or just only working on the carrier side,
until you're out there on the broker side, you can kind of be in a box ... It
really is an eye-opener to be on both sides of the table," says Hublitz. "Once
you're on both sides, I think you have a better skill set."

Importance of the broker

Darnell Smith, North Florida market president for Florida Blue, has worked with
Taylor and Combined Insurance Services for 20 years. "They're just incredible
individuals," he says, adding that they've talked personally as often as once a
week, but usually check in monthly.

Smith appreciates Taylor's focus on the customer, knowledge of the industry and
the Affordable Care Act as well as his firm's ability to stay up on the latest
technology and emphasize wellness. "You talk about innovation, there's a lot of
things we're trying to do to drive costs down while driving quality up and they
very much partake in that," he adds.

The vast majority of Cigna's business is conducted through brokers and
consultants - "in the high nineties," according to Gary Kirkner, president of
sales for Cigna's group insurance business. Cigna (No. 6 overall and in the
group health category, No. 4 in dental, No. 1 for short- and long-term
disability, No.3 for life and No. 7 in voluntary) keeps track of who they're
calling on, how they're doing with clients, and shares the information with the
whole organization. "We do monitor producer penetration around the country so we
have a pretty good barometer of who the producers are out there and how we're
interacting with them," says Kirkner.

It's the same story at MetLife (No. 7 overall, No.1 in dental, No. 3 in short-
and long-term disability and No. 1 in life). Brokers are the primary distributor
for nearly all products, says Scott Beck, vice president, broker and consultant
relationship management. It's MetLife's overall goal to be more
customer-centric, "and that definition includes brokers," Beck says.

Kaiser Permanente (No. 1 overall and in the group health category) is "extremely
supportive" of the broker community as well, says Peter Andrade, senior vice
president of California sales and account management. " ... We absolutely see it
as a partnership and a joint go-to-market capability with the brokers that we
work with and the brokers that we want to work with."

What makes the relationship strong

The first step in building a strong relationship with a carrier is establishing
trust, says Florida Blue's Smith. "It starts with honesty, it starts with
candor, respect. We don't always win every deal, but when we don't, we
understand what it is we did or didn't do. ... We get great feedback," he says.

Smith says Florida Blue gets calls from brokers and agents all the time asking
for them to bend the rules, be it a late enrollment or other exception. Those,
like Taylor, who have built a good rapport will "literally fight on behalf of
their customers," Smith says, and Florida Blue is often able to grant those
exceptions "because they do work so well with us. ... It really helps to know
they're going to be here for a while."

Taylor met Smith when he was on Florida Blue's North Florida agents council.
Smith was the head of membership and billing at the time. "If I had a problem
with membership and billing, I didn't have to go to their 800 number or
anything," says Taylor. "I could just pick up the phone and call Darnell and
say, 'Hey, there's a problem here.' ... and he would make it happen."

Golsan Scruggs' Hublitz agrees. "When you need someone to go to bat for you, you
really need to have that relationship. I think it's crucial in our business so
I'm a very big advocate for that," she says. "They get to know you and they know
how you do business and they know you're ethical. Our brokerage firm has an
excellent reputation and when we ask for something ... I always give a reason of
why we need it or why they should at least consider it. When you're building
those relationships with your carrier reps and you treat them with respect and
their support staffs with respect then your life just goes easier."

Having a close relationship with someone at the top of the carrier business
means the ability to get things done easier and faster for clients - a real
market differentiator for Combined Insurance Services, Taylor points out. "Our
way of doing business is that we don't want the client to ever call the 800
number at Blue Cross and try and get a problem solved."

"That's how we have brought value to our customers," Taylor adds. "Because
typically, and sadly, most brokers will make a sale, give the employee their new
ID card ... and they'll say, 'You have a problem, call the number on the back of
your ID card.'"

Where brokers can improve

Taylor suggests a simple way for brokers to improve their relationship with
carriers: Give them business. "Nothing says, 'You love me' like a lot of
business coming in," he says. "The reason we have such a good relationship with
Blue Cross is we provide a lot of business to them," adding that Combined
Insurance Services renews around 95% of its business every year. "And they don't
hear from our customers on their service lines because we're taking care of all
the problems here in our office for them."

That's important in these post-ACA, medical loss ratio days. Jim Edwards,
co-owner of Leavitt Great West Insurance Services in Helena, Mont., worked for
Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Montana in the past. "Carriers are always looking
for brokers that stay active, bring them new business, market intelligence, what
the buyers like and dislike about the policy provisions," he says. "Brokers are
conduits, so they're the ears back to the carrier, 'Hey, groups really like this
new co-pay plan ...'"

Cigna's Kirkner says before the implementation of the ACA there was too much
focus on price over value. "I think producers have done an excellent job of
refocusing not only their efforts, but their clients' efforts ... in really
speaking more and more about value."

Because employee benefit programs "are far more strategic now," Kirkner suggests
advisers whose clients have gone to high-deductible health plans and have not
already done so to have the "natural discussion around voluntary products and
talk about accidental injury, critical illness to fill in the gaps ... on the
way to hitting a high deductible."

Those who want to invoke a strategic approach need to address voluntary
benefits, "coordinating ancillary plans with health care plans and voluntary
plans and making sure that hopefully every dollar a client spends, as well as a
customer or employee spends, is giving them maximum value," he says. "That's
something that we absolutely have been pushing and will continue to push both
with our producers."

The key to keeping business, says MetLife's Beck, is providing exceptional
service. For example, since dental insurance is a high-transaction business,
"there's lots of opportunities to get it right and there's lots of opportunities
to get it wrong," he says. "We look for those who can figure out ways to get it
right as often as possible, and so service is critical - implementation and
ongoing service."

At Kaiser, Andrade wants broker partners who understand their unique delivery
system. He encourages advisers to "get into a facility, meet some of our
physicians and look at our technology."

Read more top carriers content, including how carriers and brokers are
addressing commission changes, where carriers can improve and how the two
parties are meeting rising educational needs - and view complete top carrier
details at eba.benefitnews.com.

TOP 10: HEALTH

1 Aflac

2 United American Insurance Company

3 Minnesota Life

4 Unum

5 Colonial Life

6 Lincoln Financial Group

7 Cigna

8 Mutual of Omaha

9 Prudential

10 Reliance Standard Life Insurance

TOP 10: DENTAL

1 MetLife

2 Delta Dental of California

3 Aetna

4 Cigna

5 Delta Dental

6 Guardian

7 United Concordia

8 Delta Dental of Michigan

9 Delta Dental of New Jersey

10 Delta Dental of Pennsylvania

Top 10: Vision

1 VSP

2 EyeMed Vision Care

3 UnitedHealthcare

4 Fidelity Security Life Insurance Company

5 Guardian

6 HM Insurance Group

7 Combined Insurance Company/ACE

8 Anthem

9 Aetna

10 Ameritas

TOP 10: STD

1 Cigna

2 Unum

3 MetLife

4 Lincoln Financial Group

5 The Hartford

6 Prudential

7 Reliance Standard Life Insurance Company

8 Aetna

9 The Standard

10 Liberty Mutual

TOP 10: LTD

1 Cigna

2 Unum

3 MetLife

4 Liberty Mutual

5 The Hartford

6 Prudential

7 The Standard

8 Lincoln Financial Group

9 Reliance Standard Life Insurance Company

10 Aetna

TOP 10: LIFE

1 MetLife

2 Prudential

3 Cigna

4 Minnesota Life

5 Unum

6 Aetna

7 The Hartford

8 Lincoln Financial Group

9 The Standard

10 Sun Life Financial

TOP 10: VOLUNTARY

1 Aflac

2 United American Insurance Company

3 Minnesota Life

4 Unum

5 Colonial Life

6 Lincoln Financial Group

7 Cigna

8 Mutual of Omaha Life Insurance Company

9 Prudential

10 Reliance Standard Life Insurance Company

URL: http://www.eba.benefitnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: EBA


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           October 1, 2008 Wednesday

Names in the news

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: AROUND THE COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 506 words


Congratulations to the royalty

SNMSF rodeo queen and court

Southern New Mexico State Fair Rodeo Queen Danika Jackson, 19, is a sophomore at
New Mexico State University in the athletic training education program. She
plans on attending chiropractic school after graduation. Jackson is agriculture
council reporter for the college of agriculture and home economics and treasurer
for the Block and Bridle Club. She is the daughter of Fred and Leslie Jackson.

SNMSF Rodeo Princess Jessica DiCamillo is a sophomore in high school and enjoys
playing soccer. She has a passion for animals and the outdoors.

SNMSF Rodeo Jr. Princess Jordan Morris, 11, is a sixth grader at Camino Real
Middle School. She is the daughter of Jimmy Morris and Tana and Jason Waldrip.

SNMSF queen and court

Southern New Mexico State Fair Queen Katie Grandle, 16, is an active and
involved member of her community. She is a senior at Las Cruces High School, has
held various offices in FFA at the chapter and district levels throughout her
six years of membership, as well as running varsity cross country at LCHS and
playing softball for her church. She will be pursuing a degree in agricultural
economics when she attends college.

SNMSF Jr. Princess Raelyn Gardner, 11, is involved in the Bullseye 4H club and
enjoys shooting sports and showing rabbits. She is the daughter of Russell and
Pam Gardner.

SNMSF Pee Wee Princess Brelyn Carrillo, 6, is a first grader at Tombaugh
Elementary. Carrillo worked on showing her goat in the pee wee goat show
throughout the year.

AT&T awards scholarship

Kristin Brotan from Las Cruces, recently received a $2,500 college scholarship
from AT&T.

Brotan, a graduate of Las Cruces High School, is in her fourth year at the
University of Nebraska-Lincoln where she is studying biological sciences. An
active member of her university's student life, she is director of scholarship
of Delta Gamma Sorority, treasurer for the College of Art and Sciences Student
Advisory Board, a Grade Option Appeals Committee student representative and an
Emergency Room volunteer.

MountainView donates to Community Foundation

MountainView Hospital recently contributed $20,000 to the Community Foundation
of Southern New Mexico.

"The foundation is efficient and well managed and we've all heard of so many
that are not. It really maximizes the resources in the community and doesn't
control what people do with their money," said Randall Hempling, CEO of
MountainView Regional Medical Center.

Hempling finds time to volunteer on the board of directors for the Community
Foundation.

Domenici receives Public Service Award

The Emergency Nurses Association recently presented its 2008 Public Service
Award to Sen. Pete Domenici (R-N.M.) in honor of his efforts to build a broad
base of support for legislation that would provide parity in health care
coverage for people needing mental health and addiction treatment. Domenici and
Sen. Edward Kennedy (D-Mass.), who was also honored, were crucial in securing
the Senate passage of the Mental Health Parity Act in 2007.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Randall Hempling
At right, 2008 Southern New Mexico State Fair Rodeo Court (from left, Princess
Jessica DiCamillo, Queen Danika Jackson and Jr. Princess Jordan Morris.)
At left, 2008 Southern New Mexico State Fair Court (from left, Pee Wee Princess
Brelyn Carrillo, Queen Katie Grandle and Jr. Princess Raelyn Gardner.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2008 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 8, 1998, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Paid Notice: Deaths
CUSHMAN, JOHN C.

SECTION: Section B; Page 10; Column 1; Classified

LENGTH: 450 words


CUSHMAN-John C., Jr. John Clydesdale Cushman, Jr., died November 30, 1998, in
Escondido, CA. He lived in Lake San Marcos, CA, since 1981, and prior to that in
Montclair, NJ, since age two. A 12th generation Mayflower descendant, Mr.
Cushman was born in NYC on September 24, 1912. He graduated from Governor Dummer
Academy, South Byfield, MA, in 1932, and Amherst College, Amherst, MA, in 1936.
He attended Fordham Law School. Mr. Cushman joined Cushman & Wakefield, Inc., in
NYC in 1936, the commercial real estate brokerage and management firm founded in
1917 by his father and uncle, respectively, John C. Cushman and Bernard
Wakefield. After serving as Executive Vice President, Secretary and Director, he
left in 1964 to form J.C. Cushman, Inc. Until his death, Mr. Cushman served as
President and Director of D.A. Cushman Realty Corporation, a real estate
ownership and management firm founded in 1830 in the Chelsea/23rd Street area of
NYC by his great-grandfather, Don Alozo Cushman. Stationed in Washington, DC,
Mr. Cushman served as Lt. Commander in the U.S. Navy during World War II. In
NYC, he was a Director of Windsor Life Insurance Company, Director of 9th
Federal Savings & Loan Association, Director and President of the Lexington
First Avenue Association, Governor and Secretary of The Real Estate Board of New
York, and Governor of the Army Navy Club of New York. Memberships in NYC
included: the University Club, International Association of Building Owners &
Managers (BOMA), The Institute of Real Estate Management (IREM) with a Certified
Property Manager (CPM) designation, International Real Estate Federation,
National Association of Real Estate Boards, East Side Association, and the
American Arbitration Association. Other memberships included: Alpha Delta Phi,
Rock Spring Club (West Orange, NJ), Secretary and Governor of Deer Lake Club
(Boonton, NJ), United Fund of West Essex County (NJ), Visiting Nurse Association
(San Diego), and Lake San Marcos Country Club and Lake San Marcos Yacht Club
(both in Lake San Marcos, CA). Survivors include sister Anne Cushman Reynolds of
Milwaukie, OR; brother Robert William Cushman of Sarasota, FL; his wife of 59
years, Florence Blauvelt Cushman of Lake San Marcos, CA; twin sons John
Clydesdale Cushman III of Pasadena, CA and Louis Blauvelt Cushman of Houston,
TX, and son David Goodrich Cushman of Glendale, CA; and eight grandsons, two
granddaughters and one greatgrandson. Donations may be made to "The San Marcos
High School Scholarship Fund," in memory of Jack Cushman, for a deserving member
of the golf team. Send to: c/o Bobbi Mathies, Cushman Realty Corporation, 601 S.
Figueroa St, 47th flr, Los Angeles, CA 90017.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Paid Death Notice

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 7, 1998, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Paid Notice: Deaths
CUSHMAN, JOHN C., JR

SECTION: Section B; Page 10; Column 1; Classified

LENGTH: 450 words


CUSHMAN-John C., Jr. John Clydesdale Cushman, Jr., died November 30, 1998, in
Escondido, CA. He lived in Lake San Marcos, CA, since 1981, and prior to that in
Montclair, NJ, since age two. A 12th generation Mayflower descendant, Mr.
Cushman was born in NYC on September 24, 1912. He graduated from Governor Dummer
Academy, South Byfield, MA, in 1932, and Amherst College, Amherst, MA, in 1936.
He attended Fordham Law School. Mr. Cushman joined Cushman & Wakefield, Inc., in
NYC in 1936, the commercial real estate brokerage and management firm founded in
1917 by his father and uncle, respectively, John C. Cushman and Bernard
Wakefield. After serving as Executive Vice President, Secretary and Director, he
left in 1964 to form J.C. Cushman, Inc. Until his death, Mr. Cushman served as
President and Director of D.A. Cushman Realty Corporation, a real estate
ownership and management firm founded in 1830 in the Chelsea/23rd Street area of
NYC by his great-grandfather, Don Alozo Cushman. Stationed in Washington, DC,
Mr. Cushman served as Lt. Commander in the U.S. Navy during World War II. In
NYC, he was a Director of Windsor Life Insurance Company, Director of 9th
Federal Savings & Loan Association, Director and President of the Lexington
First Avenue Association, Governor and Secretary of The Real Estate Board of New
York, and Governor of the Army Navy Club of New York. Memberships in NYC
included: the University Club, International Association of Building Owners &
Managers (BOMA), The Institute of Real Estate Management (IREM) with a Certified
Property Manager (CPM) designation, International Real Estate Federation,
National Association of Real Estate Boards, East Side Association, and the
American Arbitration Association. Other memberships included: Alpha Delta Phi,
Rock Spring Club (West Orange, NJ), Secretary and Governor of Deer Lake Club
(Boonton, NJ), United Fund of West Essex County (NJ), Visiting Nurse Association
(San Diego), and Lake San Marcos Country Club and Lake San Marcos Yacht Club
(both in Lake San Marcos, CA). Survivors include sister Anne Cushman Reynolds of
Milwaukie, OR; brother Robert William Cushman of Sarasota, FL; his wife of 59
years, Florence Blauvelt Cushman of Lake San Marcos, CA; twin sons John
Clydesdale Cushman III of Pasadena, CA and Louis Blauvelt Cushman of Houston,
TX, and son David Goodrich Cushman of Glendale, CA; and eight grandsons, two
granddaughters and one greatgrandson. Donations may be made to "The San Marcos
High School Scholarship Fund," in memory of Jack Cushman, for a deserving member
of the golf team. Send to: c/o Bobbi Mathies, Cushman Realty Corporation, 601 S.
Figueroa St, 47th flr, Los Angeles, CA 90017.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Paid Death Notice

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 6, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Paid Notice: Deaths
CUSHMAN, JOHN C., JR.

SECTION: Section 1; Page 67; Column 3; Classified

LENGTH: 450 words


CUSHMAN-John C., Jr. John Clydesdale Cushman, Jr., died November 30, 1998, in
Escondido, CA. He lived in Lake San Marcos, CA, since 1981, and prior to that in
Montclair, NJ, since age two. A 12th generation Mayflower descendant, Mr.
Cushman was born in NYC on September 24, 1912. He graduated from Governor Dummer
Academy, South Byfield, MA, in 1932, and Amherst College, Amherst, MA, in 1936.
He attended Fordham Law School. Mr. Cushman joined Cushman & Wakefield, Inc., in
NYC in 1936, the commercial real estate brokerage and management firm founded in
1917 by his father and uncle, respectively, John C. Cushman and Bernard
Wakefield. After serving as Executive Vice President, Secretary and Director, he
left in 1964 to form J.C. Cushman, Inc. Until his death, Mr. Cushman served as
President and Director of D.A. Cushman Realty Corporation, a real estate
ownership and management firm founded in 1830 in the Chelsea/23rd Street area of
NYC by his great-grandfather, Don Alozo Cushman. Stationed in Washington, DC,
Mr. Cushman served as Lt. Commander in the U.S. Navy during World War II. In
NYC, he was a Director of Windsor Life Insurance Company, Director of 9th
Federal Savings & Loan Association, Director and President of the Lexington
First Avenue Association, Governor and Secretary of The Real Estate Board of New
York, and Governor of the Army Navy Club of New York. Memberships in NYC
included: the University Club, International Association of Building Owners &
Managers (BOMA), The Institute of Real Estate Management (IREM) with a Certified
Property Manager (CPM) designation, International Real Estate Federation,
National Association of Real Estate Boards, East Side Association, and the
American Arbitration Association. Other memberships included: Alpha Delta Phi,
Rock Spring Club (West Orange, NJ), Secretary and Governor of Deer Lake Club
(Boonton, NJ), United Fund of West Essex County (NJ), Visiting Nurse Association
(San Diego), and Lake San Marcos Country Club and Lake San Marcos Yacht Club
(both in Lake San Marcos, CA). Survivors include sister Anne Cushman Reynolds of
Milwaukie, OR; brother Robert William Cushman of Sarasota, FL; his wife of 59
years, Florence Blauvelt Cushman of Lake San Marcos, CA; twin sons John
Clydesdale Cushman III of Pasadena, CA and Louis Blauvelt Cushman of Houston,
TX, and son David Goodrich Cushman of Glendale, CA; and eight grandsons, two
granddaughters and one greatgrandson. Donations may be made to "The San Marcos
High School Scholarship Fund," in memory of Jack Cushman, for a deserving member
of the golf team. Send to: c/o Bobbi Mathies, Cushman Realty Corporation, 601 S.
Figueroa St, 47th flr, Los Angeles, CA 90017.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Paid Death Notice

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

Four compete for three seats in Discovery Bay CSD

BYLINE: By Melissa Moy For the Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 1159 words


One challenger and three incumbents are vying for three seats on the Discovery
Bay Community Services District Board of Directors Nov. 4.

Robert Leete, a retired finance director, is challenging incumbents Vice
President Chris Steele, Director Kevin Graves and Director Marianne Wiesen. This
is Leete's first bid for office.

"I have a great opportunity to use my skills to benefit the community," said
Leete who spent 20 years of his 40-year management career in water and
wastewater utilities. "I'd like to make sure we maintain fiscal strength," he
said.

All four candidates are active volunteers for numerous charities in Discovery
Bay and East County. They all favor expansion of community center programs and
building new parks for the active close-knit community that enjoys boating and
water activities, and outdoor sports like tennis, golf, baseball and soccer.

The Board of Directors has been good stewards of finances with a balanced
budget, low water rates and more than $1 million in reserves, the incumbents
said.

Wiesen said she'd also like the town to add programs, especially for youth and
seniors, at the community center; build a skate park for youth; and seek public
and private funds for a dog park that would feature an off-leash area for play
and exercise.

As an administrator who managed nursing homes for 32 years in Illinois,
Missouri, Kansas and Georgia, Wiesen specialized in strengthening leadership and
addressing regulatory and compliance issues. Wiesen also served as a member of
the Board of Directors for the Knox County, Ill., Housing Commission.

"I am not really a politician. My passion is people and listening to their
voices," said Wiesen, who entered politics to "have a say" in decisions for the
town. "The more you can contribute and be involved in your community the better.
I love Discovery Bay. It's really important to me to make it a desirable place
to live." The town is also a special place for Kevin Graves, who has lived in
Discovery Bay for 20 years and raised his son as a single parent. Graves said
coaching youth basketball and volunteering in his church and community is a
priority.

"There is a real sense of community, and I have a passion for the town and what
it has meant for me, the memories that it holds for me, and the people who have
supported me through tough times," said Graves, who is a Local Interagency
Network Coordinator for California Department of Veteran Affairs.

Graves was appointed to the board after other directors resigned from their
positions, he said.

"I have a gift to mediate and see things from a lot of different perspectives,"
Graves said. "I have a strong will, but it's balanced because I can see things
in a big picture way and see both sides."

Leete said his finance and management background will enable him to set
community priorities, deliver quality services and balance the town's budget. He
spent the bulk of his career with the Dublin San Ramon Services District in
addition to the Union Sanitary District in Fremont, the San Ramon Valley Fire
Protection District and the Alameda County Zone 7 Water Agency.

Leading Discovery Bay includes responsible management of water and wastewater
services, Leete said. He would like the town to increase solar energy options
and use recycled water for landscaping and expanding state grant opportunities
to bolster the town's green efforts.

Steele, a commercial real estate broker, also has green priorities.

"It's important to be good steward of the Delta, especially in drought season,"
he said.

The Board's priority has been to ensure that the community has the necessary
water and sewage infrastructure, Steele said.

As past president of the Discovery Bay Chamber of Commerce and an active
community volunteer, Steele said he enjoys "bringing people together to
collaborate." Community groups and residents previously rallied for the
successful passage of a $14.8 million bond measure, Steele said.

He added, "Discovery Bay is a lovely small town. I share in the vision to help
our neighbors out, and to help the kids in our schools."

Melissa Moy is a freelance writer and editor. Reach her at
melissammoy@gmail.com.Meet The Candidates

Kevin Graves
Age: 57
Occupation: Local Interagency Network coordinator, California Department of
Veteran Affairs
Election history: Incumbent; has served on the Discovery Bay Community Services
District
Board of Directors since December 2010. He has served twice as Board President,
once as vice
president, and also as the chairman of the Community Center Committee.
Personal background: Has lived in Discovery Bay for 20 years. Volunteers at
Delta Community
Presbyterian Church in Discovery Bay. He is president of Some Gave All - The
Joey Graves
Foundation, which honors his son, the late Spc. Joseph Graves. Graves serves in
the State
Military Reserve as a Staff Sergeant and as a Chaplain's Assistant for the 185th

MP Battalion in Pittsburg. Graves is married to Leianne Graves.
Education: B.A. in accounting with business minor, California State University,
East Bay

Robert Leete
Age: 64
Occupation: Retired Finance Director
Election history: First bid for office
Personal background: Has lived in Discovery Bay for five years. Volunteers as
the Director of
Finance for the Discovery Bay Yacht Club. Previously served on the Board of
Directors for
Pleasanton organizations, Ballistic United Soccer Club and First United Services
Credit Union.
Married to Joanne Leete, and has two adult children, one granddaughter and is
expecting the
birth of a second granddaughter in January.
Education: B.A., Political Science, California State University, East Bay; MPA,
Golden Gate
University.

Chris Steele
Age: 47
Occupation: Commercial Real Estate Broker
Election history: Incumbent; first elected to the Discovery Bay Community
Services District
Board of Directors in December 2010. He currently serves as Board Vice
President.
Personal background: Has lived in Discovery Bay since 1995. Volunteers with the
Discovery
Bay Lion's Club and Discovery Bay Chamber of Commerce, where he previously
served as
President. Married to Amy Steele and has two children; they attend Excelsior
Middle School in
Byron and Liberty High School in Brentwood.
Education: B.A. Robotics Engineering, ITT.

Marianne Wiesen
Age: 72
Occupation: Retired Nursing Home Administrator
Election history: Incumbent; she has served on the Discovery Bay Community
Services District
Board of Directors since December 2012.
Personal background: Has lived in Discovery Bay since 2010. Volunteers with
numerous local
organizations, including the Contra Costa County Peer Counselors program; the
Discovery Bay
Lion's Club, where she is a former Board member; founding member of the Bay Area
Rescue
Kanines; and she serves as the Administrative and Development Director for
Kaleidoscope, a
cancer support group. Wiesen has five adult children and three granddaughters.
Education: B.A. Health Care Administration, Georgetown University; Board
Governance
Program, University of Illinois.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

Four compete for three seats in Discovery Bay CSD

BYLINE: By Melissa Moy For the Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 1159 words


One challenger and three incumbents are vying for three seats on the Discovery
Bay Community Services District Board of Directors Nov. 4.

Robert Leete, a retired finance director, is challenging incumbents Vice
President Chris Steele, Director Kevin Graves and Director Marianne Wiesen. This
is Leete's first bid for office.

"I have a great opportunity to use my skills to benefit the community," said
Leete who spent 20 years of his 40-year management career in water and
wastewater utilities. "I'd like to make sure we maintain fiscal strength," he
said.

All four candidates are active volunteers for numerous charities in Discovery
Bay and East County. They all favor expansion of community center programs and
building new parks for the active close-knit community that enjoys boating and
water activities, and outdoor sports like tennis, golf, baseball and soccer.

The Board of Directors has been good stewards of finances with a balanced
budget, low water rates and more than $1 million in reserves, the incumbents
said.

Wiesen said she'd also like the town to add programs, especially for youth and
seniors, at the community center; build a skate park for youth; and seek public
and private funds for a dog park that would feature an off-leash area for play
and exercise.

As an administrator who managed nursing homes for 32 years in Illinois,
Missouri, Kansas and Georgia, Wiesen specialized in strengthening leadership and
addressing regulatory and compliance issues. Wiesen also served as a member of
the Board of Directors for the Knox County, Ill., Housing Commission.

"I am not really a politician. My passion is people and listening to their
voices," said Wiesen, who entered politics to "have a say" in decisions for the
town. "The more you can contribute and be involved in your community the better.
I love Discovery Bay. It's really important to me to make it a desirable place
to live." The town is also a special place for Kevin Graves, who has lived in
Discovery Bay for 20 years and raised his son as a single parent. Graves said
coaching youth basketball and volunteering in his church and community is a
priority.

"There is a real sense of community, and I have a passion for the town and what
it has meant for me, the memories that it holds for me, and the people who have
supported me through tough times," said Graves, who is a Local Interagency
Network Coordinator for California Department of Veteran Affairs.

Graves was appointed to the board after other directors resigned from their
positions, he said.

"I have a gift to mediate and see things from a lot of different perspectives,"
Graves said. "I have a strong will, but it's balanced because I can see things
in a big picture way and see both sides."

Leete said his finance and management background will enable him to set
community priorities, deliver quality services and balance the town's budget. He
spent the bulk of his career with the Dublin San Ramon Services District in
addition to the Union Sanitary District in Fremont, the San Ramon Valley Fire
Protection District and the Alameda County Zone 7 Water Agency.

Leading Discovery Bay includes responsible management of water and wastewater
services, Leete said. He would like the town to increase solar energy options
and use recycled water for landscaping and expanding state grant opportunities
to bolster the town's green efforts.

Steele, a commercial real estate broker, also has green priorities.

"It's important to be good steward of the Delta, especially in drought season,"
he said.

The Board's priority has been to ensure that the community has the necessary
water and sewage infrastructure, Steele said.

As past president of the Discovery Bay Chamber of Commerce and an active
community volunteer, Steele said he enjoys "bringing people together to
collaborate." Community groups and residents previously rallied for the
successful passage of a $14.8 million bond measure, Steele said.

He added, "Discovery Bay is a lovely small town. I share in the vision to help
our neighbors out, and to help the kids in our schools."

Melissa Moy is a freelance writer and editor. Reach her at
melissammoy@gmail.com.Meet The Candidates

Kevin Graves
Age: 57
Occupation: Local Interagency Network coordinator, California Department of
Veteran Affairs
Election history: Incumbent; has served on the Discovery Bay Community Services
District
Board of Directors since December 2010. He has served twice as Board President,
once as vice
president, and also as the chairman of the Community Center Committee.
Personal background: Has lived in Discovery Bay for 20 years. Volunteers at
Delta Community
Presbyterian Church in Discovery Bay. He is president of Some Gave All - The
Joey Graves
Foundation, which honors his son, the late Spc. Joseph Graves. Graves serves in
the State
Military Reserve as a Staff Sergeant and as a Chaplain's Assistant for the 185th

MP Battalion in Pittsburg. Graves is married to Leianne Graves.
Education: B.A. in accounting with business minor, California State University,
East Bay

Robert Leete
Age: 64
Occupation: Retired Finance Director
Election history: First bid for office
Personal background: Has lived in Discovery Bay for five years. Volunteers as
the Director of
Finance for the Discovery Bay Yacht Club. Previously served on the Board of
Directors for
Pleasanton organizations, Ballistic United Soccer Club and First United Services
Credit Union.
Married to Joanne Leete, and has two adult children, one granddaughter and is
expecting the
birth of a second granddaughter in January.
Education: B.A., Political Science, California State University, East Bay; MPA,
Golden Gate
University.

Chris Steele
Age: 47
Occupation: Commercial Real Estate Broker
Election history: Incumbent; first elected to the Discovery Bay Community
Services District
Board of Directors in December 2010. He currently serves as Board Vice
President.
Personal background: Has lived in Discovery Bay since 1995. Volunteers with the
Discovery
Bay Lion's Club and Discovery Bay Chamber of Commerce, where he previously
served as
President. Married to Amy Steele and has two children; they attend Excelsior
Middle School in
Byron and Liberty High School in Brentwood.
Education: B.A. Robotics Engineering, ITT.

Marianne Wiesen
Age: 72
Occupation: Retired Nursing Home Administrator
Election history: Incumbent; she has served on the Discovery Bay Community
Services District
Board of Directors since December 2012.
Personal background: Has lived in Discovery Bay since 2010. Volunteers with
numerous local
organizations, including the Contra Costa County Peer Counselors program; the
Discovery Bay
Lion's Club, where she is a former Board member; founding member of the Bay Area
Rescue
Kanines; and she serves as the Administrative and Development Director for
Kaleidoscope, a
cancer support group. Wiesen has five adult children and three granddaughters.
Education: B.A. Health Care Administration, Georgetown University; Board
Governance
Program, University of Illinois.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

Four compete for three seats in Discovery Bay CSD

BYLINE: By Melissa Moy For the Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1159 words


One challenger and three incumbents are vying for three seats on the Discovery
Bay Community Services District Board of Directors Nov. 4.

Robert Leete, a retired finance director, is challenging incumbents Vice
President Chris Steele, Director Kevin Graves and Director Marianne Wiesen. This
is Leete's first bid for office.

"I have a great opportunity to use my skills to benefit the community," said
Leete who spent 20 years of his 40-year management career in water and
wastewater utilities. "I'd like to make sure we maintain fiscal strength," he
said.

All four candidates are active volunteers for numerous charities in Discovery
Bay and East County. They all favor expansion of community center programs and
building new parks for the active close-knit community that enjoys boating and
water activities, and outdoor sports like tennis, golf, baseball and soccer.

The Board of Directors has been good stewards of finances with a balanced
budget, low water rates and more than $1 million in reserves, the incumbents
said.

Wiesen said she'd also like the town to add programs, especially for youth and
seniors, at the community center; build a skate park for youth; and seek public
and private funds for a dog park that would feature an off-leash area for play
and exercise.

As an administrator who managed nursing homes for 32 years in Illinois,
Missouri, Kansas and Georgia, Wiesen specialized in strengthening leadership and
addressing regulatory and compliance issues. Wiesen also served as a member of
the Board of Directors for the Knox County, Ill., Housing Commission.

"I am not really a politician. My passion is people and listening to their
voices," said Wiesen, who entered politics to "have a say" in decisions for the
town. "The more you can contribute and be involved in your community the better.
I love Discovery Bay. It's really important to me to make it a desirable place
to live." The town is also a special place for Kevin Graves, who has lived in
Discovery Bay for 20 years and raised his son as a single parent. Graves said
coaching youth basketball and volunteering in his church and community is a
priority.

"There is a real sense of community, and I have a passion for the town and what
it has meant for me, the memories that it holds for me, and the people who have
supported me through tough times," said Graves, who is a Local Interagency
Network Coordinator for California Department of Veteran Affairs.

Graves was appointed to the board after other directors resigned from their
positions, he said.

"I have a gift to mediate and see things from a lot of different perspectives,"
Graves said. "I have a strong will, but it's balanced because I can see things
in a big picture way and see both sides."

Leete said his finance and management background will enable him to set
community priorities, deliver quality services and balance the town's budget. He
spent the bulk of his career with the Dublin San Ramon Services District in
addition to the Union Sanitary District in Fremont, the San Ramon Valley Fire
Protection District and the Alameda County Zone 7 Water Agency.

Leading Discovery Bay includes responsible management of water and wastewater
services, Leete said. He would like the town to increase solar energy options
and use recycled water for landscaping and expanding state grant opportunities
to bolster the town's green efforts.

Steele, a commercial real estate broker, also has green priorities.

"It's important to be good steward of the Delta, especially in drought season,"
he said.

The Board's priority has been to ensure that the community has the necessary
water and sewage infrastructure, Steele said.

As past president of the Discovery Bay Chamber of Commerce and an active
community volunteer, Steele said he enjoys "bringing people together to
collaborate." Community groups and residents previously rallied for the
successful passage of a $14.8 million bond measure, Steele said.

He added, "Discovery Bay is a lovely small town. I share in the vision to help
our neighbors out, and to help the kids in our schools."

Melissa Moy is a freelance writer and editor. Reach her at melissammoy@gmail.com

Meet The Candidates

Kevin Graves
Age: 57
Occupation: Local Interagency Network coordinator, California Department of
Veteran Affairs
Election history: Incumbent; has served on the Discovery Bay Community Services
District
Board of Directors since December 2010. He has served twice as Board President,
once as vice
president, and also as the chairman of the Community Center Committee.
Personal background: Has lived in Discovery Bay for 20 years. Volunteers at
Delta Community
Presbyterian Church in Discovery Bay. He is president of Some Gave All " The
Joey Graves
Foundation, which honors his son, the late Spc. Joseph Graves. Graves serves in
the State
Military Reserve as a Staff Sergeant and as a Chaplain's Assistant for the 185th

MP Battalion in Pittsburg. Graves is married to Leianne Graves.
Education: B.A. in accounting with business minor, California State University,
East Bay

Robert Leete
Age: 64
Occupation: Retired Finance Director
Election history: First bid for office
Personal background: Has lived in Discovery Bay for five years. Volunteers as
the Director of
Finance for the Discovery Bay Yacht Club. Previously served on the Board of
Directors for
Pleasanton organizations, Ballistic United Soccer Club and First United Services
Credit Union.
Married to Joanne Leete, and has two adult children, one granddaughter and is
expecting the
birth of a second granddaughter in January.
Education: B.A., Political Science, California State University, East Bay; MPA,
Golden Gate
University.

Chris Steele
Age: 47
Occupation: Commercial Real Estate Broker
Election history: Incumbent; first elected to the Discovery Bay Community
Services District
Board of Directors in December 2010. He currently serves as Board Vice
President.
Personal background: Has lived in Discovery Bay since 1995. Volunteers with the
Discovery
Bay Lion's Club and Discovery Bay Chamber of Commerce, where he previously
served as
President. Married to Amy Steele and has two children; they attend Excelsior
Middle School in
Byron and Liberty High School in Brentwood.
Education: B.A. Robotics Engineering, ITT.

Marianne Wiesen
Age: 72
Occupation: Retired Nursing Home Administrator
Election history: Incumbent; she has served on the Discovery Bay Community
Services District
Board of Directors since December 2012.
Personal background: Has lived in Discovery Bay since 2010. Volunteers with
numerous local
organizations, including the Contra Costa County Peer Counselors program; the
Discovery Bay
Lion's Club, where she is a former Board member; founding member of the Bay Area
Rescue
Kanines; and she serves as the Administrative and Development Director for
Kaleidoscope, a
cancer support group. Wiesen has five adult children and three granddaughters.
Education: B.A. Health Care Administration, Georgetown University; Board
Governance
Program, University of Illinois.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           November 13, 2008 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Victims to be told reasons prisoners get leave

BYLINE: Linda Nguyen, Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 508  words


Victims of high-profile crimes and their families will now be informed of the
reasons why perpetrators are being allowed out of prison on escorted leaves,
Canada's new public safety minister, Peter Van Loan, said yesterday.

The minister said the new policy, which came on the day mass murderer David
Shearing was to be let out of his Alberta prison for four hours, was part of an
effort to keep the victims and families apprised of developments of concern to
them.

"This is a change to the practice," Mr. Van Loan said. "In all cases going
forward that are similar to this, the victims' families will be advised of the
escorted temporary absences."

Mr. Shearing killed six members of the same family, including two children, who
were camping in the B.C. interior in 1982. He held the two girls captive for
nearly a week, molesting one of them.

Shelley Boden, a relative of the murdered family, said yesterday she was
relieved to hear that, from now on, she would get to know the reasons Mr.
Shearing was allowed outside his prison walls.

"It's a great relief to know that I will know why he is getting a leave," Ms.
Boden said from her home in Delta, B.C. "It's a lot less stressful on our
family."

Ms. Boden said she was contacted by correctional service officials and told Mr.
Shearing's planned escorted release was cancelled yesterday because of
treacherous road conditions close to the Bowden Institution near Red Deer, Alta.

They would not tell her when the pass, which they said was given for "medical
reasons," might be issued again.

Ms. Boden said she was told Mr. Shearing would be shackled and accompanied by a
number of guards during his leave.

"I wanted to put this out there so people in Red Deer know that there is going
to be a mass murderer on their streets," she said. "It's a pretty scary thing
that a murderer is going to be on your streets for four hours."

However, Micheal Vonn, the policy director of the B.C. Civil Liberties
Association, says it's worrying if a decision to grant a prisoner an escorted
leave can be "swayed" by victims' families who are contacted before it occurs.

"This is not how this approach should be used. It would be a terrible, flagrant
abuse of the rights of the prisoner involved requiring medical care," she said.

Escorted leaves are usually granted on a case-by-case basis for medical or
compassionate reasons, such as to attend a funeral or a birth.

In the year 2006-07, 2,507 inmates were granted escorted temporary absences in
Canada, the lowest number in the past 10 years, according to Corrections and
Conditional Release Statistical Overview 2007. In all, about 39,000 escorted
temporary absence permits were granted that year.

Jeff Campbell, a spokesman for the Correctional Service of Canada, says that,
while inmates have access to health care in prison, an escorted absence can be
granted if they have a medical problem that can't be dealt with inside.

Last month, in turning down Mr. Shearing's bid for full parole, the National
Parole Board said he hadn't truly demonstrated remorse for his 1982 crimes.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

Magazine salutes young, local innovators

BYLINE: Kevin James Shay

SECTION: METRO; Pg. T16

LENGTH: 556 words


Ben Simon has seen a food recovery organization he helped found while at the
University of Maryland grow to national status.

Kosta Dionisopoulos has watched a wholesale produce company he co-founded in his
Silver Spring home establish a large warehouse in Washington that distributes
produce to regional hotels, restaurants, caterers and even the White House.

They are being recognized by a national business magazine.

Simon, 25, a Silver Spring native, recently was listed among the honorees in
Forbes's "30 Under 30" feature for social entrepreneurs. Dionisopoulos, 28, was
honored by Forbes's "30 Under 30" for food and drink.

The fourth annual feature recognizes 30 people under age 30 in 20 fields, which
also include consumer technology, finance, health care, retail, science, sports
and music.

Silver Spring high school graduates who have made previous lists include Rebecca
Sugar, creator of the Cartoon Network series "Steven Universe" and a Montgomery
Blair High School graduate. She was named to the "30 Under 30" entertainment
list two years ago.

Dionisopoulos, who graduated from John F. Kennedy High School in Silver Spring,
founded Delta Produce in 2009 with Christos Marafatsos to distribute produce
across the region. The company operates six days a week, having built
relationships with local and national farmers and suppliers.

"We work hard to deliver to our customers the best-quality products at the best
prices," said Dionisopoulos, who lives in Silver Spring.

Simon, who graduated from Blair in Silver Spring and lives in Riverdale Park,
Md., founded Food Recovery Network with University of Maryland classmates in
2011. The idea started by collecting unused prepared food from the college
dining hall and other places to deliver to local shelters and other
organizations.

It is now a national network of about 113 colleges and universities, leading to
the recovery of more than 600,000 pounds of food after Simon and others reached
out to campuses such as Brown University and the University of California at
Berkeley. The network's College Park headquarters employs 12 people.

"I had no idea it would grow so fast," said Simon, the nonprofit organization's
executive director.

An alliance with Gaithersburg-based Sodexo Foundation, which awarded the group
its first large grant in 2013, helped boost the national outreach of the Food
Recovery Network.

In elementary school, Simon started participating regularly in a walkathon for
the homeless. He volunteered with food drives at Blair through a group called
Students for Global Responsibility.

The network also works with food businesses, restaurants, football stadiums,
farmers and grocery stores to put produce that might be thrown away to good use.

The organization has a goal to increase the number of registered colleges to 150
by May and 500 by May 2018. Representatives are talking with large food
suppliers about getting involved.

Businesses and consumers in the United States threw away about 70 billion pounds
of food in 2012, the most recent year for which estimates are available,
according to the Environmental Protection Agency. That was about 20 percent more
food than was tossed out in 2000.

"There is a huge potential in food recovery to reduce hunger in America," Simon
said. "I want to help make food recovery a norm and not the exception."

kshay@gazette.net

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Montgomery South

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 8, 1988, Wednesday, Final Edition

U-Md. Marine Scientist Ian Morris Dies at Age 49

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B7; OBITUARIES

LENGTH: 912 words


Ian Morris, 49, director of the University of Maryland's Center for
Environmental and Estuarine Studies, died of a pulmonary embolism June 4 at
Lehigh Valley Hospital in Allentown, Pa. He was visiting relatives when he was
stricken.

Dr. Morris was an expert in the biochemistry of marine organisms and had done
extensive research on the biochemical mechanisms that affect marine plankton,
the tiny organisms that affect the oceanic food chain.

He had been director of the Center for Environmental and Estuarine Studies since
1981, and in that period had added marine scientists to the faculty and had
increased the number of research grants. The center was established in 1974 and
includes the Appalachian Environmental Laboratory at Frostburg, the Chesapeake
Biological Laboratory at Solomons and the Horn Point Environmental Laboratory
near Cambridge.

A resident of Cambridge, Dr. Morris was born in Wales. He graduated from
London's University College, where he received a doctorate in botany and served
on the faculty there from 1962 until 1974.

Before coming to the University of Maryland, he was senior research fellow at
Nova Oceanographic Laboratory in Florida, visiting professor and scientist at
the University of Massachusetts' Marine Station, director of research at the
Bigelow Laboratory for Ocean Sciences at West Boothbay, Maine, and associate
director of the marine program at the University of New Hampshire.

Survivors include his wife, Ann Morris of Cambridge; two daughters, Sara Morris
of Boston and Nicole Morris of Hunan Province, China; his parents, Mr. and Mrs.
William B. Morris of Gwent, Wales, and one sister, Jennifer Morris, also of
Gwent.

JOHN SHRADER DURST

Glazier


John Shrader Durst, 65, a retired glazier, died of cardiac arrest June 6 at the
Sylvan Manor Health Care Center in Silver Spring.

Mr. Durst, who lived in Laytonsville, was born in Rolling Fork, Miss. During
World War II, he served in the Marine Corps in the Pacific and participated in
combat at Bougainville, Guam and the Marianas. He was wounded three times.

He came to the Washington area after the war and attended Georgetown University
and the old Columbus University law school at night while working as a glazier
during the day.

From 1952 to 1961, he was a glazier in Arcadia, Calif., then returned to this
area and worked for several glass companies, including Pittsburgh Plate Glass
and Alto Glass in Lanham, before retiring in 1984.

Survivors include his wife, Marye Frances Durst, one daughter, Marye Gabrielle
Durst, and one son, Stephen D. Durst, all of Laytonsville; one sister, Mary
Edith Walker of Stoneville, Miss.; two brothers, Patrick Durst of Longview,
Tex., and Donald Durst of Delta City, Miss., and two grandchildren.

H. EARL DIFFENDERFER

AID Official


H. Earl Diffenderfer, 73, a retired official of the Agency for International
Development who also had operated his own landscape architecture business in
Arlington, died of a circulatory ailment June 6 at Fairfax Hospital. He lived in
Arlington.

He joined the State Department 1946 following Army service in World War II. From
1946 to 1957, he worked with the military occupation forces in the Ryukyu
Islands, becoming information and education director. He was instrumental in the
founding of the University of the Ryukyus.

He later joined the Agency for International Development, traveling to South
Korea and western Africa. When he retired in 1970, he was serving in Laos, where
he was AID area coordinator for the seven southern provinces.

Mr. Diffenderfer was a native of Kansas and a graduate of the University of the
Redlands. After retiring from AID, he studied landscape architecture at George
Mason University, then operated his own business until retiring a second time in
the early 1980s.

Survivors include his wife of 50 years, Hilda D. Diffenderfer, of Arlington; two
sons, Kenneth, of Solomons, Md., and William, of Charleston, S.C.; two
daughters, Deborah Grojean of Boulder, Colo., and Niccole Erickson of Balboa,
Panama; four grandchildren, and one great-grandchild.

JOHN FLOYD POWELL JR.

WGL Tax Official


John Floyd Powell Jr., 60, a retired manager of the tax department of the
Washington Gas Light Co., died June 5 at Suburban Hospital after a heart attack.
He lived in Laurel.

Mr. Powell was born in Washington and he graduated from Eastern High School. He
attended Benjamin Franklin University. He served in the Army from 1949 to 1950.
He joined Washington Gas Light in 1951 and retired in 1986.

He was a member of the American Gas Association and the Sportsmen's Club of
Greater Washington.

Survivors include his wife, Gloria Powell, and one daughter, Debra Connors, both
of Laurel; his mother, Mary L. Powell of Gaithersburg; one sister, June Cuneo of
Laurel, and two grandchildren.

EMILY A. GATES

Garden Club President


Emily A. Gates, 70, a former president of the Rock Springs Garden Club of
Arlington, died of congestive heart failure June 6 at Northern Virginia Doctors
Hospital.

Mrs. Gates, who lived in Falls Church, was born in Sidney, Ohio. She was a
graduate of Miami University of Ohio.

She moved to the Washington area in the 1940s.

She was a member of the Army-Navy Country Club.

Survivors include her husband, Edmond N. Gates of Falls Church; two sons,
Raymond A. Gates of Carmichael, Calif., and Air Force Lt. Col. David N. Gates of
Hawaii; one sister, Ruth Zimmerman of Chicago, and three grandchildren.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OBITUARY

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           January 06, 2007 Saturday

Deaths

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 1130 words


central illinois

Leslie V. Lehman

WAPELLA - Leslie V. Lehman, 58, Monticello, formerly of Wapella, died at 8:35
p.m. Wednesday (Jan. 3, 2007) at the Veterans Administration Hospital in
Danville.

Service: 10 a.m. Monday Mass of Christian burial at the Catholic chapel on the
grounds of the National Cemetery in Danville, with Father Joseph Ehweariri
officiating.

Burial: Danville National Cemetery, with military rites conducted by the
American Legion Post 219 of Danville. Edwards Funeral Home, Tuscola, is
assisting the family with arrangements.

Memorials: American Legion Post 101 of Monticello or to the Disabled American
Veterans.

Survivors: his wife, Phyllis A. McLaughlin Lehman, Monticello; two
grandchildren; his mother, Lucille Breese Lehman, Wapella; one brother, Larry
Lehman, Loda; and four sisters, Carolyn Pilkington, Kingman, Ariz.; Sharon
Mearida, Donna, Texas; Norma Staton, Wapella; and Sandra Knuth, Loda.

Richard A. Pollett

STREATOR - Richard A. Pollett, 82, of 802 N. Monroe St., Streator, died Tuesday
evening (Jan. 2, 2007) at Camelot Terrace, Streator.

Service: 2 p.m. Sunday at Winterrowd Funeral Home, Streator, with the Rev. Mark
Upchurch officiating.

Burial: Hillcrest Memorial Park, Streator.

Visitation: from 4 to 7 p.m. today at the funeral home.

Memorials: Central Church of Christ.

Survivors: wife, Ruth Pollett; two sons, Richard (Barbara) Pollett, Pontiac, and
Ronald (Karen) Pollett, Mohave Valley, Ariz.; four grandchildren; and 10
great-grandchildren.

bloomington-normal

Catherine Agge

BLOOMINGTON - Catherine Lucile Agge, 86, Arthur, mother of a Bloomington
resident, died at 9:24 a.m. Thursday (Jan. 4, 2007) at Carle Hospital in Urbana.

Her funeral will be at 11:30 a.m. Monday at the Arthur United Methodist Church,
128 E. Illinois St., Arthur, with the Rev. Michael Mayfield officiating. Burial
will follow in the Arthur Cemetery. Visitation will be held one hour prior to
the funeral service at the church. Shrader Funeral Home, 431 S. Vine St.,
Arthur, is in charge of arrangements.

Mrs. Agge was born July 10, 1920, in Moultrie County, the daughter of Nelson
Earl and Alta Jenne Powell. She married Edward W. "Bill" Agge on Oct. 20, 1946.

Survivors include her husband, Bill Agge, Arthur; two sons, Ronald (Marietta)
Agge, Bloomington, and Richard (Lisa) Agge, Sullivan; one brother, Duane
"Brownie" Powell, Arthur; one sister, Ruth (Glenn) Herz, Portland, Ore.; two
sisters-in-law, Bernice Powell, Atwood, and June Traxler, Arthur; five
grandchildren, Jennifer (James) Grant, Eureka; Heather (Jeremy) Schofield,
Edwardsville; Stephen Agge, Morris; Bryan (Caty) Agge, Fort Riley, Kan.; and
Beth Agge, St. Louis, Mo.; and two great-grandchildren, Connor and Collin Grant.

She was preceded in death by granddaughter, Katie Agge; brother, Merle Powell;
and sister-in-law, Jane Powell.

She had been employed by Brown Shoe Co. in Sullivan, Munitions Plant in
Illiopolis and as the collector for D&B Refuse. She was a member of the Arthur
United Methodist Church. She loved to make divinity, caramels and cinnamon rolls
for the church bazaar, and enjoyed sewing.

Memorials are suggested to the Arthur United Methodist Church.

Patricia Ann Meads

NORMAL - Patricia Ann Meads, 77, Normal, died at 1 a.m. Friday (Jan. 5, 2007) at
ManorCare Health Services, Normal.

Visitation will be from 12:30 to 2 p.m. Monday, with the funeral at 2 p.m. at
Kibler-Smith Memorial Home, Bloomington. Pastor Paul Hinzman will officiate.
Entombment will be at Park Hill Mausoleum, Bloomington.

Pat was born June 4, 1929, in Decatur, a daughter of George "Bob" and Pauline
Lallman Quillen. She married LaVerne R. Meads on March 19, 1950, in Decatur. He
preceded her in death on Jan.1, 1994.

Pat is survived by one son, Dick (Lucy) Meads, Bloomington; two daughters, Becky
(Jake) Jacobs, Lexington, and Cindy (Steve) Tarrant, Mahomet; eight
grandchildren, Jason (Kristy) McKay, Colfax; Kristie (Ron) Blakeney,
Bloomington; Amy Mandrell, Clinton; Misty (Thomas) Yount, Normal; Rich Meads,
Normal; Shane (Angela) Starkey, Bloomington; and Katelynn and Alie Tarrant, both
of Mahomet; and seven great-grandchildren, Dynese and Bradley Mandrell; Rebecca
and Anna Starkey; Erin Blakeney; Aislinn McKay; and Holden Yount.

She was a member of First Assembly of God, Normal.

In lieu of flowers, memorials may be sent to BroMenn Hospice Service, 1322 S,
Main, Normal, IL 61761, or the Lily Danner Fund for a little girl who lost her
mother to cancer at the age of 1, at Salt and Light Ministries, c/o Lily's Fund,
1512 W. Anthony Drive, Champaign, IL 61826-6299.

Thank you to the caring staff at Heritage Manor, Community Cancer Center and
BroMenn Hospital, who cared for her during her illness. Also, a special thank
you to the staff at ManorCare Nursing Home who watched over her with such
deep-felt kindness and compassion through her final days.

elsewhere

Scott Schmidt

CHAMPAIGN - Scott Douglas Schmidt, 45, Champaign, passed away at 10:31 a.m.
Tuesday (Jan. 2, 2007) at Barnes-Jewish Hospital, St. Louis, Mo.

His memorial service will be at 5 p.m. Monday at Morgan Memorial Home, 1304
Regency Drive West, Savoy, with the Rev. Glenn Corbly officiating. The family
will greet friends after the service until 8 p.m. at the funeral home for a life
celebration.

Mr. Schmidt was born May 22, 1961, in Normal. He was the son of Edward K.
Schmidt and Joyce C. Dewey. Surviving are his father and stepmother, Edward K.
and Matti Schmidt, Champaign; his mother, Joyce C. Dewey, Champaign; his son,
Garron Adam Guess, Jacksonville, N.C.; one brother, Michael (Carla) E. Schmidt,
Mahomet; one stepsister, Tanja Coon, Savannah, Ga.; four nephews, Joseph,
Matthew and Ben Schmidt, Champaign, and Ryan Cramer, Athens, Ga.; one niece,
Kaleigh Coon, Savannah, Ga.; and his dog, Kia.

Mr. Schmidt graduated from Centennial High School, Champaign. He earned his
degree in visual communications at Eastern Illinois University. He was vice
president in charge of marketing for SEOCO Inc., Champaign.

He attended St. John Lutheran Church, Champaign. He was a member of the Delta
Tau Delta social fraternity. He worked on the board of directors of the Leukemia
Foundation. He volunteered at the Crisis Nursery. He worked with several heart
and leukemia organizations in Chicago. He was a great artist who enjoyed
traveling.

In lieu of flowers, memorials can be made to the American Heart Association, 208
S. LaSalle St., Suite 900, Chicago, IL 60604; the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society,
Donor Services, P.O. Box 4072, Pittsfield, MA 01202; or the Crisis Nursery
Urbana-Champaign, 1309 W. Hill St., Urbana, IL 61801.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Pantagraph


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 9, 2007 Thursday
                              Correction Appended

Neighbors headlines

SECTION: GREENE COUNTY; Pg. Z4-4

LENGTH: 1159 words


Football team holds event to kick cancer

XENIA - After two Dayton Christian School System middle school students
developed childhood cancers, head coach Jamie Rice and the Warrior Football team
decided to hold the first annual Kick Off for Kids: Warriors vs. Cancer Day.

The day will begin at 8 a.m. Saturday to raise prayers, awareness and money for
Miami Valley children who are fighting cancer.

All proceeds from the day's events will benefit the Dayton Chapter of the
Candlelighters Childhood Cancer Foundation.

The events will be held at the Legacy Center, 1205 Whitefield Circle, and at the
Action Sports Complex fields, 651 Taylor Drive.

The day begins with a 5K Cross Country race for all ages, followed by a
half-mile kids fun run and a preschool football field dash.

Special guest speaker is Wendel Deyo, past Cincinnati Reds and Cincinnati
Bengals chaplain.

For more information on the non-profit Candlelighters, visit
www.candlelightersdayton.org.

For more information on the fundraiser, call Dayton Christian School at (937)
291-7201 or e-mail lmoore@dayton christian.com.

OSU alumni sponsor Student Send Off

FAIRBORN - The Ohio State University Alumni Club of Greene County is sponsoring
a Student Send Off from 2 to 4 p.m. Aug. 26 at Fairborn Community Park East's
Shelter No. 2, on Dayton-Yellow Springs Road.

The event is planned to give all new students who will be entering the
university this fall quarter the opportunity to meet each other and get their
questions answered by a panel of current students.

Parents can also attend to become acquainted with alumni leaders, students and
other parents from the local area.

Dress is casual OSU attire. There is a fee; however, advance reservations are
needed by Aug. 21. To make a reservation, contact John or Cindy Feltz at
jfeltz@aol.com or by calling (937) 878-2895.

For information about scholarship applications for 2008, call Christi Guillmen
at (937) 426-3721.

Groundbreaking held for Samara addition

FAIRBORN - A groundbreaking for the Summit at Park Hills Assisted Living
Community's new addition in Fairborn was held June 26.

The addition is the Samara memory care wing. Samara will be dedicated to
residents with Alzheimer's Disease and memory issues.

Vacation Bible school begins Friday

XENIA - FLIPT, a vacation Bible school, is going on through Friday at First
Church of Christ, 441 Ledbetter Road.

The program is designed for children in grades kindergarten through five. A
preschool vacation Bible school is going on at the same time for 3- and
4-year-olds.

More information about the FLIPT is available by calling (937) 372-7687.

Delta flies 120 kids to Air Force museum

WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE - Delta Air Lines' eighth annual Dream Flight,
with the Organization of Black American Pilots, recently flew 120 students on
the airline's signature Hank Aaron Boeing 757 to the National Museum of the
United States Air Force.

Each year, Delta provides transportation to aviation facilities around the
country to local Atlanta youth with interest in aviation careers.

Cyclist to ride 100 miles for charity

XENIA - Trent Fisher, president of SAS Automation, is on The Leukemia and
Lymphona Society's Team in Training to ride his bicycle 100 miles as a
fundraiser.

The team will ride the Hancock Horizontal Hundred on Sept. 9 in Findlay to raise
funds to help stop leukemia, lymphoma, Hodgkin lymphoma and myeloma.

Those interested in making a donation to support the endeavor, visit
www.active.com/ donate/tntsoh/TrentFisher. Deadline is Aug. 10.

Receptionist volunteers needed

XENIA - The Xenia Adult Recreation and Services Center, 130 E. Church St., is
seeking new volunteers to become office receptionists.

The job would be "on-call" when an office worker is unable to come in. Office
experience is helpful, but not mandatory. For more information, call the
center's secretary at (937) 376-4353.

WYSO Miniature Golf Tournament

YELLOW SPRINGS - The second annual WYSO Open Miniature Golf Tournament will be
from 6 to 9 p.m. today at Young's Jersey Dairy, 6880 Springfield-Xenia Road in
Miami Twp.

Cost is $12 day of event if space is available. For more information, visit
www.wyso.org.

Greene County Relay for Life Aug. 17-18

XENIA - The first Relay For Life of Greene County will be Aug. 17-18 at Shawnee
Park, North Park Drive.

Opening ceremonies and a survivor lap will be at 5:30 p.m.

Cancer survivors should contact Survivorship Chair Kelly Lovell at
klovell@amfam.com to make a reservation for the Survivor's Ceremony.

For more information or to get involved with the Relay For Life of Greene
County, contact event coordinator Brendan Epps at (213) 235-6991 or at
fantastic_79@hotmail.com or call the American Cancer Society at (888) 227-6446.

Program designed for diabetics, family

XENIA - Dining with Diabetes, a program designed for people with diabetes and
their family members, will be from 6-8 p.m. Sept. 10, 17 and 24 in the OSU
Extension Office, 100 Fairground Road.

The class includes learning about appropriate food choices from a certified
diabetes educator, preparation of diabetic-friendly fare, and tasting of healthy
foods. A physician referral is not necessary.

Registration is required and the cost is $50 per family, which includes food,
multiple handouts and a diabetic foods cookbook.

For more information or to register, call Brenda Sandman-Stover at (937)
372-9971.

Seniors collecting school supplies

SPRING VALLEY - For the 4th year, the Spring Valley Senior Citizens Center, 1498
W. Spring Valley-Paintersville Road, will be collecting school supplies for the
Miami Valley Council for Native Americans.

This year's drive is dedicated to the late Marilyn George.

With very few employment opportunities available on the reservations, with
distant and scattered communities involved, and the lack of reliable
transportation, many reservation children cannot afford school supplies on the
reservations at Crow Creek, Cheyenne River and Standing Rock Indian Reservations
in South Dakota.

Until Aug. 24, school supplies can be dropped off at the Center, from 9 a.m. to
4 p.m. Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays.

For more information, call (937) 862-4475.

Church accepts new Life Missions Pastor

XENIA - Xenia's First Church of Christ associate minister David Damron has
accepted a position as Life Missions Pastor at Heritage Christian Church in
Fayetteville, Ga., where he will direct world outreach missions.

The Damron family has served First Church of Christ for more than 10 years.
Their last day of service will be Sunday. Pastor Damron will preach at the 10:30
a.m. gathering.

In the afternoon, from 2 to 5 p.m., the Damrons and the Mission Team will pack
World Vision Caregiver Kits that will be shipped to Africa to help assist with
the AIDS epidemics. At 6 p.m., there will be a planned program of reflection,
fellowship and food. A money tree will be available that evening for those
wishing to provide a monetary gift to show their appreciation for the Damrons'
years of ministry.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 11, 2007



CORRECTION: In Thursday's Greene County Neighbors edition, page N4, Neighbors
headlines, "OSU alumni sponsor Student Send Off" should have said the event is
free. Reservations are still required by Aug. 21.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                            March 29, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Austere budget puts Highway 7 project even further down the road

BYLINE: Kevin Swayze, News services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 516  words

DATELINE: KITCHENER


Ontario's "pretty significant financial straits" means commuters and businesses
must wait for a Highway 7 expressway between Kitchener and Guelph, a provincial
cabinet minister says.

Kitchener-Centre MPP and Liberal Government house leader John Milloy says he
continues pushing for the $300-million project at Queen's Park. But he made no
promises about when it would happen when quizzed during a breakfast meeting of
the Greater Kitchener Waterloo Chamber of Commerce.

"One of the things this chamber and this community have been asking (about) for
30 years is that highway between Kitchener and Guelph," said Bill Green, a local
land use planner.

"Are we going to have to wait another 30 years?"

Milloy said Highway 7 expansion "has been a high priority for us" but didn't
directly answer the question.

In 2007, the Liberal government announced that construction of a four-lane
highway north of the existing route could begin as early as 2010 and be finished
by 2014. But the project never put shovel to earth.

The government has $35 billion set aside for road and infrastructure projects in
the budget over next three years, but a $15.3-billion budget deficit means some
projects are delayed, Milloy said.

"We are going to have highway plans over the next number of years. I'm going to
continue advocating for Highway 7," Milloy said.

"I've got to stand here and be candid. Part of the fiscal situation means
government, in a whole variety of areas, has to move a lot slower than it wants
to."

In May, the Kitchener, Cambridge and Guelph chambers of commerce will present a
Highway 7 motion at the provincial chamber general meeting in St. Catharines.
The motion calls on the province to build it to help the growing local economy -
and by extension, the Ontario economy.

"This is a significant growth area, Guelph and Waterloo Region," said Art
Sinclair, vice president of government relations at the Kitchener chamber.

The Kitchener chamber's 2008 motion to fix inequities in the province's
underserviced areas grant program for doctors was adopted by the Liberals,
Sinclair said. Now, all urban areas play by the same rules, he said. The chamber
is also part of a push by local municipalities to convince the province to
overhaul its arbitration rules. There's no taking into account the ability of
cities and towns to pay arbitrator-imposed wage hikes for firefighters and
police officers, Sinclair said.

Milloy was at the chamber meeting at the Delta Hotel to talk about the 2012
provincial budget, released Tuesday. Part of the government's plan to control
public-service wages includes new rules for arbitrators. They will now have to
give written decisions about wage decisions, and make those decisions within a
year.

Sinclair said: "It's a start. They're starting to address it."

Milloy was also asked about health care funding, changes to the pension plans of
provincial workers and how to deal with "structural problems" in the economy.

Everyone is expected to do their "bit of the share" to help balance the
province's books. "It's a tough budget ... it's going to be a lean five years,"
Milloy said.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             March 3, 2005 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

BOARDING SOON, DAILY FLIGHTS TO D.C.;
GOVERNMENTAL, BUSINESS LINKS BETWEEN THE TWO CAPITALS LURE NORTHWEST TO OFFER
NONSTOP SERVICE.

BYLINE: Marv Balousek Wisconsin State Journal

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 443 words


Northwest Airlines will begin daily nonstop service between Madison and
Washington, D.C., on June 9.

The flights, operated by Northwest's regional partner Pinnacle Airlines using
44- or 50-passenger regional jets, will be Northwest's first service in recent
years between Madison and a nonhub city. Northwest offers 13 daily flights
between the Dane County Regional Airport in Madison and its hub cities of
Detroit, Denver and Minneapolis-St. Paul.

Major airlines use a hub-and-spoke system in which smaller airports feed larger
ones, where passengers can change planes for many destinations.

Passengers flying to Washington, D.C., on Northwest now must fly first to one of
the three hub cities and change planes. About 120 people fly daily from Madison
to one of the Washington's three area airports, including 65 to Reagan National
Airport, according to U.S. Department of Transportation data.

The Washington, D.C., flights are scheduled to arrive in Madison from Reagan
National Airport at 1:25 p.m. and to depart Madison for Washington at 2:05 p.m..

Northwest will receive a $60,000 grant from the county to help market the new
service, and landing fees on the Washington flights at the Dane County airport
will be waived for six months, a benefit of roughly $12,000.

Tickets go on sale Saturday for the new service at travel agencies, by telephone
at 800-225-2525 or on the Internet at www.nwa.com. Passengers holding tickets on
connections between Madison and Washington after June 9 can exchange their
tickets until March 31 for the new service.

Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk said Washington, D.C., was the top-ranked
destination in a survey of Madison airport users.

Besides the obvious relation between state and federal governments, the flights
make sense because of other links, such as those between Madison health-care
businesses and the National Institutes of Health and between technology
businesses in Madison and Maryland.

Robert Isom, the airline's senior vice president of customer service, said
adding the nonstop flights is a risk for Northwest, partly because of limits on
air traffic at Reagan National Airport.

"We really look forward to this flight being a tremendous success," he said.

Isom said more point-to-point service between Madison and other cities may be
possible if the Washington flights succeed.

"Getting this to work is a big deal," he said. "If it works, that obviously
leads you to look at additional options."

Airport director Brad Livingston said the Dane County airport is fortunate to
get nonstop service to Washington, D.C.

"There are very few markets this size in the nation that have nonstop service to
D.C.," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Contact reporter Marv Balousek at mbalousek@madison.com or 252-6135.

GRAPHIC: Photo of Robert Isom

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                               November 21, 1994

PEOPLE

SECTION: People; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 864 words


Gary Swinney has been named loan officer and Debby Dare has been named manager
at MCA Mortgage Corp. in Taylor. Swinney had been a loan officer and Dare had
been area manager for Independence One Mortgage Corp. in Lincoln Park.

Sherri Mewha has been promoted to regional vice president of sales for the
central region of Equifax Credit Information Services in Southfield. She had
been strategic client executive.

Randolph Richardson has joined  Grant Thornton as manager in the
management-consulting department. He had been a consultant with General Motors
Corp. in Detroit.

HEALTH CARE

Joseph Gordon has been named CEO at Great Lakes Rehabilitation Hospital in
Southfield. He had been administrator of Vencor Hospital in Lincoln Park.

Derek Freund has been named director of worker's compensation/personal injury
protection at Preferred Provider Organization of Michigan in Southfield. He had
been director of provider relations for worker's compensation.

Debora has been appointed director of mission integration at St. Joseph's Mercy
of Macomb in Clinton Township. She had been program director at Insight Recovery
Center in Troy.

HOSPITALITY

Michael Collins has been named general manager of the Pontchartrain Hotel in
Detroit. He had been general manager of the Hyatt on Printers Row in Chicago.

Barbara Lipkowitz has been named executive director of Springhouse Assisted
Living in Southfield. She had been executive director at Delta Retirement Center
in Lansing.

INDUSTRY GROUPS

Dick Kuschinsky, director of education of the Academy of Health Careers Inc. in
Madison Heights, has been elected to the board of directors of United
Condominium Owners of Michigan.

Alan Harnisch, an attorney with Harnisch & Associates P.C. in Bingham Farms, has
been appointed national president of the Washington, D.C.-based Federal Bar
Association.

INFO TECHNOLOGY

Briggs & Stratton Technologies has appointed William Fraenig account manager and
Shad Jafry Ford Motor account manager in the Detroit office.  Fraenig had been
program manager with TRW Automotive Steering & Suspension Systems in Sterling
Heights. Jafry had been sales engineer for Silvatrim Corp. of America in
Bloomfield Township.

INSURANCE

James Neighbors has been promoted to Detroit manager at Transamerica Title
Insurance Co. in Livonia. He had been assistant Detroit manager.

LAW

Donna Kerry has been named human resource manager with Plunkett & Cooney in
Detroit. She had been human resource coordinator-supervisor at Roney & Co. in
Detroit.

MANUFACTURING

The Plymouth office of Red Spot Paint & Varnish Co. Inc. has promoted Jerry
Brown to interior marketing manager, Tom Hughes to Ford Motor marketing manager,
and Kevin Wylie to General Motors marketing manager. Brown had been Ford
marketing manager. Hughes had been General Motors marketing manager.  Wylie had
been a sales representative.

MARKETING/MEDIA

James Small has been named president and COO of The Quarton Group in Troy.  He
had been senior vice president.

Gail Dippong has been named production manager at W.B. Doner & Co. in Detroit.
She had been production manager with Stone, August, Baker Communications in
Troy.

NONPROFITS

Dr. Louis Prues has been named director of program development for Lutheran
Social Services of Michigan in Detroit. He had been director of market research
and analysis for the Talon  in Detroit.

REAL ESTATE

Susan Weeks has been promoted district manager, metropolitan Detroit at  PM
Realty Group in Bloomfield Hills. She had been senior property manager.

SERVICES

Ray Greimel has been appointed executive director of the special project
''Marketing the Medium'' for the Troy-based Yellow Pages Publishers Association.
He is also senior director, national segment for Ameritech in Troy.

SUPPLIERS

Jane Riepen has been named corporate controller of Talon Automotive Group in
Royal Oak. She had been division controller for Kelsey-Hayes ABS in Livonia.

OTHER NEWS

Thomas Buser, general manager of construction at Troy-based Kmart Corp., and
Dennis O'Connell, senior attorney for Detroit-based Michigan Consolidated Gas
Co., have been elected trustees of  Lawrence Technological University in
Southfield.

Rita Scaggs has been appointed president of the Renaissance Community Group Inc.
in Detroit. She is also property supervisor with The Fourmidable in Farmington
Hills.

Tina Czamota has been promoted to sales manager at the Metro Trading Association
in Troy. She had been a sales representative.

The Macomb County Bar Association has named the following to the board of
directors: Frank Charbonneau, Sarah Anne Milliman, Denise Langford Morris,
Pamella Rae Szydlak, Dana Warnez, Matthew Stephen Weaver, April Denise Williams.

Walbridge Aldinger Co. in Detroit has named Kenneth Seeman chief estimator, Lyle
Forgy senior estimator and Mary Mosey director of business
development-automotive services. Seeman had been vice president-contract
negotiations and Forgy had been vice president-project management at Universal
Medical Buildings in Milwaukee. Mosey had been vice president-owner at Doshi &
Associates in Troy.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1994 Crain Communications Inc.


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 18, 2010 Sunday

Name Dropping, July 18: For these county students, volunteerism pays

BYLINE: Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 766 words


July 18--The Pteron Society, a philanthropic organization operated through the
Dominican Hospital Foundation, recently awarded $7,000 in scholarships to 16
local students involved in volunteerism. The teens each demonstrated academic
merit and an intent to pursue health care careers.

Scholarship recipients were Ryan Peabody of Aptos High School; Katherine
Stubblefield of Cypress Charter High School; Angel Landa Jr. of Delta Charter
High School at Cabrillo College; Imani Latif of Georgiana Bruce Kirby Prepatory
School; Jessica Wong of Harbor High School; Maureen Mendoza of Monte Vista
Christian High School; Danielle Nobuhara of Monterey Bay Academy; Lara Tromba of
Pacific Collegiate School; Adrian Ponce-Rojas of Pajaro Valley High School; Lea
Marguerite Fisher of San Lorenzo Valley High School; Amanda Nie of St. Francis
Catholic High; Chelsea Keane and Anna Danielson, both of Scotts Valley High
School; Carly Bagnall of Santa Cruz High School; Liza Luchkovska of Soquel High
School; and Yadira Raya of Watsonville High School.

Carmel Airwaves Host Santa Cruz Musician

Santa Cruz harmonica player Rey Rio brought his band to a Carmel radio station
recently. Rio and the Bluest Ones enjoyed airtime on KRML 1410 AM and 94.7 FM.

care-facility directors Honored

The Family Service Agency of the Central Coast hosted a dinner this month at
Seacliff Inn to recognize the work behind I-You Venture and Ageless Art Project.

Activity directors of local care

facilities were honored for their continuing work with volunteers, who are
placed in facilities throughout Santa Cruz County and help with activities
ranging from group art projects to one-on-one visits. For information or to
volunteer, call 459-8917, ext. 205.

Awards and Honors

Army Reserve Spec. Andrew Analla, the son of Michael Analla of Santa Cruz, has
returned from deployment in Iraq. He is a psychological operations specialist
with seven years of military service, and he was serving with Operation Iraqi
Freedom.

Anthony Swagerty Dei Rossi, a graduate of Soquel High School, was awarded a
bachelor's May 1 from the California Maritime Academy. The same day, the new
marine engineer received his officer's commissioning from the U.S. Coast Guard.
He will be stationed in Seattle. Swagerty is the son of Lydia Swagerty and Ivan
Dei Rossi.

Tabitha Richelle Mahoney of Aptos received a bachelor's in biology from Knox
College in Galesburg, Ill.

Coleen Pacurario has entered basic cadet training at the U.S. Air Force Academy
in Colorado Springs, Colo., and will enter her first academic year at the
academy. She is a 2010 graduate of Monte Vista Christian School and the daughter
of Monique and Calin Pacurario of Los Gatos.

UC Santa Barbara has named its dean's list students for spring 2010. The honor
was given to several locals, including Monica Cadenasso, Jenny Hoffseth and
Stephanie Murphy, all of Aptos; Betsy Simonson and Christopher Straubinger, both
of Boulder Creek; Kaila Hoppe of Capitola; Scarlett Sheldon of Felton; Adra
Bowman, Jack Cowden, Maya Frota, Fern Lightfoot, Michael Love and Kylie
Woodhead, all of Santa Cruz; John Koopman and Jason Stokes, both of Scotts
Valley; Jazmin Aguilera, Kelden Cayton, Idan Enright and Sydney Nieminen, all of
Soquel; and David Decher of Watsonville.

The Cabrillo Lions Club of Aptos recently awarded scholarships to graduating
seniors at Soquel High School. Fil Munoz, the club's chairman, presented
scholarships to Christopher Carpenter, Emilee Mullin, Caitlin McConnell, Lindsay
Meyer and Hannah Rogers.

Berkley Brannon of Aptos received a $1,000 Kohl's Kids Who Care regional
scholarship. From a group of 27,000 nominees, Brannon was one of 200 to receive
the award. The 11-year-old was recognized for helping develop an after-school
program for children, raising money and soliciting donations for Haiti relief
efforts and connecting with peers at local shelters.

Got a story to tell, an event to report, an award to announce? Name Dropping
runs every Sunday. Write to Name Dropping, Santa Cruz Sentinel, 1800 Green Hills
Road, Suite 210, Scotts Valley, CA 95066; fax to 429-9620; or e-mail
namedropping@santacruzsentinel.com

To see more of The Santa Cruz Sentinel or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.santacruzsentinel.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Santa Cruz Sentinel,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@
mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1
312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100718-QC-Name-Dropping-July-18-For-these-county-students-volunteerism-pays-20
100718

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2010 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           September 20, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Hurricane Katrina Disaster Relief

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 2183  words


How to Help TO DONATE BLOODAmerican Red Cross: To donate blood, visit the
Daytona Donation Center, 341 White St., from 7:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m.
Thursdays-Saturdays and noon to 7 p.m. Mondays-Wednesdays; New Smyrna Beach
location, Thursday from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at Riverside National Bank, 1811 State
Road 44, New Smyrna Beach (386) 428-3926. To donate money, mail a check to
American Red Cross, Hurricane Relief Fund, P.O. Box 97089, Washington, D.C.
20090-7089. Please indicate where the funds should be directed to in the For
section. (386) 226-1400.Florida Blood Centers: To donate blood: 1440 Nova Road,
Suite 204, Holly Hill, Monday and Wednesday from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m., Tuesday and
Thursday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., and Friday from 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. (386) 258-1910;
or at 1730 S. Woodland Blvd., DeLand, Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 9 a.m.
to 5 p.m. and Tuesday and Thursday from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. (386) 734-4447. TO
GIVEUnited Way Hurricane Katrina Response Fund: Make checks to United Way of
America with Hurricane Katrina Fund in the memo line to: United Way of America,
P.O. Box 630568, Baltimore, MD 21263-0568, or call, (800) 272-4630.Central
Conference of the African Methodist Episcopal Church: The Rev. Vincent F.
Mitchell is sponsoring this A.M.E. hurricane disaster relief project with 81
churches with 11 counties participating. The local drop-off is at 580 George W.
Engram Blvd., Daytona Beach. The event will take place Wednesday through Friday
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Info: (386) 255-1195 for a list of items to bring.City of
Palm Coast: Make checks payable to City of Palm Coast Katrina Relief Fund and
present to Cypress Coquina Bank, 21 Cypress Point Parkway, Palm Coast or at any
Palm Coast City office.

Contributions may be charged on a credit card at the City Hall cashiers office,
2 Commerce Blvd., Palm Coast, or by sending an e- mail to Ray Britt at
rbritt@ci.palm-coast.fl.us The e-mail should include the name on the account,
the billing address, account number, expiration date and the amount of the
contribution.Craigs Eyewear: Collections are being made at Craigs Eyewear, 50
Cypress Point Parkway, Palm Coast. Donations will be forwarded to Second Harvest
Food Bank, 320 North St., Daytona Beach. Info: (386) 446- 2020.Edgewater Self
Storage: Has space available for storing and sorting supplies for anyone or any
organization collecting supplies for Katrina victims. (386) 427-3999.Flagler
County Chamber of Commerce: Accepting donations at 20 Airport Road, Bunnell.
Call (386) 437-0106.Flagler Palm Coast High School Key Club: Collecting school
supplies for the Baton Rouge, La., school district. Flagler County schools are
adopting the Baton Rouge district that has been flooded with pupils from
affected areas.Florida Health Care Plan: Drop off canned goods, blankets,
clothes, toiletry items, and new socks and underwear. 21 Florida Park Drive,
Palm Coast. Call (386) 446- 9802.Jewish Federation of Volusia & Flagler
Counties: Money is being accepted from 7:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. weekdays at 470
Andalusia Ave., Ormond Beach, FL 32174. (386) 672-0294.New Smyrna Beach Board of
Realtors: Collecting items for Katrina evacuees and for people responding in
search-and-rescue missions. Drop off at any local real estate office.Ormond
Beach Police Department: A collection is being taken for officers working to
restore communities devastated by Hurricane Katrina. Collections are from 8 a.m.
to 5 p.m. at The Ormond Beach Police Department, 170 W. Granada Blvd., Ormond
Beach, FL 32170 or the Ormond Beach Police Athletic League, 194 Central Ave.,
Ormond Beach, FL 32170. Info: (386) 676-3526 or (386) 676- 3505.Palm Coast
Furniture: 1 Industry Drive in Palm Coast is a drop- off site for
VolunteerFlorida.org. They are accepting nonperishable food, hygiene products,
baby products and clothes. Call (386) 447- 1820.Salvation Army: Monetary
donations may be made from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. weekdays at 1555 LPGA Blvd.,
Daytona Beach, FL 32117. (386) 236-2020.Silly Willies: Collecting items for
abandoned pets. Donations and monetary donations will go to the Humane Society
of the United States. Location: 221 Flagler Ave., New Smyrna Beach.The Make
It-Take Program: The Make It-Take It program of Adult Education, Flagler County
Schools, The Disabled American Veterans, The Marine Corps League and The
Institute for the Study of Digital Inclusion are collecting used computers to
donate to victims of Hurricane Katrina and affected school districts in the
Baton Rouge area. The machines will be shipped to help the Baton Rouge school
district. Computers may be dropped off at The DAV, 6th Street South, Flagler
Beach, between 9 a.m. and noon, Monday through Friday. If possible, please clean
personal information from the computers. If you wish this to be done for you,
notify either Veronica Maggs at Adult Ed, (386) 446- 7612 or Finley Hall at the
DAV, (386) 439-2122 or the Marine Corps League at (386) 586-0276.Palm Coast
Abstract and Title: Clean, folded clothing and shoes. Drop off at 19 Old Kings
Road North. Call John Reardon at (386) 445-0820.Palm Coast-Flagler County
Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc.: Make contributions payable
to Delta Research and Educational Foundation, earmarked for DSTS Hurricane
Katrina Relief Fund. Mail to Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc., Palm Coast-Flagler
County A.C., P.O. Box 352835, Palm Coast, FL 32135-2835. For more information,
call Margaret Dodson-Hatcher, chapter president, (386) 517-7002.Finnegans Pub
and The Boot Hill Saloon: Have coordinated efforts to collect items for donation
to Hurricane Katrina victims. Drop off at Finnegans, 101 N. State Road A1A,
Flagler Beach or Finnegans, 3121 S. Ridgewood Ave., South Daytona, or The Boot
Hill, 1081 N. U.S. 1, Ormond Beach, or The Boot Hill, 310 Main St., Daytona
Beach. For pick up, call (386) 439-7755 or (386) 931-7403. Monetary donations
may be made to the Salvation Army.Frappes North: On Oct. 5, Frappes North
restaurant, 123 W. Granada Blvd., Ormond Beach, in conjunction with the Red
Cross will be participating in Dine for America. All profits for the entire day
will be donated to Hurricane Katrina victims. Monetary donations also are being
accepted during business hours. (386) 615- 4888.Professional Caddies
Association-Michael Bolton-World Mentorship Program: Sponsoring the Flagler
County effort for the Gulf Coast victims. Purchase Sams Club or Wal-Mart gift
cards and mail them to Mission Harvest, P.O. Box 551065, Jacksonville, FL
32255-1065. Call (904) 356-4819. Use Paypal.com to make donations to
missionh@bellsouth.net For more information, long on to http://
missionlogistics.org/.United Ways First Call for Help: To find other local
organizations seeking donations, call (386) 253-0563 or (877) 253-9010. FOR
PETSPetsMart: PetsMart Charities has organized a nationwide hurricane relief
effort for injured, lost or abandoned pets. Make tax-deductible donations at,
1900 W. International Speedway Blvd., Daytona Beach; or online at:
www.petsmartcharities.org. (386) 254-7555.Pawrrific Pets: 4882 Palm Coast
Parkway N.W. in Palm Coast is accepting donations on behalf of The American
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals to assist with the many
displaced animals affected by Hurricane Katrina. Call (386) 445-2556. Help Lines
FEMA: (800) 621-3362 or www.fema.gov .Red Cross: (800) 435-7669 or local (386)
226-1400. Location to register for aid is on White Street in Daytona Beach.EBT
Cards: Louisiana State Office (866) 344-8304; Mississippi (866) 449-9488; and
Alabama(800) 997-8868.Employment: Workforce Development One Stop Career (386)
740-3266 or www.jobsearch.org/katrinajobs .Family Life Center: A grant has been
given to this organization for victims of hurricanes, Jeanne, Frances, Ivan and
Katrina. Individuals can ask for assistance in rent, utilities, relocation and
temporary housing. Also offering Crisis Counseling in Volusia and Flagler
counties and emergency shelter for victims of domestic/sexual violence. Address:
P.O. Box 2058, Bunnell, FL 32110; or (386) 437-7610; Hotlines: (386) 437-3505 or
(800) 500-1119.Find Loved Ones: www.redcross.org or (877)- 568-3317.Find Pets:
www.petfinder.org .Flagler Volunteer Services: The nonprofit agency needs to
know who the families already here are; needs temporary housing such as hotels
or rentals willing to waive multiple month deposits; household items there may
be a need for cars; employment opportunities; money for deposits to turn on
utilities; persons with trucks willing to haul; dedicated and skilled
individuals willing to coordinate this project. Call (386) 439-7449 or e-mail
flaglerrsvp@yahoo.com.Goodwill: A location for clothing, 1577 N. Nova Road,
Holly Hill, FL 32117.Housing: www.hurricanehousing.org or www.shareyourhome.org
.State of Florida Department of Children and Families: Hurricane Katrina
evacuees who received food stamp benefits in their home states can now access
food stamps for hot food in all 67 counties throughout Florida. (866) 762-
2237.St. Johns Community Action: (386) 437-0392.Unemployment Filing: Florida
(866) 352-2345; Alabama (866) 234-5382; Louisiana (800) 818- 7811 or
www.laworks.net ; and Mississippi (800) 204-2418.United Way: For long distance
disaster missing family members call (888) 363- 2769 or (847) 709-6700. Florida
Department of Children and Families
http://www.dcf.state.fl.us/homelessness/tanf.shtmlVolusia and Flagler County
Health: Volusia County www.volusiahealth.com or http:// www.myflorida.com (386)
274-0831, Volusia County Health Department, 1845 Holsonback Drive, Daytona
Beach, FL 32114; Flagler County Department of Health (386) 437-7350; Medical
Assistance Flagler County (386) 586-2324; or Medicaid Provider Flagler Beach
Pharmacy (386) 439-4882.Volusia County Health Department: Health care hotline,
(866) 300-2657, www.volusiahealth.com, or www.myflorida.com. Events to Attend
THIS MONTHBlood Drive: In conjunction with the Red Cross, Bodez by Tasso & Co.
health club, 1140 W. Granada Blvd., Ormond Beach, will set up a blood donor
station in its parking lot from 4 to 7 p.m. Friday and 8 a.m. to noon, Saturday.
Clothes, canned goods and other nonperishables may be dropped off at Bodez and
also to St. Demetrios Greek Orthodox Church, 129 N. Halifax Ave., Daytona
Beach.I Dig DeLand: Jazz Concert for Hurricane Relief featuring Thom Chambers
Quartet and guests the DeLand Middle and High schools marching bands. The event
is Sunday at 3 p.m. at the DeLand Middle School Auditorium, 1400 S. Aquarius
Ave., DeLand. Donations will be accepted at the door. (386) 734-4097.Loveces
Italian Restaurant: A benefit Pasta for People to aid Katrina victims will take
place Monday from noon to 6 p.m. at 1064 Ocean Shore Blvd., Ormond-by-the-Sea.
The cost is $10 and will consist of spaghetti, garlic bread and soft drink or
wine. Proceeds will go to the Red Cross. (386) 441-3777.Port Orange Family Days:
Collections of supplies and monetary donations will be accepted for the relief
effort in the Long Beach area of Mississippi. Make tax- deductible donations to
the Port Orange Community Trust, 5656 Isabelle Ave., Suite 12, Port Orange, FL
32127 and all donations will go to provide assistance to citizens of Long Beach.
Nonperishables may be brought to Family Days at the City Center from Sept. 29 to
Oct. 2. Thursday and Friday contributions may be dropped off at the City Centers
Amphitheater. Saturday and Sunday tents will be set up at the main entrances.
Info: (386) 566-4109. NEXT MONTHLegends in Concert: Oct. 1, 1 p.m. benefit
concert for the victims of Hurricane Katrina. The show will feature
impersonators from Flagler County. Donations will be collected. A blood drive
will be in operation from noon until 5 p.m. St. Mark by the Sea Lutheran Church,
303 Palm Coast Parkway North East. For information, call (386) 445-3420.[JGa:
time?: ]Dancing with the Stars: Hurricane Katrina fundraising dance presented by
Palm Coast Dance Club; event on Oct. 2 features ballroom, swing and Latin music;
5-6 p.m. dance workshop and pre- dance social; 6 p.m. dance, Veterans of Foreign
Wars Post 8696, 47 Old Kings Road, Palm Coast. $15; reservations required. (386)
439- 4569.Palm Coast Dance Club: Oct. 2 event Dancing with the Stars hurricane
relief fundraiser. Formal to semi-formal. Ballroom/Swing/ Latin music. Free
dance workshop and pre-dance social, 5 to 6 p.m. Country Two-Step instructed by
Marilyn and Bill Helman. Dancing begins at 6 p.m. Members and guests $15 each.
Hors Doeuvres. Cash bar. Reservations required. Call David and Peggy Stacy,
(386) 439- 4569 or email pstacy48@yahoo.com Palm Coast VFW, 47 Old Kings Road
North, Palm Coast.*NOTE: Beware of any spam or unsolicited e-mails asking for
contributions, Social Security numbers, credit cards or other personal
information. In a phishing scam, e-mails may link to another Web site that looks
similar to legitimate charity sites. More donation tips are available at
http://www.give.org/news/ disaster_tips.asp.For a complete list of donor sites
and local fundraising events, visit: www.news-journalonline.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2005 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2005 News-Journal Corporation


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          December 10, 1992, Thursday

PEOPLE IN THE NEWS Cub Scout pack donates toys

SECTION: EXTRA; Section H; Page 12

LENGTH: 874 words


ALPHARETTA: Cub Scout Pack 449, which meets at Barnwell Elementary, has donated
more than $ 400 in toys to North Fulton Community Charities, according to Scout
committee chairman Paul Pendley. While the charitable organization tries to
match needy families with sponsors, there aren't enough sponsors to fill the
need. "That's where donations like these come in," said Barbara Duffy of the
charity group. Last year the group provided 178 unsponsored area families with
toys and a Christmas Eve dinner.

ROSWELL: Nature center receives computer from IBM. The Chattahoochee Nature
Center recently received a $ 3,500 personal computer from IBM through the
company's Funds for Community Service program. The new computer will enable
volunteers at the center to establish a database of area schools and the heads
of their science departments, making it easier to let schools know about the
center's educational facilities. Instrumental in the gift was Rod Hovater,
Southeastern branch manager of IBM's EduQuest Co. and a member of the nature
center's board. The nature center recently bought 27 adjoining acres. "Because
we have the only facility of its kind in the South, we need the room to grow so
that we can reach schools beyond the Atlanta metro area," said Karen Menton, the
center's director of development. "The only way we can become a world- class
facility is to establish a firm foundation with technology, and that's where IBM
comes in," she said.

ALPHARETTA: Eye Bank honors lieutenant governor. Y.T. Abernathy of Alpharetta
(above, left), president of the Georgia Eye Bank, recently presented Lt. Gov.
Pierre Howard with the Person of Vision Award for his support of the Medical
Examiners/Coroners Law, which permits cornea removal in certain cases for
transplant purposes. The legislation has been especially instrumental in making
corneal tissue available for surgical transplant in infants and children.
Eight-year-old corneal recipient Angela Sauder represented all the young people
receiving sight- restoring eye tissue during the presentation.

ROSWELL: GSU's Hackler named to "Who's Who." Shannon Hackler, a senior at
Georgia State University, has been named to "Who's Who in American Colleges and
Universities." A dean's list student and a member of Alpha Xi Delta sorority,
Ms. Hackler was recently selected to serve as a hostess of the Peach Bowl. She
is the daughter of Michael and Melissa Goodall of Roswell.

ROSWELL: Chamber taps Mullins as development VP. Maria Mullins has been named
executive vice president of economic development for the Greater North Fulton
Chamber of Commerce. The former director of business development for North
Fulton Regional Hospital, Ms. Mullins teaches corporate health management at
Emory University on the master's level.

SANDY SPRINGS: Artist to donate sketch to Ronald McDonald House. Noted Atlanta
portrait artist Thomas Nash, who sketched Ronald McDonald at the recent Art of
the Season fund-raiser for Scottish Rite Children's Medical Center, is donating
the drawing to the Ronald McDonald House for permanent display after the
festival closes.

ROSWELL: Krishnamurthy to study Senate in Washington: Chattahoochee High School
student body president Arvind Krishnamurthy of Roswell has been named a delegate
to the 31st annual U.S. Senate Youth Program in Washington. Arvind is a member
of the National Honor Society, is state- ranked in tennis, serves as
editor-in-chief of the school paper and volunteers at St. Joseph's Hospital.
Delegates from throughout the United States will travel to Washington Jan.
30-Feb. 6 for a week of study of the federal government and the Senate in
particular.

SANDY SPRINGS: GSU accountancy school honors alumnus Smith. George E. Smith of
Sandy Springs has received the third annual Distinguished Alumni Award from
Georgia State University's School of Accountancy Advisory Council. The award is
for significant contributions to the accounting profession and for having a
positive impact on the community. Mr. Smith serves as secretary-treasurer of the
J.M. Tull Foundation. The award was presented by James Underwood, chairman of
the School of Accountancy's Alumni Relations Committee, in ceremonies at the
Ritz- Carlton, Atlanta.

ALPHARETTA: Falcons wives to model in benefit at Rupert's. Sheila Tolliver
(above, from left), Jenny Miller and Lynn Dukes of Alpharetta, Mickey Gardner of
Duluth and Carole Hinton of north Atlanta, all wives of Atlanta Falcons football
players, will model fashions in Monday's third annual Holiday Evening with the
Stars at Rupert's in Buckhead to benefit the Starlight Foundation, a non-profit
organization that grants wishes to seriously ill children. The event is
sponsored by the Atlanta Falcons Wives Association.

SANDY SPRINGS: Rep.-elect Trense attends seminar on health-care costs. State
Rep.-elect Sharon Trense of Sandy Springs, a business owner and registered
nurse, recently attended a three-day workshop on strategies for controlling
health-care costs in Durham, N.C. The seminar was attended by 60 legislators and
government administrators from throughout the United States. It was sponsored by
the Agency for Health Care Policy and Research, a division of the U.S. Public
Health Service.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH923520003

GRAPHIC: Photo: Rod Hovater of IBM and Cynthia Reed share a Covenant
Presbyterian School group's visit to the Chattahoochee Nature Center./ SPECIAL
Photo: Y.T. Abernathy of Alpharetta (left), president of the Georgia Eye Bank,
recently presented Lt. Gov. Pierre Howard with the Person of Vision Award for
his support of the Medical Examiners/Coroners Law, which permits cornea removal
in certain cases for transplant purposes. Photo: Mug shot of Shannon Hackler.
Photo: Sheila Tolliver (from left), Jenny Miller and Lynn Dukes of Alpharetta,
Mickey Gardner of Duluth and Carole Hinton of north Atlanta, all wives of
Atlanta Falcons football players, will model fashions in Monday's third annual
Holiday Evening with the Stars at Rupert's in Buckhead.

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                             March 29, 2010 Monday

Mayo Clinic - Philanthropy par excellence

BYLINE:  Dr. Muhammad Hafizullah

SECTION: Vol. 8 No. 706

LENGTH: 1194  words


"We make a living by what we get: we make a life by what we give," Winston
Churchill "Do you work in Mayo?" asked the air hostess on Delta airlines flight
from Minneapolis to Washington as she spotted some documents in my hands titled
Mayo Clinic. "My mother was in Mayo and they took great care of her,
unfortunately we lost her," she added with tears rolling in her eyes.

Millions of people will subscribe to the same. Mayo clinic stands very tall in
the world of medicine due to her contributions in research and innovations
leading cutting edge research in many specialties besides setting highest
standards for patient care and medical and health education.

Mayo Clinic is a leader in research and has blessed the world with many
innovations. Besides heart lung machine this was the first centre to offer
streptomycin as treatment of tuberculosis.

It pioneered the research which discovered thyroxine and cortisone. In 1920 it
taught the world how to grade cancers hence standardisation of treatment
modalities. The first hip replacement was performed at Mayo Clinic.

First CT Scan was developed in Mayo Clinic in North America in 1973.

It has one of the largest patient data base in the world as electronic medical
record system.

Our special connection with Mayo Clinic is that at one time Cardiology
department was headed by the inhabitant of Bannu - Prof Abdul Jamil Tajik and
currently Dr Arshad Jehangir heads electrophysiology section at Scottsdale,
Arizona.

Many Pakistani graduates had the good fortune of benefiting from Mayo Clinic by
receiving training in different fields of Medicine and Surgery. Mayo clinic, a
huge complex of hospitals, has established herself as one of the leaders in
clinical care, research and medical education.

It all started with Dr William Worrall Mayo, who migrated from Manchester UK to
United States in 1846. In four years he became a doctor and started practising
as a Civil War examining surgeon in 1863. His two sons Dr William Mayo and Dr
Charlie Mayo joined the father in 1883 and 1888 respectively after graduating. A
27-bed Saint Mary's hospital was established in 1889, following a tornado in
1883 which destroyed the earlier hospital.

Many distinguished physicians joined the family practice on invitation and this
started the legacy of Mayo Clinic. More than 8 million people have been treated
at Mayo clinic and the guiding principle remains the same as was enunciated by
Dr William Mayo, "the best interest of the patient is the only interest to be
considered."

Gonda building and Mayo building share the same premises. Ground floor houses a
museum which traces history to its inception boasting of rare pictures and
memorabilia.  It proudly displays the bypass machine developed by Gibbon, known
as Mayo Gibbon heart Lung machine, developed in 1955.

It is one of the earliest bypass machines and Mayo was one of the first centres
to offer open heart operations for congenital heart problems. Dr Lalihiae was
another genius to develop a similar machine in nearby Minneapolis. Mayo clinic
has been leading in heart surgery through innovations and Mayo at Scottsdale,
recently performed 65th Heart transplant operation.

At present Mayo Clinic has grown many folds beyond the dreams of Mayos. Mayo
Clinic offers educational programmes and training opportunities on its three
campuses in Medicine, research and the health sciences. The college of Medicine,
Mayo Clinic, includes five schools: Mayo School of Graduate Medical Education -
the oldest since 1915 with 17000 alumni and enrols 1443 clinical residents and
fellows. Mayo Graduate School, offers six biomedical specialties.

Operational since 1917, it graduates 50 masters and PhD students per year. Mayo
Medical School enrols 203 students and has graduated more than 1,000 students
since 1972. Mayo School of Health Sciences was established in 1973 and has
increased its enrolment to over 1350 students annually.

It provides training in 30 allied health science specialties from bachelors to
PhD. Mayo School of Continuing Medical Education was formally launched in 1996.
It offers 257 courses and 7,000 hours of continuing medical education per year.

Though it has spread it services to other states and communities, the biggest
centre is based at Rochester. Life in Rochester revolves around Mayo Clinic. The
exit leading to Rochester proudly and prominently displays the name of Mayo
Clinic on main sign boards. Mayo Clinic, along with Rochester Methodist Hospital
and Saint Marys Hospital form an integral medical centre offering around 2000
beds.

It admits 60,000 patients, of this 42000 are surgical cases. It has 96 operation
rooms. Total outpatient visits are around 1.5 million. A typical day at Mayo
Clinic will have around 5,500 outpatient visits, 250 admissions, 200 surgical
procedures, 41,000 laboratory tests, 4,000 radiology procedures, 650 CT scans,
250 MRIs and more than 200 units consumption of blood and blood components.

Eighty percent patients are treated as outpatients and only 20% are admitted.
Staff physicians and scientists are 2,000, residents and fellows are 2,744 and
allied health staff 27,743 totalling 32,483.

It has a facility at Jacksonville, Florida with total staff around 5,000
offering expert services in 43 specialties. In 1987 Mayo Clinic opened a centre
at Scottsdale, Arizona with 5,000 staff and treating 100,000 patients per year.
Mayo Clinic has, also, established quality health system as an outreach
programme in neighbouring Iowa, Wisconsin and Minnesota states backed by 863
physicians and 13,430 allied health staff.

This network of clinics and hospitals serves more than 70 communities offering
quality health care facilities at their doorsteps, backed by specialty care at
Mayo Clinic. More than 2.6 million patients benefit from this network.

All this in patient care, medical education and research has been made possible
through the selfless services of Mayo family. Way back in 1919 the Mayos turned
over the assets of Mayo Clinic to the nonprofit Mayo Properties Association -
the forerunner of Mayo foundation.

Today, Mayo clinic employs 3600 physicians, 50,000 staff and offers services to
more than 3 million patients per year. This has been made possible due to the
generous donation of 236 million dollars from 95,700 donors from all over the
world, in the form of contributions, grants and endowments. It spends 763
million in research and education and 391 comes from benefactor gifts and Mayo
Clinic funds.

Whereas Mayo Clinic epitomises excellence in patient care, medical education and
research, it distinguishes itself more so because this has been made possible
due to the support of people.

Mayo Clinic is proud legacy of philanthropy which touches around one hundred
thousand hearts and attracts millions of dollars in support of various
programmes. It sets an example for all of us that such rare accomplishments are
possible with public support but that requires selfless leaders with vision and
equipped with honesty and dedication.

Whereas people in other countries have been planning and working to improve
their standards and service one only shudders to think which way are we heading?

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                             March 29, 2010 Monday

Mayo Clinic - Philanthropy par excellence

BYLINE:  Dr. Muhammad Hafizullah

SECTION: Vol. 8 No. 706

LENGTH: 1194  words


"We make a living by what we get: we make a life by what we give," Winston
Churchill "Do you work in Mayo?" asked the air hostess on Delta airlines flight
from Minneapolis to Washington as she spotted some documents in my hands titled
Mayo Clinic. "My mother was in Mayo and they took great care of her,
unfortunately we lost her," she added with tears rolling in her eyes.

Millions of people will subscribe to the same. Mayo clinic stands very tall in
the world of medicine due to her contributions in research and innovations
leading cutting edge research in many specialties besides setting highest
standards for patient care and medical and health education.

Mayo Clinic is a leader in research and has blessed the world with many
innovations. Besides heart lung machine this was the first centre to offer
streptomycin as treatment of tuberculosis.

It pioneered the research which discovered thyroxine and cortisone. In 1920 it
taught the world how to grade cancers hence standardisation of treatment
modalities. The first hip replacement was performed at Mayo Clinic.

First CT Scan was developed in Mayo Clinic in North America in 1973.

It has one of the largest patient data base in the world as electronic medical
record system.

Our special connection with Mayo Clinic is that at one time Cardiology
department was headed by the inhabitant of Bannu - Prof Abdul Jamil Tajik and
currently Dr Arshad Jehangir heads electrophysiology section at Scottsdale,
Arizona.

Many Pakistani graduates had the good fortune of benefiting from Mayo Clinic by
receiving training in different fields of Medicine and Surgery. Mayo clinic, a
huge complex of hospitals, has established herself as one of the leaders in
clinical care, research and medical education.

It all started with Dr William Worrall Mayo, who migrated from Manchester UK to
United States in 1846. In four years he became a doctor and started practising
as a Civil War examining surgeon in 1863. His two sons Dr William Mayo and Dr
Charlie Mayo joined the father in 1883 and 1888 respectively after graduating. A
27-bed Saint Mary's hospital was established in 1889, following a tornado in
1883 which destroyed the earlier hospital.

Many distinguished physicians joined the family practice on invitation and this
started the legacy of Mayo Clinic. More than 8 million people have been treated
at Mayo clinic and the guiding principle remains the same as was enunciated by
Dr William Mayo, "the best interest of the patient is the only interest to be
considered."

Gonda building and Mayo building share the same premises. Ground floor houses a
museum which traces history to its inception boasting of rare pictures and
memorabilia.  It proudly displays the bypass machine developed by Gibbon, known
as Mayo Gibbon heart Lung machine, developed in 1955.

It is one of the earliest bypass machines and Mayo was one of the first centres
to offer open heart operations for congenital heart problems. Dr Lalihiae was
another genius to develop a similar machine in nearby Minneapolis. Mayo clinic
has been leading in heart surgery through innovations and Mayo at Scottsdale,
recently performed 65th Heart transplant operation.

At present Mayo Clinic has grown many folds beyond the dreams of Mayos. Mayo
Clinic offers educational programmes and training opportunities on its three
campuses in Medicine, research and the health sciences. The college of Medicine,
Mayo Clinic, includes five schools: Mayo School of Graduate Medical Education -
the oldest since 1915 with 17000 alumni and enrols 1443 clinical residents and
fellows. Mayo Graduate School, offers six biomedical specialties.

Operational since 1917, it graduates 50 masters and PhD students per year. Mayo
Medical School enrols 203 students and has graduated more than 1,000 students
since 1972. Mayo School of Health Sciences was established in 1973 and has
increased its enrolment to over 1350 students annually.

It provides training in 30 allied health science specialties from bachelors to
PhD. Mayo School of Continuing Medical Education was formally launched in 1996.
It offers 257 courses and 7,000 hours of continuing medical education per year.

Though it has spread it services to other states and communities, the biggest
centre is based at Rochester. Life in Rochester revolves around Mayo Clinic. The
exit leading to Rochester proudly and prominently displays the name of Mayo
Clinic on main sign boards. Mayo Clinic, along with Rochester Methodist Hospital
and Saint Marys Hospital form an integral medical centre offering around 2000
beds.

It admits 60,000 patients, of this 42000 are surgical cases. It has 96 operation
rooms. Total outpatient visits are around 1.5 million. A typical day at Mayo
Clinic will have around 5,500 outpatient visits, 250 admissions, 200 surgical
procedures, 41,000 laboratory tests, 4,000 radiology procedures, 650 CT scans,
250 MRIs and more than 200 units consumption of blood and blood components.

Eighty percent patients are treated as outpatients and only 20% are admitted.
Staff physicians and scientists are 2,000, residents and fellows are 2,744 and
allied health staff 27,743 totalling 32,483.

It has a facility at Jacksonville, Florida with total staff around 5,000
offering expert services in 43 specialties. In 1987 Mayo Clinic opened a centre
at Scottsdale, Arizona with 5,000 staff and treating 100,000 patients per year.
Mayo Clinic has, also, established quality health system as an outreach
programme in neighbouring Iowa, Wisconsin and Minnesota states backed by 863
physicians and 13,430 allied health staff.

This network of clinics and hospitals serves more than 70 communities offering
quality health care facilities at their doorsteps, backed by specialty care at
Mayo Clinic. More than 2.6 million patients benefit from this network.

All this in patient care, medical education and research has been made possible
through the selfless services of Mayo family. Way back in 1919 the Mayos turned
over the assets of Mayo Clinic to the nonprofit Mayo Properties Association -
the forerunner of Mayo foundation.

Today, Mayo clinic employs 3600 physicians, 50,000 staff and offers services to
more than 3 million patients per year. This has been made possible due to the
generous donation of 236 million dollars from 95,700 donors from all over the
world, in the form of contributions, grants and endowments. It spends 763
million in research and education and 391 comes from benefactor gifts and Mayo
Clinic funds.

Whereas Mayo Clinic epitomises excellence in patient care, medical education and
research, it distinguishes itself more so because this has been made possible
due to the support of people.

Mayo Clinic is proud legacy of philanthropy which touches around one hundred
thousand hearts and attracts millions of dollars in support of various
programmes. It sets an example for all of us that such rare accomplishments are
possible with public support but that requires selfless leaders with vision and
equipped with honesty and dedication.

Whereas people in other countries have been planning and working to improve
their standards and service one only shudders to think which way are we heading?

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                          September 12, 2009 Saturday

Obituaries

SECTION: OBITUARIES; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 1874 words


central illinois

Walter S. Swearingen

GIBSON CITY - Walter Spencer Swearingen, 60, Carthage, formerly of Gibson City,
died Wednesday (Sept. 9, 2009) at his home.

Service: 3 p.m. Sunday at Printy Funeral Home, Carthage.

Burial: Moss Ridge Cemetery, Carthage.

Visitation: 3 to 8 p.m. today at the funeral home, with family meeting friends
from 5 to 8 p.m.

Memorials: Smyrna Primitive Baptist Church, Bentley; or St. Jude Children's
Research Hospital, Memphis, Tenn.

Survivors: wife, Joy Ellen Dittmer Swearingen; one daughter, Megan (Jared)
Jahraus, Houston, Texas; three sons, Jason (Michelle) Swearingen, Tuscola;
Spencer (Libby) Swearingen, Morton; and Andrew Swearingen, Carbondale; six
grandchildren; and two sisters, Lois (Hans) Schaefer, Green Valley, Ariz., and
Doris (Marvin) Minten, Parker, Colo.

Anne P. Yuhas

STREATOR - Anne P. Yuhas, 96, formerly of Serena, died at 5:20 a.m. Thursday
(Sept. 10, 2009) at Heritage Manor Nursing Home, Peru.

Service: 11:30 a.m. Monday, Mass of Christian burial at St. Stephen's Church,
Streator.-

Visitation: 9 to 11 a.m. Monday at Solon-Telford Funeral Home, Streator.

Burial: St. Stephen's Cemetery, Streator.

Memorials: charity of the donor's choice.

Survivors: a son, Robert (Nancy) Yuhas, Sheridan; two daughters, Monica (Ronald)
Wood, Swartz Creek, Mich., and Mary Jane (Jack) Spinazola, Earlville; eight
grandchildren; three great-grandchildren; two stepgrandchildren; and a sister,
Mary Devera, Peru.

bloomington- normal

Mildred Ivonne Bradley

BLOOMINGTON - Mildred Ivonne Bradley, 85, of 1200 E. Grant St., Macomb, formerly
of Bloomington, passed away peacefully at 4:40 p.m. Thursday (Sept. 10, 2009) at
Wesley Village Healthcare Center in Macomb.

Her funeral will be at 11 a.m. Monday at the Clugston-Tibbitts Funeral Home,
Macomb, with the Rev. Steve Workman officiating. Burial will be in Oakwood
Cemetery, Macomb. Visitation will be for one hour prior to services.

At the family's request, in lieu of flowers, memorials may be made to either the
First Christian Church of Macomb, Wesley Village or a charity of the donor's
choice.

You may leave condolences and sign the guest book at clugston-tibbittsfh.com.

Ivonne was born Sept. 16, 1923, in Macomb, the daughter of Ivan E. and Mildred
N. Herndon Burton. After graduating from Macomb High School in 1941, she
attended and graduated from business college in Davenport, Iowa. She married
Raymond L. Bradley of Bloomington on Feb. 21, 1942. They made their home in
Bloominton for two years when they returned to Macomb.

Ivonne worked briefly at Globe American and at Hertenstein's Financial before
taking a position with Pacific Finance Loan Co. where she worked until her
retirement in 1981.

Ivonne was a lifelong member of First Christian Church in Macomb. She led a very
active and service-oriented life. She was a longtime member of the Business and
Professional Women's Club, where she served a term as the Illinois state
president. She was a charter member of Altrusa of Macomb. She worked tirelessly
for the visually impaired. She served in the American Legion Auxiliary for many
years and she was a lifetime member of the Daughters of the American Revolution.
Ivonne received many awards and special recognitions for her richly rewarding
life of service to her community which she loved dearly.

Ivonne was preceded in death by her husband of 61 years on July 2, 2003; her
parents; and her sister, Helen.

Ivonne is survived by two sons, Raymond Lynn (Luci) Bradley, Belleville, and
Larry Edwin (Dianne) Bradley, Fort Worth, Texas; granddaughter, Cathlene Rene
(Sergio) Alvarez, and great-granddaughter, Samantha Elizabeth Alvarez, all of
Salinas, Calif.

Her family wishes to express a very special thank you to Wesley Village,
McDonough District Hospital/Hospice and to her wonderful doctors, nurses and
other personnel for their kindness and help through some difficult times.

Florance Garrett

BLOOMINGTON - Florance Louise Berner Garrett, 89, Columbia, Mo., formerly of
Bloomington, a woman known for fun and the love of family, passed away Thursday
(Sept. 10, 2009).

A celebration of her life will be at 1 p.m. today at the First Presbyterian
Church, 16 Hitt St., Columbia, Mo., with a reception to follow at the church.
Interment will be at East Lawn Memorial Gardens, Bloomington, at a later date.

She was born July 23, 1920, at Brokaw Hospital in Normal, daughter of Louis and
Eleanor Berner, who preceded her in death. Her brother, Louis Berner Jr., and
sister, Eleanor (George) Hunt, also preceded her in death.

Florance married Dayle Garrett over 65 years ago and he survives along with
their five children, Sharen Garrett and Jill Bacon, Columbia, Mo.; Karen (Lanny)
Hiler, Roswell, Ga.; Mikel (Cheryl) Garrett, Wildwood, Mo.; and Amy (David)
Loethen, Lee's Summit, Mo. She is "Gommie" to her 11 grandchildren, Kevin, Ren,
Rita, Taylor, Sarah, Garrett, Kelsey, Noah, Molly, Emma and Bess; and two
great-grandchildren, Nate and Anna. One sister-in-law, Adeline "Ginger" Berner,
Bloomington, also survives.

Prior to college, she became a certified Red Cross water safety instructor and
learned to sail as a Mariner Scout.

She graduated from Illinois Wesleyan University, Bloomington, with a bachelor of
science in home economics in 1943. A member of the Omicron Chapter of Kappa
Delta Sorority, Florance was one of the instrumental founding alumnae who
brought the Epsilon Iota Chapter to the University of Missouri - Columbia. She
is an Emerald Circle member of Kappa Delta for over 60 years.

After marrying Dayle in 1944, she left Bloomington to work for Civil Service
while her husband was serving in the U.S. Army. She taught typing to military
personnel at Camp Patrick Henry in Newport News, Va.

Florance and her family moved to Columbia, Mo., in 1960 and has been a loyal
Missourian ever since. The Missouri Tigers quickly became her football team of
choice. She was a loyal fan at Faurot Field with many years of season tickets
which she enjoyed with Dayle. While watching games on television she would yell
encouragement to the players, "Someone help him!"

Her life revolved around her family, her friends and her church. Florance's
Christian faith sustained her throughout her many wonderful years.

Upon her husband's retirement in 1983, they wintered together for more than 20
years in Clearwater, Fla. She was an active associate member of Trinity
Presbyterian Church.

Her love of games was contagious and all of her children and grandchildren
learned from "the master" how to play canasta and other games. Florance was an
avid bridge player.

Her love of Dayle is legendary and beyond measure. They met in church choir at
First Presbyterian Church in Bloomington, while both were in college.

The family suggests memorials be given to First Presbyterian Church, 16 Hitt
Street, Columbia, MO, 65201.

Thanks be to God for this wonderful woman!

Online condolences may be extended to Florance's family at
www.heartlandcremation.com. Arrangements are under the direction of Heartland
Cremation & Burial Society of Columbia, (573) 442-7850.

Dale Hamilton

NORMAL - Dale A. Hamilton, 77, Normal, formerly of DeKalb, passed away Thursday
(Sept. 10, 2009) at BroMenn Regional Medical Center, Normal.

His funeral will be at 1 p.m. Thursday at the Anderson Funeral Home, DeKalb,
with the Rev. Robert Vaughn officiating. Burial will follow the service at
Fairview Park Cemetery, DeKalb. Visitation will be from 5 to 7 p.m. Wednesday at
the funeral home.

Dale was born in Waterman on March 10, 1932, the son of Wendell and Florence
North Hamilton. Dale married Janice Elaine Huber on Jan. 5, 1953, in Hannibal,
Mo.

Dale worked at Wurlitzer as a piano cabinet maker, and received his associate's
degree in business from Kishwaukee College. He went on to work at DeKalb County
Exports in Ottawa, and later became a commodities broker working for Bates
Commodities in Normal. Dale developed the 21 club for Wurlitzer and loved to
fly.

Dale is survived by his son, Douglas (Barbara) Hamilton, Phoenix, Ariz.;
daughter, Patricia Sue Miller, Normal; grandson, Gregory M. (Carla) Hamilton,
Henderson, Nev.; two great-grandchildren, Skylar and Kaitlyn; siblings, Wendell
Hamilton Jr., California; Norman (Dahlia) Hamilton, Janesville, Wis.; Delores
(Fred) Miner, Amboy; Mary Jo Ziegler, Waterman; and Carol Albert, Florida; and
many nieces and nephews.-

Dale was preceded in death by his wife, Janice; his parents; and one sister,
Lois Abbott.

For information, please call (815) 756-1022.

Bill Howe Sr.

BLOOMINGTON - Willie 'Bill' Wayne Howe, 76, Bloomington, formerly of Monmouth,
died at 7:22 p.m. Thursday (Sept. 10, 2009) at OSF St. Joseph Medical Center,
Bloomington.

His funeral will be at 10 a.m. Monday at Hoover-Hall Memorial Chapel, Monmouth.
Burial will be in Warren County Memorial Park, Monmouth.

Friends may call after noon Sunday at Hoover-Hall Memorial Chapel, where his
family will be present from 1 to 4 p.m.

Memorials may be left for the Lions of Illinois Foundation Fund. Online
condolences may be left at hooverhall.com.

He was born Aug. 28, 1933, at Monmouth, son of Albert L. and Gladys M. Hook
Howe. He was raised and educated in Monmouth, where he graduated from Monmouth
High School in 1952.

Bill married Marilyn F. Deal on July 22, 1956, in Galesburg, and she survives.

He had worked at Platt's Men's Wear, 2nd National Bank of Monmouth, Gale
Products, Lovdahl and Howe Brothers Bookkeeping and retired from Monmouth Stone
Co. in 1996. He and Marilyn had run the concession stand at Monmouth Park in
1967 and 1968.

He was a member of the First Christian Church, where he had served as a deacon.
He was a charter member of the Monmouth Jaycees, served as treasurer and board
member of the Warren County YMCA, and formed and served as coach for the YMCA
Midget Baseball League.

He joined the Monmouth Lions Club in 1970 and served in all of the offices. He
coached Lion Little League and served as commissioner. He has held several
District offices in Lions Club, including the coordinator of the eye donation
program and delivery of donated tissue. He served as District Lions Club
governor from 1996-1997 and also served as Lions state treasurer. He helped
establish the Monmouth Noon Lions Club. He transferred to the Danvers Lion Club
after moving to Bloomington.

He had played softball in Florida until 2008 and was an avid Chicago Bears and
Cubs fan.

His family includes his wife, Marilyn; one son, Willie "Bill" (Cindy) Howe Jr.,
Roscoe; one daughter, Brenda (Jeff) Leopard, Bloomington; grandchildren,
Stephanie N. Howe and Stacey K. Howe, both of Roscoe, and Alison K. Leopard,
Jamie E. Leopard and Melissa F. Leopard, all of Bloomington; two sisters,
Maradine Harrison, Tucson, Ariz., and Erma (Frank) Kellogg, Monmouth; three
brothers, L. Max (Pauline) Howe and James (Judy) Howe, both of Monmouth; and
Loren (Nancy) Howe, Kemp, Texas; and numerous nieces and nephews.

He was preceded in death by his parents and one brother, Donald L Howe.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Pantagraph


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                              July 6, 2012 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Bits and pieces

BYLINE: Les MacPherson, The Leader-Post

SECTION: NEWS; Les Macpherson; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 648 words


Today, instead of the usual, full-length column, enjoy these bite-size
columnettes. Please chew thoroughly to prevent choking:

- - -

A team with the Pima Air and Space Museum in Tucson, Ariz., recently flew the
world's largest paper airplane.

Made of corrugated cardboard, the 45-foot-long plane weighed 800 pounds, with a
24-foot wingspan. The giant, delta-winged plane was towed aloft by a helicopter
and released at 2,700 feet over the Arizona desert. It glided for just a few
seconds, reaching a speed of nearly 100 mph, before breaking up and plummeting
to earth.

Discount airlines reportedly are interested in developing the design as a
low-cost alternative to expensive, metal airplanes.

- - -

Speaking of craters, the new CEO of Research in Motion dismisses any suggestion
that the reeling company is in a "death spiral."

"There is nothing wrong with the company as it exists right now," Thorsten Heins
said this week in an interview with the CBC. Heins says RIM's Blackberry 10 will
be a huge hit when it is released next year. The new device, he says, will
"empower people as never before."

Heins also claims that Andy Griffith is "just having a snooze," and will be up
in time for dinner.

- - -

Nuclear physicists using the Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland reportedly
have discovered a subatomic particle they believe is fundamental to the very
structure of the universe.

It is not fundamental enough, however, that physicists now can shut down the
collider and start looking for other work.

- - -

A new study has linked coffee consumption with a reduced risk of the most common
type of skin cancer.

Of more than 100,000 American health-care workers surveyed, those who reported
drinking the most coffee had 16-per-cent fewer basal-cell skin cancers than
those who drank the least coffee.

This could mean a posthumous Nobel Prize in medicine for Tim Horton.

- - -

I was surprised to learn the cash-strapped CBC is eliminating its shortwave
service.

Who knew the CBC still had a shortwave service? I thought it was eliminated
years ago.

Next they'll be laying off Earl Cameron and cancelling Don Messer's Jubilee.

- - -

I also was surprised to learn of service cuts by Via Rail.

Of course, Via always gets cut when the federal government is casting about for
savings.

What's surprised me is that there is anything left to cut. Is there a squeaky
old Via handcar still on the rails somewhere, overlooked by federal bean
counters?

That and more, apparently. I since have learned that six Via trains still stop
in Saskatoon, three westbound and three eastbound, between Vancouver and
Toronto. They are easily overlooked. Via's passenger station is in the city's
extreme southwest corner, nestled between the CN rail yards and the dump.

Of these six trains a week serving Saskatoon, Via, in response to federal budget
cuts, is dropping two.

If they hadn't mentioned it, would anyone have noticed?

- - -

Finally, an alarming example of real life imitating satire:

In his literary classic, Gulliver's Travels, Jonathon Swift told of a university
in the imaginary land of Laputa where scientists for eight years had been trying
to extract sunbeams from cucumbers. The idea was to capture the sunbeams in
tightly sealed containers that then could be opened for heat on cold days. The
only problem was obtaining subsidies sufficient to cover the high price of
cucumbers.

Ridiculous, no?

Apparently not to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, which recently
awarded a $90,000 grant to university students who are trying to extract
electricity from spinach.

Proposed by engineering students at Vanderbilt University, the idea is to build
solar panels using spinach proteins as a substitute for expensive silicon
wafers. The grant was awarded even though the amount of electricity generated is
expected to be minuscule.

But for the groundbreaking work in Laputa, I would have said that you can't make
this stuff up.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2012 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            February 23, 2014 Sunday

BRIEFLY

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; BUSINESS DIGEST; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1656 words


HOSPITAL RECEIVES WOMEN'S CHOICE AWARD: Oak Hill Hospital has been named a
recipient of the Women's Choice Award as one of America's best hospitals in
emergency care.

The award signifies Oak Hill's commitment to a quality health care experience
for women and all other patients. The award is the lone recognition program that
measures against the needs and preferences of women.

DENTIST ACCEPTING NEW INSURANCE: Spring Hill Dental Associates, 11025 Spring
Hill Drive, Spring Hill, is now a provider for Cigna PPO, Florida Combined Life
and Delta Dental Premier insurance.

For more information, call (352) 683-1838.

WOMEN-N-CHARGE GRANT PROGRAM: Women-n-Charge, whose mission, in part, is to
support and assist professional women in managing their businesses more
effectively, is offering two $1,000 grants this spring. The business advancement
grant is for business-related equipment or services; the career advancement
grant is for continuing education.

Learn more at women-n-charge.com/Grants.html. Applications are available online
and are due March 15. For more information, contact Judy Nicolosi, president, at
(813) 600-9848 or info@women-n-charge.com

VOLUNTEERS NEEDED: SCORE Chapter 439 is looking for volunteers, especially those
who live on the east side of Pasco County, to mentor small businesses. For more
information, visit score439.org and click on "Volunteer."

* * *

Bulletin board

FREE BUSINESS CONSULTATIONS: The Small Business Development Center at the
University of South Florida and the Greater Hernando County Chamber of Commerce
provide free consultations to small businesses and entrepreneurs in the county.

A business consultant is available at the chamber office to provide access to
all of the center's services. The center's Hernando office is at the chamber
office, 15588 Aviation Loop Drive, south of Brooksville. To schedule a session,
call Jerry Karp at (352) 796-0697.

* * *

Who's news

HOSPITAL STARS: Oak Hill Hospital in Spring Hill has announced its "stars" -
associates of the month - for January. They are Diane Pisnar, Michele Pitka and
Jacquelyn Evans.

Pisnar, a registered nurse, began her career at the hospital in 2002. She is a
charge nurse on the night shift.

Pitka works in the ortho/spine department.

Evans, the hospital's lead ultrasound technician, began working at Oak Hill in
October 2006.

BUSINESS PRESIDENT ATTENDS CONSULTING CONFERENCE: Chuck Wilson, president and
founder of Wilson Technology Group, 24332 Dorsey Smith Road, east of
Brooksville, attended the Building Industry Consulting Services International
winter conference and exhibition in Orlando.

Wilson is serving his second four-year term on the group's board and has been a
member since 1995.

The international association supports the information technology systems
industry with information, education and knowledge assessment for individuals
and companies.

RN PROMOTED TO CRITICAL CARE MANAGER: Trina Bosco, a registered nurse at Oak
Hill Hospital in Spring Hill, was recently promoted to critical care manager.

Bosco started at the hospital in 1991 and worked her way through nursing school
as a patient care assistant/nursing technician. She left in 1994 to do home care
but returned in 2000. Her experience includes telemetry, intensive care, cardiac
catheterization recovery and the emergency department. She has served as
interim/relief house supervisor for three years.

CPA BECOMES PARTNER: Accountant Jim Wilhelm recently rejoined Campbell & Co.
CPAs, 7211 Hiawatha Parkway, Spring Hill, as a partner.

Wilhelm earned his bachelor's degree in accounting and a master's degree in
accounting from Liberty University in Lynchburg, Va. He has more than 12 years
of experience in private-sector and public accounting and is an enrolled agent
with the Internal Revenue Service.

For more information, call (352) 683-7365.

RN PROMOTED TO CHARGE NURSE: Registered nurse Jennifer Maginness was recently
appointed charge nurse in the endoscopy department at Oak Hill Hospital in
Spring Hill.

Maginness comes to the hospital from Brandon Regional Hospital, another HCA
facility. She has experience in medical telemetry, progressive care, neurology,
gynecology and endoscopy.

* * *

Events

CHAMBER RIBBON-CUTTINGS: The Greater Hernando County Chamber of Commerce will
have three ribbon-cuttings this week:

- Palm Tree Cafe, 13162 Cortez Blvd., Brooksville, 11 a.m. Tuesday. Call Debbie
Press, (352) 596-7179.

- Candleglow Apartments, 1071 Candlelight Blvd., Brooksville, noon, Thursday.
Call Tatiana Lopez, (352) 799-7958.

- Sears Outlet, 19490 Cortez Blvd., Brooksville, noon, Friday. Call Patrick
Analore, (352) 799-6498.

YOUNG PROFESSIONALS SOUGHT: The Greater Hernando County Chamber of Commerce
Young Professionals Committee meets at 11 a.m. Friday at Beef 'O' Brady's, 14387
Spring Hill Drive, Spring Hill. Individuals interested in becoming part of the
group are invited. For more information, call Phil Undestad at (352) 796-1451 or
Lindsey Hack at (352) 796-6000.

* * *

Building skills

PESTICIDE LICENSE EXAM REVIEW: The University of Florida Institute of Food and
Agricultural Sciences Extension will offer a pesticide license exam review for
ornamental and turf applications from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Tuesday at the Hernando
County Cooperative Extension Service, 1653 Blaise Drive, Brooksville.

The ornamental and turf category is for public or commercial applications of
restricted-use pesticides to golf courses, athletic fields, parks and
cemeteries. Two continuing education units will be given.

The cost is $15 and covers printed materials. Participants wanting to complete
the exam must have a valid photo ID with their current address. To RSVP, visit
https://feb2014otexamreview.eventbrite.com. For more information, call Stacy
Strickland at (352) 754-4433.

SMALL BUSINESS SEMINARS: SCORE Chapter 439 will present a series of free
business seminars.

- "Creating a Business Plan," 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Thursday, New River Branch
Library, 34043 State Road 54, Zephyrhills.

- "Focused Selling Skills," noon to 1:30 p.m. March 3, Dade City Business
Center, 15000 Citrus County Drive, Suite 103, Dade City.

- "E-Marketing Concepts," 5 to 6:45 p.m. March 4, Lykes Memorial Library, main
branch, 238 Howell Ave., Brooksville.

- "Using the Internet in Your Business," 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. March 11, Hudson
Regional Library, 8012 Library Road, Hudson.

- "How to Really Start Your Business," 5:25 to 730 p.m. March 12, South Holiday
Library, 4649 Mile Stretch Road, Holiday.

- "How to Apply for a Business Loan," 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. March 12, Hugh Embry
Branch Library, 14215 Fourth St., Dade City.

- "Creating a Business Plan," 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. March 13, Regency Park Library,
9701 Little Road, New Port Richey.

- "How to Apply for a Business Loan," 5:25 to 7:30 p.m. March 18, Centennial
Park Library, 5740 Moog Road, Holiday.

- "Using the Internet in Your Business," 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. March 18, New Port
Richey Library, 5939 Main St., New Port Richey.

- "Marketing to Grow Your Business," 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. March 25, Land O'Lakes
Branch Library, 2818 Collier Parkway, Land O'Lakes.

- "How to Really Start Your Business," 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. March 27, New River
Branch Library, 34043 State Road 54, Wesley Chapel.

To register, visit score439.org and click on the "Local Workshops" tab or call
the SCORE office at (727) 842-4638.

BOOKKEEPING BASICS: The Greater Hernando County Chamber of Commerce will offer a
workshop, "Bookkeeping Basics," from 2 to 4 p.m. Wednesday at the chamber's
office, 15588 Aviation Loop Drive, south of Brooksville.

Presented by Jim Taylor, the workshop will explore how to classify and record
basic business transactions, the use of basic accounting terms, how to stay tax
compliant and software that can make bookkeeping easier.

The cost is $45 per person.To register, visit hernandochamber.com/events.

BUSINESS BRIEF: The Greater Hernando County Chamber of Commerce will offer a
Business Brief session from 9 to 9:30 a.m. Wednesday at the chamber's office,
15588 Aviation Loop Drive, south of Brooksville.

The complimentary training will be presented by Royce Decker and is hosted after
each monthly membership meeting. Seating is limited to 30. To register, visit
hernandochamber.com/events.

If you have business announcements to share with our readers, mail the details
to Jean Hayes, Business Digest, Hernando Times, 15365 Cortez Blvd., Brooksville,
FL 34613-6174. You may also email them to jhayes@tampabay.com or fax them to
(352) 754-6133. Items may be edited for length and clarity. Photos are published
as space permits; they will not be returned.

* * *

Networking and mixers

BNI Winning Edge: 7:15 to 9 a.m. Tuesday, Regency Oaks Clubhouse, 4445
Breakwater Blvd., Spring Hill. The cost is $10 and includes breakfast. Call Lisa
Cornett at (352) 345-1377.

America's Wellness Network: 6:15 to 7 p.m. Tuesday, Boston Cooker Restaurant and
Oyster Bar, 5375 Spring Hill Drive, Spring Hill. The network is open to all
wellness-related businesses and practitioners. Informal networking to follow
from 7 to 8:30 p.m. Dinner with short program; free admission. Order from the
menu. To RSVP, call Dr. Nancy Philips, (352) 678-5155.

Greater Hernando County Chamber of Commerce Monthly Membership Meeting: 7:15
a.m. Wednesday, Silverthorn Country Club, 4550 Golf Club Lane, south of
Brooksville. This month's sponsor is Hernando Today. Special presentation by
Dale Brill. Cost: $15 if prepaid online or $20 at the door; includes breakfast.
To RSVP, visit hernandochamber.com/events. For more information, call (352)
796-0697.

BNI Leaders by Design: 7:15 to 9:30 a.m. Thursday, Marine Corps League
Detachment 708, 8405 Sunshine Grove Road, west of Brooksville. The cost is $9
and includes breakfast; no cost for first-time visitors. Call Marianne Zirk at
(352) 340-4456.

Nature Coast Business Professionals: 8 a.m. Friday, IHOP restaurant, 3636
Commercial Way, Spring Hill. Guests are welcome. Those attending may order from
the menu. Call Dana Cutlip at (352) 293-4317.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Courtesy of Dawn Badami: LRE GROUND SERVICES CELEBRATES 25
YEARS: LRE Ground Services celebrated its 25th anniversary on Feb. 7 with an
event that featured a ribbon-cutting ceremony. It also included refreshments,
cake, games and a look back at how far the company has come since its founding
in 1989, when owners Raymond and Susan Woolever started with a staff of three.
Today the company has more than 130 full-time employees. PHOTO (7): Pisnar;
Pitka; Evans; Wilson; Bosco; Wilhelm; Maginness

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              July 15, 2005 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

BULLETIN BOARD BUSINESS NEWS AND NOTES FROM AROUND THE REGION

BYLINE: COMPILED BY JOHN O. LINSTEAD

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 869 words


Branching out

Starbucks Coffee Co. has opened its first Wildwood store. The new store with a
drive-through window is at Taylor and Manchester roads. - 125 Plaza Drive
Wildwood, Mo. 63040 The Crack Team, St. Louis-based foundation repair
specialists, has opened a branch office in Southampton, N.Y., on Long Island.
Franchisee Ray Halsey will run the office.

Moving

Kitchen and bath designer Jerry Kopman has moved Kopman's Kitchens and Baths to
a new location in Clayton. - 7501 Forsyth Boulevard Clayton, Mo. 63105 Phone:
314-727-3344 Dr. R. Craig McKee, plastic, hand and cosmetic surgeon at Anderson
Hospital in Maryville, Ill., has opened a new office in the hospital's Physician
Office Building. - 6800 State Route 162, Suite 200 Maryville, Ill. 62062 Phone:
618-288-1548 He also opened a second office for his patients in St. Clair
County. That office will be open on Fridays only, beginning July 15. - 1512
North Green Mount Road, Suite 108 O'Fallon, Ill. Phone: 618-622-8919

Expanding

Clarkson Eyecare will be the exclusive source in St. Louis for the new Nike
Max-sight, sport-tinted contact lenses made by Bausch & Lomb. The lenses are
targeted at athletes for use during outdoor sports. The Food and Drug
Administration approved the lenses for daily wear.

New business

Coldwell Banker Gundaker's New Homes Division was selected by Titan Homes Inc.
to market its houses in St. Charles and Lincoln counties. The company's new
homes account manager, Erin Joy, will help to promote and market the Titan built
homes to buyers and agents.

Projects

Glantz & Associates Architects Inc. received a contract from McBride & Son
Homes-Louisville for the architectural design of 84 new upscale, luxury,
single-family houses in the Glen Lake subdivision in Louisville, Ky. St.
Anthony's Medical Center is holding a grand re-opening celebration Aug. 4 for
the newly renovated St. Anthony's Lemay Medical Office Building, 2900 Lemay
Ferry Road in south St. Louis County. The two-story, 52,000-square-foot
building, constructed in 1980, has 23 office suites. S.M. Wilson & Co. completed
the $6.1 million renovation and expansion of the Center for Creative Arts at 524
Trinity Avenue in University City. An 11,000-square-foot addition contains a
main entrance and reception area, backstage support space and two new studios.
Another 38,000 square feet was renovated, and an open staircase and skylight
were installed in COCA's central office area. Trivers Associates was the
architect for the renovation, which began last August.

On the Web

The Leadership Council Southwestern Illinois has launched its redesigned Web
site: www.siteselection-il.com.

Helping out

The Signature Health Care Foundation awarded $5,000 to the St. Louis Regional
Health Commission. The grant will be used in support of the St. Louis Health
Literacy Summit to be held in the fall. Signature Health Care Foundation was
formed in 2002 by Signature Health Systems Inc., a St. Louis area physicians
practice. National City Corp. and Freddie Mac are providing Beyond
Housing/Neighborhood Housing Services with $25,000. The money will fund Beyond
Housing's "Don't Borrow Trouble" campaign to offer practical financial advice
through educational outreach. St. John's Mercy Hospital Foundation received
$5,000 from AmerenUE to kick off its first capital campaign for expansion of the
current hospital clinic. The goal of the capital campaign is to raise $180,000.
Funds raised by the foundation and the community will be used for renovations
needed to expand the current clinic and include adult medicine services. The
clinic has been named McAuley Clinic, after Catherine McAuley, founder of the
Sisters of Mercy.

Recognition

Marianne Przetak, owner of Ladue Florist, was named Woman Business Owner of the
Month for July by National City Corp. A case study about Przetak is available on
National City's small-business Web site: www.nationalcity.com/smallbusiness/.
Barnes-Jewish Hospital ranked No. 6 in the nation in U.S. News & World Report's
America's Best Hospitals issue, the July 18 issue. Barnes-Jewish earned honors
for the 13th consecutive year as part of the magazine's Honor Roll, while
ranking in 15 individual specialties. The hospital ranked No. 8 in 2004. Other
local hospitals listed are St. Louis University Hospital, eighth in geriatrics
and 48th in kidney disease; and St. Louis Children's Hospital, 13th in
pediatrics.

Awards

Spencer Brickwork Inc. of Ballwin received a craftsmanship award from the
International Union of Bricklayers and Allied Craftworkers. The firm received
the organization's 2004 BAC Craft Award for Best Residential Stone Project for
its work on the Van Slyke residence in St. Louis County. Toby and Nancy Griggs,
franchisees for Computer Renaissance with a store in Fairview Heights, received
the Business-to-Business Store of the Year Award from the franchiser, Compren
Corp. of Lakeland, Fla. Delta Dental of Missouri's Social Marketing Initiatives
campaign won the 2005 Marketing Excellence Award from the St. Louis chapter of
the American Marketing Association.

Brenda Suit, chief financial officer of T. R. Hughes Inc., was named to receive
the 2005 Dove Award for Career/Business Achievement by St. Charles Business
Magazine.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 4, 2005



CORRECTION: Clarkson Eyecare won't be the exclusive source in St. Louis for Nike
Max-sight contact lenses. An item in the Business Bulletin Board on July 15 was
incorrect.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - Suit

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     August 11, 1997, Monday, ALL EDITIONS

EDUCATION BRIEFS;
Six named to Reinhardt lists

BYLINE: Compiled by staff writer Chaundra Frierson.

SECTION: EXTRA; Pg. 04J

LENGTH: 962 words


Six Gwinnett County residents were named to the dean's and merit lists at
Reinhardt College in Waleska, Ga.

The dean's list students are Donna Jackson, Dacula; Jessica Runaldue, Sugar
Hill; and Brian Vaughn, Buford.

The merit list students are Valorie Deel, Duluth; Zachary White, Lilburn; and
Miranda Yaggi, Grayson.

To qualify for the dean's list students must earn at least a 3.6 grade-point
average while enrolled in at least 15 academic hours and receive no grade less
than B. To qualify for the merit list students must earn at least a 3.6
grade-point average while enrolled in at least 10 academic quarter hours.

RECEIVES DEGREE: Kennon Scott Coe, son of Robin Scott Coe of Norcross and
Kenneth Coe of Columbus, received an associate degree at Young Harris College in
Young Harris, Ga.

UGA DEAN'S LIST: Erin Rae Brown, daughter of Winston and Nancy Brown of Grayson,
was named to the dean's list at the University of Georgia in Athens.

SOFTBALL SCHOLARS: Two Gwinnett County residents were awarded college
scholarships from AT&T Wireless Services at a Georgia Pride Women's Pro
Fastpitch softball game. They are: Brook Hall, North Gwinnett High graduate; and
Kasi Whitaker, South Gwinnett High graduate.

The scholarships were given for academic and sports accomplishments and were
presented in conjunction with the Atlanta Amateur Softball Association, which
nominated the athletes.

SUZUKI CONCERT: Suzuki violin teacher Mary Alice Rhodes led several students in
an impromptu concert at Lilburn City Park during their annual Mississippi Hot
Dog party. The participants were: Mark Barnhill, Shelby Vecchio, Tatum Vecchio,
Josie Huff, Cully Mason, Ray Wilson, Julia Parker, Olivia Pike, Kaitlin Jones,
David Kim, Alex DeFreese, Darryl DeFreese and Taera DeFreese.

KEYBOARD CAMP: Four Gwinnett residents attended the Shorter College Summer
Keyboard Exploration Camp in June. They are: Berkmar High junior Elizabeth
Barrett, daughter of Don and Kathy Barrett of Lawrenceville; Parkview junior
Carter McMullen, son of Bob and Connie McMullen of Lilburn; St. Pius sophomore
Pauline Pellicer, daughter of Manny and Theresa Pellicer of Lawrenceville; and
Chad Turner, son of David and Rhonda Turner of Lithonia.

MEDICAL ALERT TRAINING: Meadowcreek High teacher Barbara Lotter of Lawrenceville
participated along with 50 Atlanta area teachers in Teachers Medical Alert at
Scottish Rite Children's Medical Center. Teachers Medical Alert prepares
teachers for classroom medical issues and emergencies and involves 10 days of
physician lectures, skill stations and classroom projects, ranging from major
first aid to handling students with disabilities.

ORIENTATION COMPLETED: Sixteen Gwinnett County residents completed a new student
orientation at Berry College in Mount Berry, Ga., which familiarized them with
the campus, curriculum and student activities. Participants met with student
body leaders, faculty, administrators and academic advisors.

They are: Jennifer Brown, Autumn Ginn, Matthew Gross, Benjamin Isaac Hartman,
Jill Hezlep, Douglas Hoffman, Edward K. Navan and Holly M. O'Neal, Lilburn;
Katherine H. Gilbert and Beverly Gordon Yeiser III, Lithonia; Carla Elaine Fort,
Lawrenceville; James A. Hallewell, Kimberly K. Kreyling, Matthew S. Montgomery
and Adam J. Van Meter, Snellville; Scott G. Dershimer, Norcross.

HARVARD GRADUATE: Michele Manahan, daughter of Charles and Annajean Manahan of
Peachtree Corners, graduated summa cum laude and received a bachelor's degree in
biology from Harvard University in Cambridge, Mass.

KENYON COLLEGE HONORS: Andrew D. Lebkuecher, son of Catherine and Andrew
Lebkuecher of Sugar Hill, was named to the merit list at Kenyon College in
Gambier, Ohio.

To qualify, students must earn at least a 3.45 grade-point average.

GRADUATES WITH HONORS: Elizabeth Perry of Buford graduated summa cum laude and
received a bachelor's degree and departmental honors in economics and
international relations from Randolph-Macon Woman's College in Lynchburg, Va.
She was awarded The Wall Street Journal Award for excellence in economics and
studied abroad at the University of Reading in England. She was named Phi Beta
Kappa and also received the Mary Lee Tillette Memorial Scholarship, which is
awarded to a sophomore student who has a distinguished academic career and has
contributed to the life of the college.

LAGRANGE SCHOLAR: Ashanti Gardner, daughter of Perry and Shirley Gardner of
Duluth, was recognized as a LaGrange College Research Scholar at LaGrange
College's Honor's Day.

SENIOR AWARD: Deanna Heard, daughter of Steve and Toby Heard of Lawrenceville,
received the Outstanding Graduating Senior Award from the Computer Science
Department at LaGrange College's Honors Day. She was also named a LaGrange
College Research Scholar and to Omicron Delta Kappa, an honor society that
recognizes leadership and academic excellence.

WAKE FOREST GRADUATE: Theodore McKinley Turner III, son of Sheila and Ted Turner
of Norcross, graduated cum laude and received a bachelor's degree in business
and accounting from Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, N.C.

EDUCATIONAL GRANT: John Quentin Buquoi III of Lawrenceville was awarded an
educational grant from Instrumentation Laboratory Co. in Lexington, Mass.

OUTSTANDING STUDENT: Kennesaw State University senior Todd Caras of Norcross was
named outstanding student for the 1996-97 academic year by Pi Sigma Alpha
national political science honor society.

CLEMSON DEAN'S LIST: Andrea Casto, daughter of Phil and Rebecca Casto of
Lilburn, was named to the dean's list at Clemson University in Clemson, S.C.

FURMAN DEAN'S LIST: Brittany L. Williams of Duluth was named to the dean's list
at Furman University in Greenville, S.C.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           September 6, 2005 Tuesday

Picnickers worry about labor's future;
Annual event draws 2,500 union supporters

BYLINE: BY PRATIK JOSHI; Pioneer Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 507 words


Striking Northwest Airlines mechanic Paul Thorsen thinks the labor movement is
in flux.

A global economy, technological innovations and cheap overseas labor are forcing
U.S. labor unions to rethink their priorities; the debate about labor's future
recently was fueled by a split in the AFL-CIO, the nation's largest federation
of unions.

Changes such as those are coming fast, Thorsen said, and "I don't know where
it's going to end."

Thorsen's concern about the future -- and about jobs and job security -- was
shared by many at the annual Labor Day picnic, sponsored by the St. Paul Area
Trades and Labor Assembly.

The picnic, a 20-year tradition, drew an estimated 2,500 labor supporters to
Harriet Island in St. Paul for a day of reflection, celebration and solidarity,
boosted by the presence of "A Prairie Home Companion" host and author Garrison
Keillor.

Frank and Janet Rog of Roseville contended that apathy and surrender to
big-business interests are harming the labor movement. Frank Rog, a former
Roseville mayor, said low-wage jobs created by American corporations in foreign
countries will become counterproductive for workers there.

Meanwhile, the standard of living in America is declining, said Diane O'Brien,
communications director for the Minnesota AFL-CIO. "Pension and health benefits
seem less secure," O'Brien said. The solution is to agitate, organize and
educate workers and community members about outsourcing and livable-wage issues,
O'Brien said.

Speaker Greg LeRoy praised Minnesota for being the first of 12 states to have
adopted laws requiring annual, company-specific disclosure of
economic-development subsidy deals.

LeRoy, executive director of Washington-based nonprofit Good Jobs First and
author of "The Great American JobsScam: Corporate Tax Dodging and the Myth of
Job Creation," contended that many corporations accept public subsidies on the
promise of providing jobs -- but often renege on their promise. He called it a
carefully orchestrated scam.

Dekran and Jennifer Baltaian recently moved to Oakdale from Atlanta. Minnesota
is labor-friendly compared with the South, where "union" is a dirty word,
Jennifer Baltaian said.

Baltaian, a member of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal
Employees, said she paid $650 a month for health insurance at her non-union job
with a private security firm in Atlanta. To them, the trend of declining union
membership needs to be reversed -- and workers need to organize -- in order to
provide universal health care, livable wages and pensions.

The strength of unions is cyclical, said Dustin Denison, chairman of the Members
First Initiative, an advocacy group for Sheet Metal Workers Local 10, which
represents workers in Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota and western
Wisconsin. The initiative aims to strengthen the labor movement from the ground
up by promoting internal discussion and active involvement of its members.

"Labor is in a rebound," he said.

Pratik Joshi can be reached at pjoshi@pioneerpress.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           November 8, 2006 Wednesday

HEALTH SCENE

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 582 words


Health Scene includes free and low-cost East Bay classes, screenings and events.
Submit items by noon Tuesday for publication the following week. Include a
daytime phone number readers may call. Address items to: Times Health Scene,
P.O. Box 8099, Walnut Creek, CA 94596.

BLOOD DRIVES

American Red Cross, Northern California Blood Services Region -- Bay Point:
noon-6 p.m., Nov. 10. Bay Point Pittsburg Baptist Church, 2586 Willow Pass Road.
800-448-3543, www.beadonor.com, code: BPRA. Concord: 8 a.m.-2 p.m. Nov. 14. Bank
of America Tech Center, Building A Conference Room, 1655 Grant St., Concord.
Appointments: Anne, 925-675-4741, www.beadonor.com, code: BOA84TECH.

Note: Contra Costa Blood Center is open Mondays-Saturdays at 140 Gregory Lane,
Pleasant Hill. To schedule an appointment, call 800-448-3543.

EDUCATION

A Workshop for Couples Affected by Cancer -- 6-8 p.m. Nov. 14. The Wellness
Community, 3276 McNutt Ave., Walnut Creek. Free. Reservations required.
925-933-0107.

Panic & Anxiety Program -- Noon-1 p.m. Mondays and 6:30-7:30 p.m. Wednesdays in
Walnut Creek. Call for location. Director: Judy Schiffman, 732-940-9658.

Preventing Falls -- 1-2:30 p.m. Nov. 14. Alta Bates Summit Medical Center,
Herrick Campus, 2001 Dwight Way, Berkeley. 510-204-4503.

EVENTS

Health Medicine Forum Event on Type II Diabetes -- 6-9:30 p.m. Nov. 10.
Lafayette Veterans Hall, 3780 Mt. Diablo Blvd. 925-210-7414.
www.healthmedicine.org.

FLU

Flu Shot Clinics -- Sutter Visiting Nurse Association (VNA) & Hospice offers flu
shots and pneumonia shots at convenient local sites, in November and December.
Locations and schedule. Antioch: 10 a.m.-noon Nov. 15, Sutter Delta Medical
Center, 3901 Lone Tree Way. Concord: 8:15 a.m.-12:15 p.m. Nov. 12, Queen of All
Saints Church, 2390 Grant St.; 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Nov. 18, Navlet's Garden Center,
1555 Kirker Pass Road. Danville: 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Nov. 11, Andronico's, 345
Railroad Ave. Martinez: 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Nov. 18, Navlet's Garden Center, 6740
Alhambra Ave. Moraga: 8:15 a.m.-noon Nov. 12, St. Monica Church, 1001 Camino
Pablo. Pleasant Hill: 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Nov. 18, Navlet's Garden Center, 2895
Contra Costa Blvd. Walnut Creek: 11 a.m.-3 p.m. Nov. 9, Andronico's, 1181 Locust
St.; 8:45 a.m.-noon Nov. 19, St. John Vianney Church, 1650 Ygnacio Valley Road.
$25 flu; $35 pneumonia. 800-500-2400, http://www.suttervna.org/
services/services_flushot.html.

MISCELLANEOUS

Healthcare Solution: California OneCare -- 7:30 p.m. Nov. 9. Acalanes High
School, Room 301, 1200 Pleasant Hill Road, Lafayette. 925-962-0379.

A Meeting for Eating Disorders -- 10 a.m.-noon. Saturdays. Casa Serena, 1868
Clayton Road, Suite 123, Concord. 925-682-8252.

The Diagnosis of Cancer -- 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m. second and fourth Tuesdays monthly.
A professionally led group addresses issues of recovery, celebrating
survivorship and relating to others in a supportive and therapeutic manner. 450
30th St., Peralta Pavilion, Suite 2810, Oakland. Free. Registration:
510-869-8833, www.healthybreasts.info.

SCREENINGS

Blood Pressure -- 10 a.m. -noon. third Wednesday monthly. John Muir Medical
Center, Concord Campus. 2540 East St., Concord. Free. 925-674-2586.

Blood Pressure -- 10-11:30 a.m. third Thursday monthly. Contra Costa Jewish
Community Center, 2071 Tice Valley Blvd., Walnut Creek. Free. 925-674-2586.

HIV Testing -- Contra Costa Health Services is offering HIV testing and
counseling services in several cities throughout the county. Locations and
schedule: 925-313-6771, www.cchealth.org.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                            August 3, 2006 Thursday

Names & faces

SECTION: D; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1382 words


Lauren Barneswas the Wilkes-Barre Academy, class of 2006, valedictorian, an
honor achieved by maintaining an overall middle school (sixth through eighth
grades) average of 98 percent. Barnes is the daughter of John and Marcia Barnes,
Mountain Top.

Kate Ashley Bender, a graduate of Crestwood High School in Wright Township,
earned an American Chemical Society-certified Bachelor of Science degree at
Albright College, Reading. Bender was a recipient of the following scholarships:
Jacob Albright, Brillhart Woodring Memorial and the National Honor Society. She
completed a chemistry internship at Schenectady International Inc., New York
City, and was inducted into Phi Delta Sigma.

Steven M. Cardillo, a student at Boston College, is doing a summer internship
with SEI Investments, Philadelphia. A student of the Carroll School of
Management Honors Program, Cardillo was named to the dean's list and had
participated in a 16-day program in Europe exploring the financial
infrastructure of many cities, including Milan, Zurich, Strasbourg and Paris. He
is the son of Thomas and Melanie Cardillo, Shavertown.
Gernhart
Bender
Bigus
Cardillo
Devine
Dolon
Evans-McMahon
Gross
Barnes
Poplawski
Aboh

Mary P. Dolon, Hazleton, will participate in the National Institute for
Leadership Development, LEADERS program, an international program for
administrators and faculty in higher education. Dolon is the grants
specialist/writer at Luzerne County Community College, Nanticoke. The yearlong
program, designed to enhance the skills participants need to assume major
decision-making roles in their institutions, includes institutional practice in
supervisory and human-relations skills, planning and budgeting, and
organizational transformation as well as discussions with national experts on
the issues confronting higher education during the next decade.

David Gernhart from Coughlin High School in Wilkes-Barre has won two awards from
the U.S. Achievement Academy: All-American Scholar At-Large Award and U.S.
National Honor Student Award. His name will appear in the U.S. Achievement
Academy Official Yearbook and All-American Scholar Official Yearbook. Criteria
for selection for the All-American Scholar At-Large Award include grade-point
average, student achievements and a well-balanced schedule of academics and
extracurricular activities; U.S. National Honor Student Award is based on
academic achievements. Gernhart is the son of Vernon and Ann Gernhart, Plains
Township.

Janelle Evans-McMahon graduated with a medical doctor degree from Tufts
University, Boston. She has accepted a position at the University of
Massachusetts Medical Center, Worcester. Evans-McMahon has served rotations at
New England Medical Center, Lahey Clinic Medical Center, Massachusetts Medical
Center and the University of Pennsylvania and rotated general medicine
experience through InterHealth South America, Quito, Equator, which connects
medical students with South American clinics to deliver health care to low
social economic citizens. She is the daughter of Lee and Maureen Evans, Forty
Fort, and Diane and Albert Aston, Portland, Maine.

Rachel Grossfrom Bishop O'Reilly Junior High School, Kingston, was awarded first
place in the junior high division of the Diocesan Council of Catholic Men's
essay contest. The theme was "What it Takes to be a Saint." Gross is the
daughter of Kathleen Gross, West Pittston.

David M. Payne Jr., director of PNC Capital Markets and vice chairman of the
Greater Wilkes-Barre Chamber of Commerce, will be the keynote speaker at College
Misericordia's annual convocation ceremony at 2 p.m. Aug. 27 at the Wachovia
Amphitheater on the Dallas Township campus. Payne is a director of PNC's
Government Group, and on the board of directors of Volunteers of
American-Pennsylvania, Greater Wilkes-Barre Chamber of Business and Industry and
Penn State Wilkes-Barre, Leadership Wilkes-Barre, Wilkes-Barre Housing Authority
and the Ethics Institute of Northeastern Pennsylvania. Convocation is the
official start of the academic year at College Misericordia. Payne will speak to
faculty, staff and the 320 members of the freshman class who will move into
residence halls that morning.

Alyson Piatt earned a Bachelor of Science degree in elementary education and
early childhood education from Grove City College. A graduate of Lake-Lehman
Junior-Senior High School, Lehman Township, Piatt is the daughter of Lee and
Meryth Piatt, Dallas.

Kevin W. Poplawski, Plains Township, graduated from Temple University with a
doctoral degree in physical therapy. He has accepted a position as the senior
physical therapist in sports medicine at University of North Carolina Hospital
at Chapel Hill. A 1998 graduate of College Misericordia in Dallas Township,
Poplawski has been a licensed physical therapist on the staff of the John Heinz
Spine and Sports Medicine Clinic for the past seven years. He is the son of
Pearleen and Walter Poplawski, Kingston.

Samantha Speziale, a Pittston resident and speech pathology major at East
Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania, was awarded a scholarship for the
2006-2007 academic year by the East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania
Parents Association. Scholarships are awarded annually to students who have
maintained at least 2.5 quality-point averages. Special attention is given to
involvement to campus, community service, extraordinary circumstances and
academic performance.

Jennifer Sacui of Drums, Ryan Jastremsky of Freeland, Traci Boehret of
Wapwallopen and Kristen Allardyce of Dallaswere recently inducted into the Beta
Gamma Sigma, College of Business Honor Society, at Bloomsburg University of
Pennsylvania. Inductees are in the top seven percent of the junior class, top 10
percent of the senior class or top 20 percent of the master degree programs at
schools accredited by AACSB International, Association to Advance Collegiate
Schools of Business. Sacui is majoring in finance. Jastremsky is a May graduate
with a degree in accounting. Boehret is an accounting major. Allardyce is
majoring in marketing.

Michael J. Sileski from Widener University School of Law received the Reed
Hamilton Memorial Award, given to a graduate who demonstrates excellence and a
strong interest in the area of health law. A graduate of Wyoming Valley West
High School in Plymouth, Sileski is the son of John and Jane Sileski, Kingston.
He has accepted the position of judicial law clerk to presiding civil Judge Paul
Koenig, Trenton, N.J.

Angela Smithfrom Greater Nanticoke Area High School was selected for membership
in the National Society of High School Scholars. The society invites only
students who have achieved superior academic excellence. Smith is the daughter
of Suzanne Smith, Nanticoke.

Austin David Williams is participating in the Hackman Scholars Program at
Franklin & Marshall College. The program provided students with specialized
summer opportunities to conduct individual research projects with faculty
members. A rising senior biochemistry and molecular biology major, Williams is
working on a project titled "Analysis of Embryonic Heart Development in the
Ts65Dn Mouse Model for Down Syndrome." Williams is a 2003 graduate of
Lake-Lehman Junior-Senior High School and the son of N. Susan and David
Williams, Hunlock Creek.

Sister Ogechukwu Aboh of Dallas and Patricia Ann Bigusof Wilkes-Barre were
presented the Alpha Delta Mu Award during College Misericordia's annual Honors
Awards Banquet. The award is given to students having the highest grade-point
average(s) in social work. Sister Aboh and Bigus graduated summa cum laude in
May from Misericordia with bachelor's degrees in social work.

Cara Devineof Kingston was presented the Fine Arts Award during College
Misericordia's annual Honors Awards Banquet. The award goes to a graduating
senior who excels in any of the nonliterary fine arts and demonstrates a high
level of academic achievement. Devine graduated cum laude in May from
Misericordia with a bachelor's degree in special education.

Kerri Licataof Mountain Top recently graduated from Duquesne University with a
doctorate degree in pharmacy. Licata is a 2000 graduate of Crestwood High
School, Wright Township, and is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Licata of
Mountain Top. She has accepted a position with CVS Pharmacies in Arizona.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                             October 3, 2008 Friday

The $375-Billion Question: Why Does College Cost So Much?

BYLINE: GOLDIE BLUMENSTYK

SECTION: MONEY & MANAGEMENT; Pg. 1 Vol. 55 No. 6

LENGTH: 2336 words


From the halls of Congress to the kitchen tables of American families, that
long-simmering complaint -- Why does college cost so much? -- is getting louder
and more urgent.

As a slew of recent reports, public forums, and growing media interest suggest,
the rising cost of college looms larger and larger as a personal and national
concern.

The sticker shock could also become a factor at the ballot box. A poll of likely
voters commissioned by the National Education Association and released two weeks
ago showed that 70 percent of parents and 65 percent of students said making
college affordable was an important issue for them in the fall election.

Certainly the Wall Street convulsions and housing-market turmoil now
reverberating through the economy are doing little to ease people's
apprehension.

"The public is really restive about this," says Patrick M. Callan, president of
the National Center for Public Policy and Higher Education, who notes that for
more than 10 years, percentage increases in college costs have far exceeded
those in housing, transportation, even health care. Family incomes, for the most
part, haven't kept pace.

Even before the recessionary slide, concerns about college affordability had
risen to new heights. In May 2007, polling by Public Agenda for the center found
that 62 percent of Americans believed that many well-qualified students did not
have an opportunity to get a higher education. It was the highest proportion
since the polling began, in 1993. "Today that number might well be higher," said
the center, in an August report.

The problem looks even worse from the bottom of the economic ladder. According
to a forthcoming report from the center, the cost of tuition, room, and board at
a four-year public college, even after taking into account financial aid, was
equivalent to 55 percent of the household income of the poorest 10 percent of
American families in 2007, compared with 39 percent in 2000.

Scarier still, if the rising-tuition and family-income-stagnation trends of the
past 10 years continue, by 2036 the cost of tuition and fees at the most
expensive public research universities will amount to more than 28 percent of
the median family income, and at expensive private universities, more than 98
percent, according to the National Association of State Colleges and Land-Grant
Universities.

Even now, when a few private colleges will soon charge as much for tuition,
room, and board -- $50,000 -- as the nation's median annual family income, it is
hardly just the neediest parents and students who are worried about how they
will afford college.

"It's daunting," says Aidan P. McAvinchey, a hospitality-industry consultant
from Andover, Mass., who has a daughter in college and two other children in
high school.

For his daughter, a sophomore at Suffolk University, a private institution in
Boston, he obtained a $5,000 federally subsidized student loan and tapped into
his home-equity line. He is not sure how he will pay for the next two children.
Still, with his own income and some chipping in from his wife, who works in
financial services, Mr. McAvinchey knows that he is more fortunate than most:
"We were lucky that we were able to get credit. How do other people cope?"

More Than Meets the Checkbook

But for Mr. McAvinchey and millions of other parents growing more anxious,
frustrated, even scared about their ability to pay for college, the answers to
this seemingly simple question about why college costs so much are damnably
complex.

Indeed, even the question itself is more intricate than it appears to be. Is the
problem one of growing costs to students, or higher operating expenses for
institutions?

Actually, it's both, and they are related.

And if price is the problem, which price? The stated price in the catalog, which
very few students actually fork over, or the actual, lower costs that most
students end up paying, thanks to student aid?

Here too, it is both, because at all but the wealthiest institutions, student
aid relies on a fragile financial model of "tuition discounting" -- using some
of the tuition dollars from students paying full freight to subsidize the
tuition of others -- which typically drives tuition prices higher.

If the questions are hard, the answers are even knottier. And all too often in
the public debate, they are tinged with misrepresentations, miscalculations, and
myths.

Over the next several months, The Chronicle will explore the fault lines of this
complex issue.

No one who understands even a little about the topic believes that the problem
is easily resolvable.

The many forces and factors driving costs and prices in higher education --
shifting priorities in the states that leave holes in public colleges' budgets,
growing demands for student aid from financially needier pools of students, big
ambitions for research that come with hefty price tags -- are, in many cases,
uncontrollable.

Still, America's higher-education enterprise -- which in terms of colleges'
spending has become a $375-billion industry -- is, as even its most ardent
defenders are beginning to acknowledge, anything but a model of efficiency or
frugality. It is often needlessly duplicative, overly reliant on outdated
approaches to teaching and management, maddeningly slow in adapting technology
to save money, and notoriously, even proudly, resistant to change.

The Chronicle will look at societal and economic trends as well as at some of
the more noble and ignoble traits of the sector -- ego, competitiveness, envy --
that also play a role in setting the bottom line for colleges and their
students.

2 Truths

We begin with two important truths: The problem is real, but it isn't nearly as
bad as the general public perceives it to be. The problem also is no longer
nearly as dismissible as many higher-education and policy leaders have let it
become.

Why not as bad? That's simple. Millions attend college where the prices are
hardly stratospheric. Of the more than 18 million students enrolled in nonprofit
colleges, 40 percent attend public two-year institutions where tuition and fees
average less than $2,400 a year, and another 40 percent attend public four-year
colleges where the average in-state tuition and fees run $6,185. Last year 79
percent of all full-time undergraduates attended colleges where tuition and fees
fell below $9,000.

Take Ball State University, a public institution in Indiana, where four years of
tuition and fees for a bachelor's degree run about $30,000. That's "less than a
good car," notes the president, Jo Ann M. Gora, and it "prepares you for the
rest of your lifetime."

Even with that, she notes, about 80 percent of Ball State's students receive
financial aid.

The college-cost debate, which focuses so heavily on expensive colleges, "makes
me slightly crazy," Ms. Gora says.

Leaders of expensive and not-so-expensive private colleges are frustrated, too.

According to a new analysis, private colleges have significantly upped their
spending on student aid. The amount of aid provided by private colleges from
their own resources grew by 173 percent in inflation-adjusted dollars from 1996
to 2006, says the National Association of Independent Colleges and Universities,
which represents nearly 1,000 private institutions. That increase far outpaced
the rate of growth in tuition and fees at private institutions, as well as at
public colleges, which grew by 34 percent and 52 percent, respectively, during
the same time.

But critics say an unhealthy portion of that aid, along with some of the
student-aid money that states provide, is going to middle-class students, who
don't need it as much as needy students do. And as more college-aged kids come
from poor families in coming years, the demand for aid will only increase,
placing greater strains on college budgets. That, in turn, will increase
pressure to raise tuition.

And on it goes.

What's more, despite the rise in student-aid spending, students themselves are
going deeper into debt to pay for college.

According to the Project on Student Debt, a nonprofit advocacy group, more than
two-thirds of students at four-year colleges carry student-loan debt by the time
they graduate. In 1993 fewer than half such students had student loans.

The amount of that debt is rising as well. In 1993 students who graduated with
loans carried an average debt of $9,250. By 2007 that debt had risen to almost
$22,000, an increase of 63 percent even after adjusting for inflation.

"What's bad about that is that that's the average," says Robert M. Shireman,
executive director of the three-year-old group, noting that for many students,
actual indebtedness is much higher and often dictates the kinds of jobs they can
afford to take after they graduate and how soon they can afford homes of their
own.

"It has been too easy to just throw higher education's apparent need for more
money on the backs of students," he says.

Straining Students

That analysis is on the mark, but it describes only part of the problem.

Colleges rely more than ever on tuition dollars to cover their costs, says the
Delta Project on Postsecondary Education Costs, Productivity, and
Accountability.

That's not primarily because colleges are spending more per student, but because
subsidies, the other sources of revenue that colleges depend on to make up the
difference between what students pay and what it actually costs to educate them,
are declining in proportion to overall costs.

Those subsidies, whether in the form of state funds, private donations, or
earnings from endowments, range greatly, depending upon the institution. They
are the reason that for all colleges, even the sticker price is a bit of a
fiction.

The growing reliance on tuition is particularly acute for public colleges, where
revenues from subsidies are shrinking.

"Unless subsidies increase and/or costs decrease, tuition will continue to
rise," said a recent report from the Delta Project, which is financed by Jobs
for the Future and the Lumina Foundation for Education.

In fact, state and local financing of public colleges, across the board, has
grown. But so has the number of students at public colleges. As a result,
per-student spending actually declined by nearly 8 percent in the five years
after 2002.

In many states, lawmakers often blame their inability to provide more money to
colleges on the need to provide funds for things like prisons and Medicaid. And
that's a valid point. But advocates of higher education grumble that lawmakers'
unwillingness to raise taxes has also been a factor in public colleges' falling
behind in many states.

The next few years are unlikely to bring much change. As the State Higher
Education Executive Officers has noted, state support for higher education has
declined in every recession, and "current economic indicators do not give much
room for optimism."

That prediction came in early 2008. Since then, prospects for states' coming to
colleges' rescue have grown even dimmer.

For public and private colleges, a down economy means fewer and smaller
donations and lower endowment returns. Meanwhile, more students will be coming
to college with a greater need for aid.

Even the wealthiest institutions are worried. "All the revenue sources are going
to be challenged," says David S. Clay, treasurer at Grinnell College, which
boasts one of the largest endowments per student, nearly $1.1-million.

New Watchword: Productivity

With few prospects for improving subsidies, pressure is mounting for action on
the equation's other crucial variable: costs.

Congress, where lawmakers like Sen. Charles E. Grassley, a Republican from Iowa,
and Rep. Peter Welch, a Democrat from Vermont, have led the discussion, is just
one source of this pressure. (See excerpts from an interview with Mr. Welch, at
left.) The coming federal "watch list" of colleges that raise their tuition
rapidly, created as part of the recently reauthorized Higher Education Act,
could become another point of pressure.

This month the Lumina Foundation is expected to lend its clout to the debate
with a series of grants to a wide range of organizations -- some notable for
their critiques of higher education -- with the aim of promoting college
productivity.

And increasingly, college leaders themselves are calling for reform. As one of
them recently expressed to colleagues privately, the political and public
pressure may be hitting "a rebellion point."

"It's time for a collective and serious conversation on how we can contain our
costs," adds another, Anthony W. Marx, president of Amherst College. He was one
of several college leaders who spoke about college costs at a Congressional
round-table discussion in September.

But it's not just politicians' reactions that campus leaders are worried about.
Some see how market economics have altered the health-care industry, which, like
higher education, is labor-intensive, employs highly educated people, and is
criticized for being too expensive. They worry that unless they seize the
momentum themselves, the same forces that brought us managed care could herald
an era of "managed higher education."

As John Immerwahr, a professor of philosophy at Villanova University and a
senior research fellow at Public Agenda, puts it, "Some 23-year-old accountant
could be telling us how many people are in our classrooms."

The analogy goes even further. Just as families need affordable health care,
they increasingly see a college education as "incredibly important" to their
future and that of their children, he says. So as college seems to be more out
of reach, their anxiety is nearing the boiling point.

Over his 14 years of looking at polling and focus-group data, Mr. Immerwahr says
he senses an "angrier mood" over college costs. Families may be less upset about
college than they are about health care, he says, only because they still see
safety valves in the higher-education system, things like community colleges and
part-time programs at four-year colleges.

Those options keep access to college in sight, he says. "Otherwise people would
be going nuts."

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            January 28, 2011 Friday

Letters

SECTION: NEWS; Letters; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1417 words


Alert authorities to doctors with improper fees

I refer to the report ("Health voucher rethink after abuse by doctors", January
17) on the health care vouchers scheme.

You said  "a person familiar with the scheme" had accused some doctors
participating in  it of inappropriate charging.

Your source said that because doctors had raised fees for patients who use the
vouchers "the elderly cannot fully benefit from the government subsidy ... the
vouchers are effectively shared between the patients and doctors".

There is no ground for the criticism that the medical profession raised  its
fees for patients using these vouchers.

The Hong Kong Medical Association is unaware of any evidence to show any doctor
acting as alleged in the report. We are also unaware of any statistics or  study
on this matter by the government or  any non-governmental organisations.

Sporadic cases within the line of work certainly cannot be generalised to
encompass the entire profession. After all, to determine whether the alleged
actions were lawful and ethical, careful investigations would be needed.

If the person you quoted finds it necessary to do so, he or she should refer the
relevant cases to the police or the Medical Council for further action. It would
be unfair to the elderly for the government to refuse to raise the fee for the
health care vouchers by using  the alleged problem as an excuse.

An additional point about the statistics on the use of the voucher scheme is
that there are intrinsic problems in the design of the system. Only one option
can be chosen as the purpose of the use of vouchers  at each consultation.

However,  each general practice or family medicine consultation usually includes
management of acute problems, counselling, screening and health care preventive
education.

The statistics collected from this faulty design cannot be used to evaluate the
use of the vouchers, and the purpose of the collection of such statistics has
never been stated.

Members of the Medical Association have had feedback from patients. They
complain that it is very difficult to be seen nowadays in general outpatient
clinics, even if they queue up early in the morning, when they develop acute
respiratory problems, fever, dizziness or pain.

It is equally difficult for them to get an appointment the same day for their
acute illness using the phone appointment system.

The voucher scheme should be there to help  elderly patients to deal with their
health problems when they need that help.

Dr Aaron Lee Fook-kay, honorary secretary,  Hong Kong Medical Association

There's no end to appeasement

I suggest  that Brad Williams ("Japan should concede the Diaoyus to China",
January 24)   read a few detailed histories of the appeasement of Germany in the
1930s, particularly the concession of Czechoslovakia to Hitler.

Giving in to China's questionable demands would only increase its appetite for
more unwarranted gifts, particularly since Japan has exercised sovereignty over
the Senkakus [as the Diaoyus are known in Japan] for more than a century.

L. M. S. Valerio, Tin Hau

Conduit Road is unrecognisable

Whatever happened to the Conduit Road that I knew when I lived there in 1955?

In those days it resembled a country lane, with barking deer occasionally
calling from The Peak. There were beautiful old-world mansions, some with tennis
courts, in Conduit Road and elsewhere in the Mid-Levels.

The district had character.

By contrast, that same road has been continuously dug up in two or three places
for the past  20 years. Today there is only one pre-second-world-war building.

Given the slightest opportunity, buildings are demolished and rebuilt.

The aim  is always higher and higher density, resulting in greater traffic
congestion.

The lack of parking spaces means more vehicles are parked outside on the
footpath.

We now have  39 Conduit Road comprising (so they say) the most expensive flats
in the world.

The top floor is said to be "Lucky 88".

The Icon, at 38 Conduit Road, is another building much in the news lately for
dubious management. Indeed, changes over the past half-century in Conduit Road
never cease to surprise.

But, of course, if you cannot stomach change, Hong Kong is not the place to be.

One wonders what further changes will take place by 2047, when "one country, two
systems" will cease to apply.

Dan Waters, Mid-Levels

Protect airport cargo business

Hong Kong airport holds the distinction of having the world's largest cargo
throughput - but it has enjoyed little support from the government.

The administration has now  stood by and watched as express [transport giants]
FedEx and UPS   established  their Asian hubs in Guangzhou and Shenzhen
respectively.

No  action  was taken by the government to try to attract these players  to
operate at Chek Lap Kok,  which could easily have accommodated these companies.

With migrant workers'  salaries going up rapidly and the sources of our freight
already losing out to the  Yangtze River  Delta (and now the inner west), Hong
Kong's air cargo industry  now urgently needs the government's strong support.

S. Yam, Hung Hom

Public's views important

I refer to the letter by Jennifer Eagleton ("Top official not at meeting",
January 25).

We want to emphasise that the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region government
places  a great deal of importance on public views concerning constitutional
development.

It was on this basis that we put forth the 2012 constitutional development
package embracing the "one person, two votes" formula, whereby all registered
voters henceforth will have a vote in the geographical constituencies and
another vote in the functional constituencies.

Accordingly, 3.2 million registered voters who  have not had a vote in the
functional constituencies will return five elected district councillors in 2012
to the Legislative Council.

This package received broad support among the public when it was passed last
year.

As to the public hearing held in the Legislative Council on January 15, the
permanent secretary and the undersecretary of the Constitutional and Mainland
Affairs Bureau  took turns to listen to the views of the deputations. This
signified the importance  that the bureau attached to the occasion.

We hope that the scrutiny of the bills by the Legislative Council can be
completed in the weeks ahead and that the legislation can be enacted at an early
date.

Ivanhoe Chang, for secretary for constitutional and mainland affairs

Tutors distort education

In the past, the aim of education was to impart knowledge to students so they
could develop their talents and their own unique personalities.

It was hoped they would grow up to be morally upstanding, responsible and
respectful. Yet the goals seem to have changed, and now it is about  getting
good exam results while ignoring whole-person development.

I think this change is due to the growing trend of  tutorial classes and their
celebrity tutors.  They have successfully turned education into a commodity.

Society now appears to equate success with good results. Students seek the
skills needed to do well in exams rather than engage in the genuine pursuit of
knowledge.  They rely too much on these tutors. If they continue to do this,
they will  gradually lose the ability to think critically and analyse ideas.

I hope parents and students  will wake up and realise what education should mean
to them.

Oprah Liu, Kwun Tong

Missing English programmes

What is happening with English-language programming at ATV and TVB these days?

Tune in to ATV World or TVB Pearl during the day, especially at weekends and
public holidays, and you will be lucky to catch anything in English.

I understand they are allowed to switch to a certain number of hours of
non-English content per day, but is anyone in the government actually monitoring
them?  It seems to me there is something seriously wrong.

ATV, in particular, seems to  be ignoring its duty to thousands of viewers who
don't understand Chinese.

Between 8pm and 10pm, I have often  seen random programmes  from the Chinese
channel  repeated on the English channel with subtitles or dubbed voices.

These include variety, entertainment and chat shows as well as news features
obviously aimed at Chinese-speaking audiences.

How does this qualify as English-language programming?

Does this comply with the licensing contract signed by ATV? If not, then does
the government know about this?

What a sad state of affairs in this so-called "world city".

Den Lama, Central

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Henderson Land's 39 Conduit Road (centre). Photo: Sam Tsang

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                    November 23, 2000 Thursday FINAL EDITION

READER DONATIONS MAKE BIG DIFFERENCE;
* SHARE THE SPIRIT DONATIONS, ALLOTTED TO PARKSIDE ALLIANCE IN PITTSBURG HELPED
SIX
FAMILIES THIS YEAR

BYLINE: Sarah Rohrs

SECTION: NEWS; Share the Spirit; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 724 words

DATELINE: PITTSBURG


PITTSBURG Sometimes it's a small thing that can make so much difference.

For Ruth Angeles of Concord, that small thing was the ability to go out and buy
her 14-year-old son a new pair of gym shoes.

Her boy's old shoes were falling apart, but for his birthday in September he got
new ones to wear to school.

Angeles wasn't the only parent who got the chance to give one of her children a
new pair of shoes this year.

Thanks to reader donations made last year to the Contra Costa Times' Share the
Spirit Fund, a holiday fund-raising campaign, six families with a total of 20
children were able to receive a pair of new shoes sometime this year. A $400
Share the Spirit grant covered the purchases.

"It was really nice because it was his birthday. He was very appreciative,"
Angeles said.

Reader donations to Share the Spirit were allotted to the Parkside Family
Alliance in Pittsburg that serves low-income families such as Angeles', mostly
in the surrounding Pittsburg neighborhoods, although some come from Central
Contra Costa.

Families come to the agency office on Railroad Avenue for parenting and family
stress classes, domestic violence services, and information and referrals for
housing, health care, employment and child care.

Sometimes people come in off the street searching for help.

Usually they are greeted by Ivonne Aguirre, Parkside Alliance staff member, who
helps them find the services and information they need.

Shelves are lined with books and pamphlets in both English and Spanish. A
computer sits on her desk, ready to assist in finding the right agency and
service.

Parkside, or PFA as it is known by most members there, often bustles with
activity. Children play in one room while their parents sit in a circle in
another, sipping coffee and talking about a range of issues, such as parenting
and stress around the holidays.

Once a week, parents attending family classes through the Latino Family Resource
Center talk and then take a brisk walk to relieve tension.

Parkside Family Alliance represents a collaborative partnership with seven other
agencies serving East County families.

These are: East Bay Perinatal Council, First Baptist Head Start, La Clnica
medical and dental clinics, Delta Community Services, and Pittsburg Leisure
Services, as well as STAND Against Domestic Violence (formerly known as Battered
Women's Alternatives) and the Latino Family Resource Center.

Family preservation and community support are behind most everything at
Parkside. Staff members help families cope and alleviate the stress that can
accompany financial difficulties. The group also provides resources and family
preservation services to families in jeopardy of entering the child welfare
system.

Parkside is geared primarily to the low-income families living in the
surrounding neighborhoods. In today's skyrocketing cost of living, Aguirre said,
transportation and finding affordable housing are two of the biggest challenges.

Shoes are a small, but vital, necessity for many of these struggling families,
Aguirre said.

"Most of the people who come here are very low-income. Parents have more than
one child, so income is difficult for them," Aguirre said.

Women and children fleeing abusive relationships face especially difficult
hardships, said Carmen Garcia, Stand Against Domestic Violence East County
manager of support services.

A new pair of shoes for a child of a family with little money can make an
enormous difference, she said.

"They are in need of a lot of things. They're low-income families and they face
multiple barriers. Sometimes they only speak Spanish and they face other
hardships," Garcia said.

"A lot of times they leave (an abusive household) with nothing at all," Garcia
said.

Hundreds of individuals and families in Contra Costa County and the Tri-Valley
area need the aid provided by donations to the Times' Share the Spirit Fund.
Simply clip the accompanying coupon and send it to the address shown. The fund
is administered by the Volunteer Center of Contra Costa, with administrative
costs paid by the Times. Every penny of reader money goes directly to aid for
the needy. Readers with questions and corporations interested in making larger
donations can contact the Times community relations manager, Lisa Hotchkiss, at
925-943-8105.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo. Ruth Angeles attends a Latino Family Stress Center parenting
meeting at Parkside Family Alliance in Pittsburg on Wednesday. Angeles was one
of those profiled who benefited from Share the Spirit last year. (Nader Khour,
Times).

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 25, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

After Attacks, Preparing for the Worst;
Hospitals Coordinate Emergency Procedures

BYLINE: Susan Levine, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: MONTGOMERY EXTRA; Pg. T14

LENGTH: 1306 words


Code delta is a disaster code. It can signal a gruesome school bus accident or
building collapse, a bad train crash -- or worse. Hospitals have long planned
and practiced for emergencies of such magnitude.

Then came Sept. 11. And anthrax.

In the seven months since terrorism hit the Washington area, local hospitals and
health officials have drastically rethought what constitutes catastrophe. More
than that, they have reconsidered how they should prepare for it -- not on their
own, but together.

In Montgomery County in particular, they set aside traditional competition to
respond with what many leaders call a rare degree of coordination, addressing
everything from equipment needs to disease surveillance to a future code delta
that could involve casualties across the region:

* Who should be in charge during a mass disaster?

* How many isolation rooms could each facility offer during a radiological or
biological attack? How many decontamination showers?

* If an attack knocked out power and phone lines and cell phones overloaded, how
could the hospitals ensure communication with each other and county officials?

* And the bottom line: How to pay for it all?

When the unimaginable suddenly becomes real, "there's no sense being an island,"
said Susan Glover, a vice president for Adventist HealthCare, the parent company
of Washington Adventist Hospital in Takoma Park and Shady Grove Adventist
Hospital in Rockville.

"It's crystal clear now that approach would be fruitless," she said.

Glover chairs the Montgomery County Hospital Collaborative Task Force, formed in
the fall by the county's five hospitals: Shady Grove Adventist, Washington
Adventist, Holy Cross, Montgomery General and Suburban. A separate bioterrorism
group has been organized with public health officials, representatives from
emergency medical services, police and firefighters.

Anthrax was the impetus even more than the assault on the Pentagon and the World
Trade Center in New York. As fears arose about the danger of contaminated mail,
residents flooded the hospitals with calls. The information the facilities could
provide was uncertain and constantly changing.

Cindy Notobartolo of Suburban Hospital, the county's designated trauma center,
describes what happened as an epiphany.

"When it came to the magnitude of what we were faced with, we understood [the
plan] had to be bigger" than each hospital for itself, said Notobartolo,
Suburban's corporate director of occupational health and safety.

How different from attitudes before Sept. 11. A couple of years ago, the
Maryland Institute for Emergency Medical Services Systems held a meeting about
terrorism and preparedness. A dozen or so hospital representatives showed up.
"We felt like Chicken Little," said Robert Bass, executive director of the
institute.

But in December, a similar session about weapons of mass destruction attracted
more than 350 hospital representatives and 160 emergency medical services
workers. They were briefed on the national pharmaceutical stockpile,
decontamination procedures, personal protective equipment and communications
systems.

Lynn Frank, Montgomery's director of public health services, has seen the same
180-degree shift. "We've been trying to engage people . . . for a long time,"
she said, meaning not just medical types, but budget analysts and other
government officials and even the public. "They kept saying, 'It's not going to
happen.' "

Then it did. And ever since, Frank and her staff have been in great demand. They
advised the county executive's office on how Montgomery should strengthen its
public health response system and helped produce an eight-page booklet for
county residents on emergency preparedness. (The publication has been translated
into Farsi, Chinese, Spanish, French, Vietnamese, Korean and Cambodian.) They
made presentations at homeland security forums in communities such as Friendship
Heights and Germantown, talking at a synagogue and a senior center and to
small-business owners and civic groups.

From the local front line of the anthrax crisis, Frank moved to the daunting
logistics of a mass distribution of drugs -- vaccines, antitoxins, antibiotics
-- that could be critical in the event of a future attack. She knows which
pharmacists would be part of the distribution, how many shots would have to be
given per hour to make the operation effective, how designated teams would, with
sheriff's escort, fan out to reach people with restricted mobility.

"We've signed off on all the agreements" with federal officials, she said.
"Within 12 hours of the time we'd call the [national] stockpile, it could be in
Montgomery County."

With a biological hazard, public health officials would be in charge under a new
incident command system that they and their public and private counterparts have
negotiated. Fire officials would take command in case of a chemical threat.

County Executive Douglas M. Duncan has proposed a multimillion-dollar homeland
security budget that includes $ 507,000 for a system to track hospital and
emergency services data and to be alert for unusual patterns that could reveal
biological or chemical terrorism. "Syndromic surveillance" is nothing new, but
past reporting focused on what now seem like prosaic concerns: hepatitis, for
example, or measles.

"We weren't looking for smallpox, we weren't looking for anthrax," Frank said.
"We need to have a higher index of suspicion that there might be terrorism
behind [an] organism."

In January, President Bush signed a $ 2.9 billion program to strengthen the
public health system and prepare the country for terrorist acts. The next month,
Maryland Gov. Parris N. Glendening announced a $ 2.74 million federal grant that
would help the state's first responders buy protective gear for workers,
decontamination units and communications equipment. Montgomery County will
receive $ 129,899, more than any jurisdiction in the state except Baltimore City
and Anne Arundel County.

The cost to local governments and hospitals indeed will be significant. "And
that level of preparation is not going to be a one-time deal," cautioned Brian
Gragnolati, Suburban's chief executive officer. He said the hospital has not
begun tallying its expected costs.

"That's one of the issues the regulatory system of Maryland is going to have to
grapple with," he said. "The level of preparation is not going to be a one-time
deal. It's going to be a cost that gets embedded in the system."

Gragnolati arrived at Suburban just six months ago. The hospital was already
renovating its emergency and operating departments. Administrators took a second
look. Did the emergency room need more possible isolation space? Could the
ventilation system in a hospital unit be sealed off?

"Can we flex up to admit 100 patients?" asked Notobartolo, one of the key point
people for the planning. "Can we ramp up to treat 1,000 people in five hours?
Can we run 1,000 people through [decontamination] showers at five minutes
apiece?"

Similar questions were being asked at Montgomery General, Holy Cross and the two
Adventist hospitals. The collaborative task force to which they all belong first
assessed individual equipment inventories, then began compiling a shared needs
list that would minimize duplication.

"You're easily talking hundreds of thousands of dollars per institution,"
Notobartolo said.

"And we're all facing the same issues," said Adventist's Glover.

Both say there has been progress since those first frightening, uncertain weeks.
More comprehensive plans are in place, and staff training is being reemphasized.
But how to test communications among the hospitals and a county incident command
center? How to drill together?

"Hospitals always have prepared for disaster," Glover said. "It's a new disaster
we're talking about."

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Record (Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario)

                             March 2, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Region's airport could face strike; Union officials could call work stoppage if
airline unilaterally changes existing pacts

BYLINE: MATT WALCOFF, RECORD STAFF

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C12

LENGTH: 565  words

DATELINE: BRESLAU


The company that operates the Northwest Airlink flights out of the Region of
Waterloo International Airport may face a debilitating strike as early as this
spring.

Mesaba Airlines pilots voted last week to authorize a strike against the
Minneapolis-based carrier, which flies three flights to and from Detroit every
day. Mesaba's flight attendants approved a similar motion Monday.

The airline's mechanics authorized a strike last year. The pilots, flight
attendants and mechanics unions are working together in their dispute with
Mesaba.

The votes allow union officials to call a strike if Mesaba unilaterally changes
its existing contracts with its unions.

Mesaba, which has been operating under bankruptcy protection since October, last
month asked a judge to allow it to amend its collective-bargaining agreements
with the pilots, flight attendants and mechanics.

Judge Gregory Kishel has until March 27 to decide whether to grant Mesaba's
request, said Scott Patz, a negotiator with the Air Line Pilots Association
International.

The airline would make unilateral changes if it failed to get concessions from
the unions, airline spokesperson Elizabeth Costello said.

"We don't want to reach that point," she said. "That is literally a last, last
resort."

Mesaba is seeking to cut labour costs by 19.4 per cent. It would do so by
cutting many workers' wages and by increasing employees' share of health-care
premiums from 30 per cent to 50 per cent.

The airline believes a strike would be illegal and would seek an injunction to
stop it, Costello said.

Mesaba filed for bankruptcy protection shortly after Northwest Airlines did last
year. Northwest failed to pay Mesaba for flights made in August, forcing Mesaba
to seek protection from creditors.

Northwest, like Mesaba, is seeking authority to change its contracts with labour
unions and may face a strike itself. Northwest's mechanics are already on
strike, having taken up picket signs last August.

Northwest determines Mesaba's fleet and routes. Mesaba has told the bankruptcy
court it expects to lose about half of its planes, including all of its regional
jets.

Mesaba expects to reduce staff from about 3,800 to about 1,600, Costello said.

Northwest has not announced what Mesaba flights it plans to cut.

Northwest spokesperson Dean Breest said there is no reason to suspect Breslau
will be on the chopping block.

"Kitchener-Waterloo has got three flights. All of those are doing well," Breest
said. "We have no plans to make any changes."

Airport general manager Jeff Huntus said neither Northwest nor Mesaba has
informed him of any planned service changes because of the companies' financial
or labour troubles, and he does not expect any changes in the near future.

But a simultaneous strike of pilots, flight attendants and mechanics would make
it impossible for Mesaba to keep flying, said Steve MacFarlane, assistant
national director of the Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association.

Mesaba, the first airline to offer regularly scheduled flights from Waterloo
Region to the United States, began the service in 2004.

Roughly 500 passengers per week travel on the flights, Huntus said.

If the flights were grounded, the airport would be left without any scheduled
passenger service.

Three small airlines formerly offered regular flights from Waterloo Region to
other Canadian destinations, but each service was short-lived.

mwalcoff@therecord.com

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: PETER LEE, RECORD STAFF , A mother and child board a Northwest
Airlink airplane for a flight out of the Region of Waterloo International
Airport yesterday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        March 7, 1999 Sunday 1ST EDITION

'Tis The Season For These Groups

SECTION: I; Pg. I-01

LENGTH: 2123 words

A list of agencies helped by the Season To Share campaign and the funding that
they received:  ADVENTIST  COMMUNITY SERVICES ($ 12,000)  The agency will use
its grant for emergency shelter/food bank expansion and crisis intervention for
low-income and/or homeless individuals/families.  BIG BROTHERS BIG SISTERS OF
COLORADO ($ 30,000)   The agency will receive a grant to match adult role models
with at-risk youths. Big Brothers Big Sisters is the Denver area's largest
mentoring agency.  BOYS & GIRLS CLUB OF METRO DENVER ($ 25,000)   The club will
use its grant to run after-school and summer programs for 8,000 youths a year
through activities at five branches, a vocational training center and a summer
camp.  BOYS HOPE OF COLORADO ($ 5,000)  The agency will use its grant to provide
a family-style home and college-preparatory education for at-risk boys, ages
10-18. The agency also sponsors a nonresidential, year-round academic mentoring
program for low-income middle-school boys and girls.  BROADWAY  ASSISTANCE
CENTER ($ 8,000)   The center will use the grant to help pay for a food line and
food bank for low-income people. The center provides emergency services,
counseling and job-search help.  CAPITOL HILL COMMUNITY SERVICES ($ 15,000)

The agency will use its grant to help prepare and serve 2,800 sit-down hot
lunches weekly to Capitol Hill-area homeless people. Servers are volunteers and
treat guests with dignity and respect.  CENTRAL SHELTER INC. ($ 10,000)   The
only Denver-area homeless shelter for working men will use its grant to help pay
the salary for a case manager to work with residents making the transition to
independent living.  COLORADO OPTOMETRIC CENTER ($ 30,000)   The center will use
its grant to provide vision care for 800 low-income children. The center
diagnoses, treats, and prevents eye disease and disability by providing
comprehensive professional vision care.  COMMUNITY FOOD SHARE ($ 20,000)
Boulder County's only food bank will use its grant to help distribute food to 75
nonprofit agencies that serve 59,000 clients.  COMMUNITY MINISTRY ($ 5,000)   A
coalition of southwest Denver churches will receive a grant to help provide
basic needs and a job center to low-income residents of southwest Denver
neighborhoods.  THE CONFLICT CENTER ($ 15,000)   The center works to reduce the
level of violence in schools, families and communities and will use the grant to
provide children school-based training in anger and conflict management.  CURTIS
PARK COMMUNITY CENTER ($ 50,000)   This multifaceted northeast Denver service
agency will use the grant for a day-care program for children ages 6 weeks to 5
years who live in homeless shelters.  DAMEN HOUSE ($ 20,000)   The agency will
use its grant to assist its long-term residential program for homeless women and
their children. The agency helps women learn to become economically
self-sufficient.  DELTA GAMMA ANCHOR CENTER FOR BLIND CHILDREN ($ 20,000)   The
center will use its grant to provide education, therapy and family support
services to blind children up to age 5 in the center and home-based services in
the Denver area.  DENVER INNER CITY PARISH ($ 5,000)   The nondenominational
agency serving West Denver residents will use its grant for a 1999 Summer Day
Camp, a 10-week program for 30-35 children ages 6-10. The agency also helps
residents through an alternative school, parenting series, support/education
program for young fathers and emergency food service.  DENVER PUBLIC SCHOOLS
PUPIL ASSISTANCE FUND ($ 15,000)   This grant will provide emergency assistance
to low-income DPS students for school clothing, eye exams and glasses, and
dental care.  DENVER URBAN MINISTRIES ($ 15,000)   The agency will use the grant
to fund programs ranging from emergency food to youth development and job
training.  DENVER VICTIMS SERVICE CENTER ($ 12,000)   The center, which assists
crime victims and offers crime-prevention education, will use its grant for a
new Children and Families Program to help children as they recover from
victimization.  EMERGENCY FAMILY ASSISTANCE ASSOCIATION ($ 20,000)  The
association offers services promoting self-sufficiency in Boulder County and
will use its grant to fund its homeless prevention program.  FAMILIES FIRST ($
20,000)  The agency will use the grant for its residential crisis center for
abused children. Families First also operates a resource center to strengthen
families through weekly parent support groups and other activities.  FAMILY
HOMESTEAD ($ 25,000)   The only Denver area agency of its kind will use its
grant to provide emergency services, transitional housing and case management to
homeless families with children.  FAMILY TREE ($ 20,000)  Jefferson County's
only battered women's shelter will use its grant for the Women in Crisis shelter
and to coordinate family-service programs.  FOOD BANK OF THE ROCKIES ($ 35,000)
  The food bank will use its grant to help collect and distribute 12 million
pounds of food yearly to 800 agencies that distribute it free to their clients.
  GATHERING PLACE ($ 25,000)  Denver's only daytime shelter for homeless women
and children will use its grant to offer survival services, as well as
opportunities and services to help families become self-sufficient.  GIRLS
INCORPORATED OF METROPOLITAN DENVER ($ 10,000)  Girls Inc. will use its grant to
fund 50 after-school and summer programs to help at-risk girls reach their full
potential.  HEALTH S.E.T. (Service, Empowerment, Transformation) ($ 10,000)  The
agency, which runs a medical clinic for the homeless, will receive a grant to
help improve the well-being of elderly, poor and underserved people through
health-related programs.  HEAR AT HOME ($ 10,000)  The agency will use its grant
to teach newly diagnosed hearing-impaired children, ages 9 and younger, to
speak. The agency also helps parents gain competence and confidence in their
ability to handle the situation.  HOSPICE OF BOULDER COUNTY ($ 5,000)   The
hospice provides physical, emotional and spiritual home health care to those
facing death and bereavement. It will use its grant to bolster an indigent
patient fund that covers nonreimbursable costs.  HOSPICE OF METRO DENVER INC. ($
20,000)  The Rocky Mountain region's largest hospice will use the grant to
provide at-home and in-hospice end-of-life care for individuals and their
families.  HUMAN SERVICES INC. ($ 50,000)  The agency, which helps families
become strong and self-sufficient, will use its grant to fund its SPIRIT
(Supporting People in Resettlement and in Transition) program for homeless
families with children.  INNER CITY HEALTH CENTER ($ 35,000)  The center will
use the grant to provide quality medical and dental health care to medically
uninsured and low-income families.  INTER-CHURCH ARMS ($ 8,500)  The Arvada
Resource for Ministry and Service is a nondenominational coalition of 12 Arvada
churches. It will use its grant to provide free emergency services primarily for
the working poor, literacy mentoring, an odd-jobs program for the elderly and a
pen-pals program.  JEFFCO SELF-SUFFICIENCY COUNCIL ($ 7,500)  The council will
use its grant to help low-income families become self-sufficient through job
training and stable housing.  KEMPE CENTER ($ 25,000)  The center will use its
grant to provide clinical and educational programs and to fund research in child
abuse and neglect using a multidisciplinary approach. The center's programs also
include home visits to new parents, a therapeutic preschool and day treatment
for abused children.  KIDS IN NEED OF DENTISTRY (KIND) ($ 30,000)  The agency
will use its grant to provide dental care to low-income school-age children.
KIND has had 6,382 patient visits to five clinics with 285 dental professionals
volunteering their time.  METRO CareRing ($ 20,000)  The group will receive a
grant to provide emergency food and services to 2,100 poor people monthly using
130 volunteers.  MI CASA RESOURCE CENTER FOR WOMEN ($ 15,000)  Mi Casa, which
provides employment and education programs promoting self-sufficiency primarily
for low-income Latina women and youth, will use the grant for youth development
programs to increase high school graduation rates and decrease teen pregnancy.
NATIONAL JEWISH MEDICAL AND RESEARCH CENTER ($ 25,000)  The center researches
and treats chronic lung disease. Its grant will be used for the Kunsberg School,
an on-site, state-accredited, tuition-free school for 98 students, grades K-8,
with chronic ailments.  OPEN DOOR YOUTH GANG ALTERNATIVES ($ 10,000)  The agency
will use its grant to help prevent gang involvement by offering alternative
activities primarily for elementary school children.  PARTNERS OF BOULDER COUNTY
($ 5,000)  The agency will use the grant to help high-risk youth improve their
lives through relationships of at least one year with an adult role model.
PEOPLES CLINIC ($ 25,000)  As Boulder's only source of primary health care for
medically indigent patients, the clinic will use its grant to offer
comprehensive prenatal care for 50 low-income, uninsured women.  PROJECT ANGEL
HEART ($ 25,000)  The agency will receive a grant to provide food and nutrition
services to people living with HIV/AIDS. The agency prepared and delivered
60,000 meals last year.  PROJECT PAVE INC. ($ 15,000)  Project Pave provides
violence-prevention education, counseling for child violence victims and
counseling for those who have hurt others. It will use its grant to expand its
violence intervention services.  PUBLIC EDUCATION AND BUSINESS COALITION ($
20,000)  The coalition is a business and education partnership to improve
education. Its grant will help train businesspeople to mentor at-risk Denver
Public School students so they will complete their high school educations.
ROCKY MOUNTAIN MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS ($ 50,000)  The agency will receive a grant to
conduct MS research and provide patient care and support services for daily
living.  ROCKY MOUNTAIN YOUTH ($ 30,000)   It will receive a grant to provide
high-quality, low-cost direct health services for indigent and at-risk youths.
The agency contracts with nonprofits to provide free or low-cost services for
clients.  SAFEHOUSE DENVER ($ 20,000)  The safehouse will use its grant to
prevent domestic violence through education, advocacy and a 30-bed shelter. The
agency also helps women develop options for a violence-free life.  ST. FRANCIS
CENTER ($ 30,000)  The center is a daytime shelter primarily for homeless men.
It will use its grant to offer shower facilities, mailing address-messaging
service, a medical clinic and training toward employment.  ST. JOSEPH HOSPITAL
FOUNDATION ($ 20,000)  The foundation will use its grant for the Caritas Clinic,
which serves the medically indigent. The grant will help provide prenatal care
for 67 mothers.  SAMARITAN HOUSE ($ 45,000)  The largest homeless shelter in the
Rocky Mountain West will use the grant to offer a full range of support services
leading to self-reliance.  SEWALL CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTER ($ 20,000)  The
center will use its grant to serve 500 children (80 percent minorities) with
developmental delays and disabilities through classroom programs and therapy.
SHARE OUR STRENGTH - DENVER ($ 10,000)   SOS will use its grant to provide 20
six-week nutrition and cooking classes for low-income adults relying on food
stamps and food banks.  SOCIETY OF ST. VINCENT DE PAUL ($ 5,000)  The society
will use the grant to provide emergency assistance to high-risk, low-income
people in northeast Denver communities.  STREET BEAT INC. ($ 10,000)  The agency
will use its grant to fund gang prevention for Northeast Denver at-risk children
ages 10-14.  URBAN PEAK ($ 45,000)  The agency will use its grant to fund a
program that promotes self-sufficiency for more than 800 homeless and runaway
youths every year.  VOICES FOR CHILDREN ($ 15,000)  The agency will use its
grant to train volunteers to become Court Appointed Special Advocates for
victims of child abuse.  VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA ($ 50,000)   VOA serves basic
needs through 30 programs and will use the grant to prepare and distribute 5,000
holiday Baskets of Joy for the elderly and to support the Theodora House for
homeless single women.  WARREN VILLAGE ($ 40,000)   This residential program,
which helps poor, single-parent families become self-sufficient, will use its
grant for its learning center. The learning center provides child care and early
childhood education to 200 children annually.

LOAD-DATE: March 06, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: THE DENVER POST/LYN ALWEIS Kempe Center will use its $ 25,000
to provide clinical and educational programs and to fund child-abuse research.
Hear at Home: The agency will receive $ 10,000 to teach newly diagnosed
hearing-impaired children, ages 9 and younger, to speak. Alexa Garfinkel, 6,
works with speech-language pathologist Darcy Sheehan at Hear at Home.
Demetrius, 1, his mother, Charlestene, and her infant son, Narquisse, will
benefit from the $ 20,000 grant Damon House received through the Season to Share
program. THE DENVER POST/HYOUNG CHANG Boulder Food Share: Community Food Share,
which is Boulder's only food bank, will receive $ 20,000 to help distribute food
to 114 nonprofit agencies that serve 4,700 clients.  Rocky Mountain Youth's $
30,000 gift will help provide high-quality, low-cost direct health services for
indigent and at-risk youths. KARL GEHRING/THE DENVER POST Boys and Girls Club:
The metro-Denver agency will receive $ 25,000 to run after-school and summer
programs for 8,000 youths at the five branches, a vocational triaining center
and a summer camp. Julianna Gallegos, 12, hikes the ball to a teammate during a
game of flag football in Denver's Boys and Girls Club gymnasium. THE DENVER
POST/JOHN LEYBA Urban Peak: A gift of $ 45,000 will help Urban Peak promote
self-sufficiency for more than 800 homeless and runaway youths. CRISSY
PASCUAL/THE DENVER POST Project PAVE: The agency will reeive $ 15,000 to provide
violence-prevention education, and counseling for child-violence victims and for
those who have hurt others. Single parent Misty Lovato sits with her three
children, Jeffery, 13, Victoria, 8, and Lynnezee, 3, at their home in Denver.
For the past three years, the family has taken part in Project PAVE (Preventing
Acts of Violence through Education), a program to help victims of violence and
offenders.  St. Francis Center: The daytime shelter will receive $ 30,000 to
provide homeless men with shower facilities, a mailing address, a messaging
service, a medical clinic and employment training. A homeless man leaves St.
Francis.  The People's Clinic will use its $ 25,000 gift to provide
comprehensive prenatal care for 50 low-income, uninsured women. THE DENVER
POST/JOHN PRIETO Denver Inner City Parish will use its $ 5,000 to run Summer Day
Camp, a 10-week program for 30 to 35 children ages 6 to 10 in west Denver.  The
Gathering Place: The agency will receive $ 25,000 to provide support and
opportunities to families who are trying to become self-sufficient. Parents and
their children make gingerbread houses over the holidays with the staff and
volunteers at The Gathering Place, a homeless shelter for women and children
located at 1535 High St. THE DENVER POST/SHAUN STANLEY Society Of St. Vincent De
Paul will receive $ 5,000 to help high-risk, low-income people in northeast
Denver communities.  Food Bank of the Rockies will receive $ 35,000 to help
collect and distribute 11 million pounds of food to 534 nonprofit agencies that
provide it free to their clients.  The Denver Public Schools Pupil Assistance
Fund will receive $ 15,000 to provide emergency aid to low-income students for
such items as school clothing, eye exams and glasses, and dental care. Swansea
Elementary School third-grader Citlaly Pasillas is one of the children who got
help in getting eyeglasses.  Boys Hope of Colo.: The agency will receive $ 5,000
to provide a family-style home and college-preparatory education for at-risk
boys. Boys Hope of Colorado Director P.J. D'Amico, far right, sits with some of
the boys who live at the home. CRAIG F. WALKER/THE DENVER POST KIND: Kids in
Need of Dentistry, or KIND, will receive $ 30,000 to provide dental care to
low-income, school-age children. Lansing Elementary School second-grader Gregory
Hatcher gets a dental examination from Patrick Foley of Chopper Topper as part
of the Kids in Need of Dentists program. THE DENVER POST Curtis Park Community
Center: The agency will receive $ 50,000 for a day-care program for children
ages 6 weeks to 5 years who live in homeless shelters. Children from Curtis Park
Community Center enjoy a Thanksgiving dinner 'Kiddie Luncheon' at the Hyatt
Regency Denver Downtown. The children, ages 18 months to 5 years, were treated
to lunch, cookie decorating and had their pictures taken with characters
including Tom the Turkey and the Camp Hyatt Dinosaur. PHOTO: PHOTO COURTESY
HOSPICE OF BOULDER COUNTY The Hospice of Boulder County will receive $ 5,000 to
provide home health care to those facing death and bereavement.

TYPE: SPECIAL SECTION

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              May 26, 2008 Monday

Assembly District 15 candidate boxes

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 2072 words


Joan Buchanan

PARTY: Democratic

AGE: 55

EDUCATION: B.A. in economics, UC Santa Barbara

BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE: Director, Commercial Operations, Delta Dental Plan;
school board member, San Ramon Valley Unified School District, four-time board
president; board member, Leo T. McCarthy Center for Public Policy and the Common
Good, University of San Francisco; San Ramon Valley School Age Childcare
Alliance; San Ramon Valley PTA Council; Danville-Alamo AAUW

"We cannot continue to borrow to balance the budget. One-time funding sources
can help bridge a short-term gap, but they will not solve the problem. We must
look at every line item in the budget and eliminate waste and redundancy. Then
we must evaluate our revenue structure to ensure it is fair and tied directly to
our expenditure needs. Finally, we must be accountable to taxpayers for spending
their money as promised."

"We must begin by honoring the Proposition 98 school-funding guarantee as
approved by the voters. Reforms I support include increasing salaries to attract
the best and brightest to the profession, providing additional time for teacher
training and articulation to share best practices, improved training programs
for administrators, objective assessments to evaluate student performance and
plan improvement, additional support for at-risk students, and a student data
system to track performance over time."

"I support universal health care. The cost should be shared by employees,
employers and the state. Elements of the plan must include preserving the
provider/patient relationship, focusing on preventive services, providing
reimbursements that encourage providers to practice in our state, and
establishing a protected fund, independent of the state's general fund, from
which the plan is administered."

Ted Ford

PARTY: Democratic

AGE: 60

EDUCATION: B.A. in economics, University of Connecticut; graduate studies,
economics, George Washington University

BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE: Peace Corps 1970-72; U.S. Department of State, Foreign
Service Officer 1972-80, economic specialist; Bank of Boston, 1980-88, banker,
financial analyst, manager; Economist, 1988-2000, Asian Development Bank, World
Bank, Abt Associates, AD Little; Nissho Iwai Corp, 2000-05, sales and
management; economic consultant, 2005-08, Laos, Thailand

"The budgetary problems of California are structural, not cyclical. A new
approach to approving the budget and reforming taxation is needed. This will
likely require modifying the state's Constitution. A blue-ribbon panel should be
formed to develop a series of recommendations to be presented directly to the
voters for approval. The panel should address not only tax and budget issues but
also the structure of the California political system, as these issues
interrelate. Specifically, the panel should address: (1) the two-thirds
super-majority requirement for budget approval; (2) legislative redistricting;
(3) taxation of corporate-owned property under Proposition 13; (4) government
pensions, whether they should be defined benefit or defined contribution
systems; and (5) modifying legislative term limits."

"School programs should be fully funded at both the K-12 levels and for the
University of California. The education system is an engine of the state's
economy, and there is a direct correlation between the quality of education in a
community and the value of that community's real estate. Education reforms may
include the tenuring of teachers and the introduction of merit-based pay for
educators."

"California should not undertake a "go it alone" approach to providing health
care and medical insurance. In the next Congress, the federal government will be
discussing a national system for health care, regardless of whether a Republican
or a Democrat is elected president. Only a national system can work. California
can provide its input to these deliberations through its congressional
delegation."

Scott Kamena

PARTY: Republican

AGE: 37

EDUCATION: B.A. in history, UC Berkeley; O.D., UC Berkeley School of Optometry

BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE: "As an elected parks director and health care
professional, I am uniquely qualified to meet the challenges our state faces. As
an optometrist, I own and operate my own practice. In my elected capacity, I set
policy, direction and the annual budget for the largest parks and recreation
provider entirely in the district. This experience has taught me to balance
budgets, meet deadlines and set performance standards. We need these business
principles in Sacramento."

"There is currently no incentive for state managers to show fiscal restraint. I
would implement a policy that guarantees continued funding for departments that
stay under budget, and would cut departments that overspend. I also support a
spending cap that would limit increases in state spending, linking increases to
population growth and the cost of living. With the economy in such a fragile
state, I believe that raising taxes would be devastating. I oppose it."

"We must fully fund education. Children are not responsible for the state's
financial crisis, and they should not have to sacrifice quality education. We
must eliminate the funding mechanisms that "pre-spend" education dollars before
they even reach the classroom. "Categorical" funding currently composes 30
percent of the education budget, and it is stifling our schools. We must
eliminate most funding categories so that our local schools have the flexibility
to spend according to their local needs."

"The key to increasing access to health care is to lower the costs of providing
care and enable health care providers to pass these savings on to patients. In
California, we pay doctors and hospitals to fix problems, not prevent them. We
must fundamentally alter the way we view health care to not just include the
programs that fix problems that have reached advanced stages but that encourage
healthy living and prevent the problems from occurring."

Judy Lloyd

PARTY: Republican

AGE: 48

EDUCATION: B.S., Clarkson University

BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE: "Judy Lloyd is running for state Assembly as a fiscally
responsible Reagan Republican who believes the state needs representatives with
common sense, know-how and character. She has spent 25 years serving the public,
running small businesses and raising a family. She has earned a reputation as
someone who sets goals and gets things done. As a former member of the Reagan
administration, Judy Lloyd believes we must defend the legacy of the former
president and governor by ensuring California is a better place for our children
and future generations."

"Our budget woes are driven by an overall culture of waste and mismanagement.
Extension of welfare benefits in the past five years and new red tape in the
form of regulatory laws are driving businesses out of the our state." The
constant 'spend and spend again' mentality must stop. I will go to Sacramento
ready to make tough choices. I have called for a top-to-bottom evaluation of
each government program's efficiency, performance and results. Programs that
reward illegal immigrants will be first on the chopping block, since these
individuals broke the law and should not be eligible for government handouts at
taxpayer expense."

"California's education system is outdated and needs a complete overhaul. The
last thing we should be doing is laying off teachers. It's not fair that we are
not getting the local dollars we deserve. I will be a champion for getting our
fair share of tax dollars to local school districts. Education decisions are
best made at the local level by parents and teachers, those closest to the
children. The tax base generated from this area for education must come back to
this area. I will fight to make certain that happens. We must resist efforts
from Sacramento to raise taxes and hold everyone in the education system
accountable for every tax dollar spent. Students must be prepared for future
jobs -- that's why no child should ever graduate without (the skills of)
reading, writing and speaking English."

"I do not support a government-run universal health care system. Government
intervention only makes health care more expensive. As the owner of a technology
company with a passion for health care IT, I support market-based reforms that
allow innovation to help us deliver better quality of services. I support
restoration of patient-doctor relationships, choice and innovation. We can
reduce costs by stopping frivolous malpractice lawsuits, taking the bureaucracy
out of health care decisions, and remembering that quality of care and
accessibility must be our top priority."

Robert Rao

PARTY: Republican

AGE: 54

EDUCATION: West Valley Community College, Saratoga

BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE: "I started in business at age 20 with nothing and ended
up with a $200 million company with over 250 employees. We were a very
innovative company loaded with highly talented people that could manage a high
level of volume and still deliver to the customer a quality product and
experience. As CEO, I spent most of my time keeping the company focused on the
customer, balancing budgets, creating jobs, signing paychecks and moving the
company into the future. And with sales averaging 1,000 vehicles a month, and
servicing the same number, it was a great education in budgeting and cost
control."

"In business, when we are in a budget crisis we tighten our belt, stop spending
and cut programs and products that are not delivering results. Every state
program should come with a 'sunset' provision. After five years, if the program
cannot demonstrate that it has been effective, it would expire automatically.
The debate in Sacramento is about raising taxes on a gallon of gas, cup of
coffee, personal income and even iTunes. I oppose raising taxes on working
Californians. The debate should be around cutting failed programs that don't
deliver results."

"We need to be asking how to get more of our education dollars into the
classroom instead of the bureaucrats' pockets. Instead of micromanaging from
Sacramento, I would like to see block grants to local districts, where teachers,
parents and local school boards would have more say."

"Government-run programs today are typically delivering declining quality and
increasing cost. They lack typical business controls, performance standards and
transparency. I believe government is the problem, not the solution. When
hospitals can charge $10 for an Aspirin and mark up costs an average of 232
percent, we're looking at a health care industry desperately in need of a dose
of competition. These folks are still using paper record-keeping systems. We
need real cost controls, not new taxes."

H. Abram Wilson

PARTY: Republican

AGE: 61

EDUCATION: B.S., biochemistry, Central Ohio State University

BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE: Investment banker for 30 years; U.S. Army veteran; former
chairman of the San Ramon Arts Council and the Parks and Community Services
Commission; San Ramon mayor; married to Dr. Karen Wilson; father of two adult
children, Natausha and Nate

"As mayor, I've balanced the budget while creating a 'rainy day' reserve.
Sacramento has a wasteful spending problem, and that's one reason I'll vote
against tax hikes. As one example, we can save more than $2 billion a year by
cracking down on Medi-Cal fraud. Plus, I'll use my investment banking experience
to adopt a more accurate method for estimating state revenues. Last, we need a
spending cap so we avoid these roller-coaster budget problems."

"Both my parents were public school teachers, and they taught me it's not how
not how much money is spent, but how you allocate those funds. We must hold
administrators accountable. Let's drastically reduce the number of categorical
grant programs and give those funds directly to our local schools. I'll also
fight for more 'equalization' funds so Los Angeles doesn't shortchange our local
schools -- we're entitled to our fair share of education funds."

"Costs are spiraling out of control for Californians. Aggressive market-based
solutions must be implemented that will enable health care to become more
accessible as a result of lowered costs. I strongly oppose a government-run
universal program, because that will lower quality and only create rationing of
health care. Allow individuals to carry their insurance between jobs, permit tax
deductions for all medical expenses, encourage out-of-state insurers to compete
in California, and expand community-based health clinics."

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Regulatory update: Colorado Public Utilities Commission; Colorado Public
Utilities Commission , has issued (16M-TRANSNOTICES ) Notice of Application
filed on 4-4-2016

LENGTH: 1643  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Denver: Colorado Public Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(filing):

 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF COLORADO

 1560 Broadway, Suite 250

 Denver, Colorado 80202

 * * *

 NOTICE OF APPLICATIONS FILED

 TO: ALL INTERESTED PERSONS, FIRMS OR CORPORATIONS

 You are notified that the applications summarized here have been filed with the
Colorado Public Utilities Commission. Applications are available for public
inspection at the offices of the Commission, between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m.,
excluding weekends and state holidays.



 Any person desiring to intervene as a party in any permanent application shall
file an original and three copies of an appropriate pleading within 30 days
after the date of this Notice, or in any lesser time stated here. Any person
desiring to intervene as a party in any temporary application shall file an
original and three copies of an appropriate pleading within five days after the
date of this Notice. The person filing the pleading must certify, by written
statement, that a copy has been served upon the applicant's attorney or the
applicant, if no attorney is named.

 Commission staff is permitted to intervene by right in any proceeding.
Commission staff shall be permitted to file its notice of intervention within
seven days after the time otherwise specified above.

 The Commission may, without a hearing or further notice, determine any verified
application or petition which is uncontested or unopposed, if a hearing is not
requested or required by law.

 If an applicant does not file its testimony or a detailed summary of testimony,
and copies of its exhibits with its application, the applicant shall file and
serve its list of witnesses and copies of its exhibits within ten days after the
conclusion of the notice period.

 Each intervenor in transportation application proceedings shall file and serve
its list of witnesses and copies of its exhibits. If the applicant has filed its
testimony or a detailed summary of testimony, and copies of exhibits with the
application, each intervenor shall file and serve its list of witnesses and
copies of its exhibits not later than ten days after the conclusion of the
notice period. If the applicant has not filed its testimony or a detailed
summary of testimony, and copies of exhibits with the application, each
intervenor shall file and serve its list of witnesses and copies of its exhibits
not later than 20 days after the notice period has expired.

 If a party does not meet the requirements of this Notice, the Commission may
dismiss the application or an intervention upon motion filed by any other party,
or upon the Commission's own motion, unless good cause for the failure to meet
the requirements is shown.

 The Commission will notify the parties of the time and location of the hearing.
No motion for continuance of the hearing date will be granted except for good
cause. As of the time of this Notice, the Commission has not deemed the
applications complete within the meaning of §40-6-109.5, C.R.S.

 SEAL

 DOUG DEAN

 Director

 Dated at Denver, Colorado this 4th day of April, 2016

 Colorado PUC E-Filings System

 April 4, 2016

 Page 2

 IN THE MATTER OF SENIOR HOUSING OPTIONS DOING BUSINESS AS MESA VISTA ASSISTED
LIVING & ADULT DAY PROGRAM FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE AS A CONTRACT CARRIER BY
MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0119BP

 APPLICANT:

 Mesa Visted Assisted Living

 1510 17th Street

 Denver, CO 80202

 FILED ON:

 February 25, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Garfield
and Mesa, State of Colorado. This application is restricted: (A) to the
transportation of passengers who are recipients of Medicaid; and, (B) to
providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT) services for the Colorado Department
of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570 Grant Street, Denver, Colorado.
Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is
seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF WESTERN SLOPE RIDES FILING AN APPLICATION BEFORE THE
COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF COLORADO REQUESTING A PERMIT TO OPERATE SHUTTLE AND
TRANSPORTATION SERVICES.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0205CP

 APPLICANT:

 Western Slope Rides LLC

 P.O. Box 2102

 Ridgway, CO 81432

 FILED ON:

 March 28, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the
transportation of passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service between all
points in the Counties of Montrose, Ouray, and San Miguel, State of Colorado,
and between said points on the one hand, and all points in the Counties of
Delta, Dolores, Garfield, Gunnison, Hinsdale, La Plata, Mesa, Montezuma, Pitkin,
and San Juan, State of Colorado, on the other hand. Applicant has not filed its
testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a Commission
decision within 210 days.



 Page 3

 IN THE MATTER OF OF THE APPLICATION OF OT TOURS, LLC FOR A CERTIFICATE OF
PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY TO OPERATE AS A COMMON CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE
FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0206CP

 APPLICANT:

 OT Tours LLC

 4570 East Yale Avenue

 Apartment 104

 Denver, CO 80222

 ATTORNEY:

 Igor Raykin

 Kishinersky & Raykin, LLC

 2851 South Parker Road Suite 150

 Aurora, CO 80001

 FILED ON:

 March 29, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the
transportation of passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service, call-and-demand
charter service, and call-and-demand sightseeing service between all points in
the Counties of Adams, Arapahoe, Broomfield, Boulder, Clear Creek, Denver,
Douglas, Eagle, Gilpin, Grand, Jefferson, Larimer, Pitkin, Routt, and Summit,
State of Colorado. Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with its
application, and is seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF SMART RIDE LLC FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE AS A
CONTRACT CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0209BP

 APPLICANT:

 Smart Ride, LLC

 1071 South Joplin Way

 Aurora, CO 80017

 FILED ON:

 March 29, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Adams,
Arapahoe, Boulder, Denver, Douglas, and Jefferson, State of Colorado. This
application is restricted: (A) to the transportation of passengers who are
recipients of Medicaid; (B) to providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT)
services for the Colorado Department of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570
Grant Street, Denver, Colorado; (C) against providing transportation services to
or from airports, hotels and motels; (D) to no more than two (2) vehicles in
service at any one time; and, (E) against providing service in Douglas County,
Colorado south of a line beginning on the Douglas and Jefferson County boundary,
to a point on the Douglas and Elbert County boundary, said line being an
east-west line drawn through Exit 172 of Interstate Highway I-25. Applicant has
not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a
Commission decision within 210 days.



 Page 4

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER CONTRACT CARRIER
PERMIT NO. B-9917 FROM ALLIANCE TRANSPORTATION (LARISA LIVITZ) TO ALLIANCE
TRANSPORTATION (BESRAT BEJIGA, BEHAILU LEGGESE, AND AMARE TNLILA).

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0227BP-XFER

 APPLICANT:

 TRANSFEROR

 Alliance Transportation Inc.

 P.O. Box 370026

 Denver, CO 80237

 TRANSFEREE

 Alliance Transportation Inc.*

 2534 South Fundy Circle

 Aurora, CO 80013

 FILED ON:



 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the transfer of Contract Carrier
Permit No. B-9917 from Alliance Transportation (Larisa Livitz) to Alliance
Transportation (Besrat Bejiga, Behailu Leggese, and Amare Tnlila). Applicant has
not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a
Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF FOUR ACES TRANSPO, LLC FOR AN ORDER OF THE
COMMISSSION AUTHORIZING A SUSPENSION OF CERTIFICATE OF PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND
NECESSITY NO. 55787.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0233CP-SUSP

 APPLICANT:

 Four Aces Transpo LLC

 P.O. Box 370533

 Denver, CO 80237

 ATTORNEY:

 Mr. Charles J. Kimball Esq

 Kimball & Nespor P C

 5400 Ward Road

 Building III, Suite 150

 Arvada, CO 80002

 FILED ON:



 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the suspension of operations under
Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity PUC No. 55787 from April 7, 2016
through October 7, 2016. Notices to intervene as of right or motions to
permissively intervene in this proceeding must be filed with the Commission
within ten (10) days of the date of this notice. Applicant has not filed its
testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a Commission
decision within 210 days.



 Page 5

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER CERTIFICATE OF
PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY NO. 55787 FROM FOUR ACES TRANSPO, LLC TO
RAMBLIN' EXPRESS, INC.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0236CP-XFER

 APPLICANT:

 TRANSFEROR

 Four Aces Transpo LLC

 P.O. Box 370533

 Denver, CO 80237

 TRANSFEREE

 Ramblin' Express, Inc.

 5401 East 48th Avenue

 Denver, CO 80216

 ATTORNEY:

 FOR APPLICANTS

 Mr. Charles J. Kimball Esq

 Kimball & Nespor P C

 5400 Ward Road

 Building III, Suite 150

 Arvada, CO 80002

 FILED ON:



 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the transfer of Certificate of
Public Convenience and Necessity PUC No. 55787 from Four Aces Transpo, LLC to
Ramblin' Express, Inc. Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with
its application, and is seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 27, 2002 Sunday

Airlines look to Congress for lift

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 831 words


Airline safety, regulation and competition have long been a focus of U.S. Rep.
James Oberstar.

He's the ranking Democratic member of the House transportation and
infrastructure committee. He also serves as an ex-officio member of the
subcommittee on aviation. From 1989 through 1994, Oberstar chaired the aviation
subcommittee.

He recently discussed the state of the aviation industry with reporter Martin J.
Moylan. The transcript has been edited for conciseness.

Q. At a recent Congressional hearing, you remarked about how the airlines are
often looking to the government for help, coming to Congress for aid again and
again. Why is that?

A. The issues have not changed a great deal. The industry is very cyclical and
constantly has problems because of the vicissitudes of the national economy.

Q. To what extent is the industry responsible for its own problems?

A. There are some problems of their own making. There are some things they need
to address themselves, how they manage their business. The industry seems to
have trouble maintaining the discipline to price its product appropriately. Some
issues, though, are beyond their control.

Q. How do you feel about the grants and loans extended to the industry? The
grants totaled $5 billion and the guaranteed loans could hit $10 billion.

A. The shutdown of aviation (following the terrorist attacks) was a terrible
blow to the aviation industry. It was not an attack on the airlines. It was an
attack on the U.S. We had to get the airlines back on their feet. And the first
action was to compensate the airlines for their losses.

Q. What about the loan program? You've indicated you feel the Air Transportation
Stabilization Board is not acting quickly on loan applications.

A. The Air Transportation Stabilization Board is not doing its job, seeing that
we sustain competition in the post-Sept. 11 era. Deregulation should not be an
additional victim of Sept. 11.

If, as a result of the attacks, we see carriers go out of business and economic
power in the industry become more concentrated, there'll be less competition and
higher prices. It is in the public interest to do the guaranteed loans. The
failure to move faster (in approving them) is one reason the industry is having
problems.

The board needs to stop trying to micromanage the airlines with repeated
requests for the kind of negotiated agreements they want to see between the
carriers and their work forces.

Q. What's keeping people off planes?

A. It's not that airfares are too high. It's their anxiety level. If we don't do
a better job on security, people won't fly even if it's free.

Q. What more can -- should --Congress do to help the airlines?

A. We can help them with (some) security costs. We can put mail (now moving by
land) back on the planes. That's a $244 million revenue stream for the airlines.
We could compensate the postal service for the use of sniffer dogs to screen for
explosives.

We can reimburse the airlines for the cost of strengthening flight deck doors.
That's about $110 million. And we can help them with insurance. They've seen
about a $900 million increase in insurance costs. We're working on legislation
to address at least those four issues.

Q. Where could the money come from?

A. The defense budget.

Q. You've also recently introduced legislation to provide additional
unemployment compensation, help with health care payments, and hiring
preferences for TSA jobs for unemployed aviation workers. Why?

A. If the airline industry is entitled to special relief because it has suffered
disproportionately from terrorism and war, its displaced workers are equally
deserving of relief.

Martin J. Moylan covers airlines. He can be reached at mmoylan@pioneerpress.com
or (651) 228-5479.

Q. What about fuel?

A. In the 1991 Gulf War, fuel prices skyrocketed. If we have another Gulf war --
and (President George W.) Bush seems headed in that direction -- fuel prices
will skyrocket again. We ought to be doing something now to assure carriers
could acquire fuel at reasonable prices. The weight of the federal government
can be helpful.

Q. How do you view the alliances between airlines, such as the proposed linkage
between Northwest, Continental and Delta?

A. The alliances -- both domestic and international -- tend toward a
consolidation of economic power. At the moment, the carriers are saying these
are not mergers. They're marketing agreements that will provide seamless service
and benefits for travelers and in these hard times they're important to their
maintaining their viability.

But any such agreement needs to be overseen by the Justice Department to make
sure it's not a restraint on trade. They have to be carefully reviewed. The
agreement between Northwest and KLM has withstood scrutiny and does not appear
to be a restraint of trade.

Northwest has a similar agreement with Continental that the Justice Department
has not found fault with.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                 April 25, 2016

Despite Govt's Bailout, States Still Owe Salaries

BYLINE: Christiana T. Alabi, Romoke W. Ahmad, Itodo Danaiel Sule, Kabiru Hamisu
M

LENGTH: 1425 words

DATELINE: Lokoja, Kaduna, Illorin


Despite a massive bailout by the Federal Government last year, dozens of states
still cannot pay their workers for many months.

Daily Trust investigations in the past week have shown that majority of
Nigeria's 36 states owe workers between one to nine months in unpaid salaries.

The states were in dire straits by the middle of last year with most of them
being unable to pay workers and carry out basic functions of government.

As a result a total of N662 billion bailout funds were renegotiated for 27
states in July last year, with 19 states receiving N222 billion from the CBN in
September, 2015.

The CBN approved N338 billion loans to 27 states to pay outstanding salaries at
nine percent interest rate over a 20-year-period.

But despite this, most of these states are still unable to pay workers salaries.
The most affected workers are primary and secondary school teachers, health
workers, and traditional rulers among others.

Some of the states owing salaries include Kaduna, Kwara, Plateau, Benue, Borno,
Yobe, Imo, Taraba, Kogi, Bauchi, Delta, Oyo, Nasarawa and Ogun.

Those who are managing to pay have slashed the salaries between 30 to 50
percent, while others have stopped paying leave grants, pensions and other
workers entitlements.

Over 2,000 teachers in Kaduna are yet to get their salaries for over six months
now, Daily Trust reports.

Some teachers in the state have been finding it difficult to get their monthly
pay since the verification exercise conducted for civil servants last year by
the present administration.

The commissioner of education in the state, Dr. Shehu Usman Adamu in a recent
interview said that there were over 32,000 teachers in the primary schools out
of which only 2,717 had not been paid because they had same PSN number or
related issues.

Our reporter also learnt that local government workers did not get their
salaries for January but later got two months' salary at the end of February
while some depending on the LG have also been paid for March but some are yet to
receive their salaries for three months.

Similarly, districts heads and village heads in some local government areas of
the states have not received salaries for months ranging from five to nine.

"Zangon Kataf LG paid the district heads' salaries for some months in arrears
while payment for the remaining months is still pending. Those of Kaura LG have
not been paid for over 10 months now," a source said.

In Kwara state both state and local government workers are still being owed many
months salaries.

The most affected people are teachers, council staff and workers of the state
owned tertiary institutions who at are being owed about seven month salaries.

The Nigerian Labour Congress chairman in the state, Comrade Yekeen Agunbiade
said the core civil servants in the state had been paid up to date except those
who had issues with the biometric verification and BVN while those in the
service of SUBEB, local government and parastatals were being owed.

[#x200e]"State government still owes staff of state tertiary institutions about
seven month salary, two months is 2016 and backlog of about five months from
last year.

"Junior Secondary School teachers under SUBEB are being owed six months salaries
and the primary school teachers as well.

Also, establishments such as the state owned media house are owed one month
while the Art Council workers are owed two months salaries," Agubiade said.

Staff of the water corporation are owed over five months and they are on strike
now.

The Senior Special Assistant to Governor Abdulfattah Ahmed, Dr. Muideen Akorede
said the teachers who were still being owed were local government teachers.

In Kogi state, Daily Trust reports that state workers are still being owed four
months' salaries.

State Chairman of Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Onuh Edoka, said
government was yet to pay salaries for the month of December 2015 as well as
January, February and March 2016.

Governor Yahaya Bello who assumed office on January 27, 2016 has so far cleared
two months out of the arrears of salaries being owed state workers.

Daily Trust reports that the worst hit in terms of payment of salaries are
teachers and local government workers as their arrears date back to September
2013.

In Yobe, some council staff, primary school teachers and the primary health-care
staff are owed salaries for months.

The commissioner for local government and chieftaincy affairs, Alhaji Dawa
Maigari told our correspondent that the situation arose due to short fall from
the federal account.

Emir of Fika and chairman of Yobe Council of Chiefs, Dr. Muhammadu Ibn Abali
Muhammadu Idrissa, said recently that some traditional rulers, mostly village
heads had not received salaries for close to two years.

The Bauchi state government owes workers four months salaries, an adviser to the
state governor, Comrade Sabo Mohammed told Daily Trust.

He said since November 2015, the state government had been putting an average of
N400 million to augment the payment of local government salaries as their grant
kept fluctuating and could not meet the amount needed to pay their salaries.

However, he said the situation in the state was taking its toll on the life of
an average civil servant in the state.

Local government workers in Delta state are owed eight months salaries, Daily
Trust reports.

It was learnt that the state government is contemplating a 50 percent slash of
the remunerations of its political appointees.

The traditional councils last month received less than 50 percent of their
monthly emolument.

In Katsina state, both state and local government workers are not owing any
outstanding salaries as they have been paid up to last month.

When contacted the secretary to the state government Mustapha Inuwa said the
government was facing serious challenges with regards to sustaining the prompt
payment of salaries.

He said about 26 of the local governments could not pay their salaries from what
they received from the federation account as state government monthly tops up
between N540 - N600 million to ensure salaries are paid.

In Taraba state, primary schools teachers and local government workers were not
paid their salaries for two months while civil servants complained of illegal
deduction of their salaries.

Daily Trust finding revealed that workers in the 16 local government councils
were not paid salary for the Months of January and March.

Our investigation further revealed that primary schools teachers were also not
paid salary for two months while local government pensioners were not paid
pension for several months.

In Benue state, the state and local government workers are yet to receive any
salary since the beginning of this year.

In Oyo State, a consultative committee comprising labour and government
representatives has been set up to recommend the best way forward in the face of
the state's dwindling revenue with a view to fashioning out modalities of
defraying a five-month salary arrears.

However, the labour unions have issued a seven-day ultimatum to the government
to pay the five-month salary arrears.

The Chairman of Nigeria Union of Teachers (NUT) Nasarawa State Francis Tete said
primary school teachers in the state are now forced to receive less than 30 to
20 percent of their salaries from the local government authorities since
November last year.

"As am talking to you there is no fixed salaries for primary school teachers.
Teachers are receiving less than 20 percent of their salaries and NUT had taken
several steps to end this ungodly act but to no avail," he said.

Workers in Imo state are yet to receive the February and March salaries.
Although, they were paid January

Salary, it was slashed by 30 percent.

The state government and the Labour unions had during the December protest
agreed for 70 percent and 30 percent payment of salaries but the delay in the
payment of the salaries has been a source of worry to workers.

In Kano, Daily Trust gathered that the state had a total workforce of about 160,
000 workers comprising 32, 000 for the local government, 63, 000 for the state
and 65, 000 for the State Universal Basic Education Board (SUBEB).

According to the state's Head of Service, Malam Muhammad Auwal Na'iya, the state
is spending N8.3bn on salaries monthly.

He said the government has sustained regular payment of salaries to its workers,
noting that government does not owe workers salaries.

However, Daily Trust findings indicated that there were 1,800 teachers employed
by the immediate past administration in January last year whose eight months'
salaries have not been paid to them.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Regulatory update: Colorado Public Utilities Commission; Colorado Public
Utilities Commission , has issued (16A-0205CP ) Notice of Application filed

LENGTH: 1653  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Denver: Colorado Public Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(filing):



 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF COLORADO

 1560 Broadway, Suite 250

 Denver, Colorado 80202

 * * *

 NOTICE OF APPLICATIONS FILED

 TO: ALL INTERESTED PERSONS, FIRMS OR CORPORATIONS

 You are notified that the applications summarized here have been filed with the
Colorado Public Utilities

 Commission. Applications are available for public inspection at the offices of
the Commission, between 8:00 a.m. and

 5:00 p.m., excluding weekends and state holidays.



 Any person desiring to intervene as a party in any permanent application shall
file an original and three copies of

 an appropriate pleading within 30 days after the date of this Notice, or in any
lesser time stated here. Any person desiring

 to intervene as a party in any temporary application shall file an original and
three copies of an appropriate pleading

 within five days after the date of this Notice. The person filing the pleading
must certify, by written statement, that a

 copy has been served upon the applicant's attorney or the applicant, if no
attorney is named.

 Commission staff is permitted to intervene by right in any proceeding.
Commission staff shall be permitted to

 file its notice of intervention within seven days after the time otherwise
specified above.

 The Commission may, without a hearing or further notice, determine any verified
application or petition which is

 uncontested or unopposed, if a hearing is not requested or required by law.

 If an applicant does not file its testimony or a detailed summary of testimony,
and copies of its exhibits with its

 application, the applicant shall file and serve its list of witnesses and
copies of its exhibits within ten days after the

 conclusion of the notice period.

 Each intervenor in transportation application proceedings shall file and serve
its list of witnesses and copies of

 its exhibits. If the applicant has filed its testimony or a detailed summary of
testimony, and copies of exhibits with the

 application, each intervenor shall file and serve its list of witnesses and
copies of its exhibits not later than ten days

 after the conclusion of the notice period. If the applicant has not filed its
testimony or a detailed summary of

 testimony, and copies of exhibits with the application, each intervenor shall
file and serve its list of witnesses and

 copies of its exhibits not later than 20 days after the notice period has
expired.

 If a party does not meet the requirements of this Notice, the Commission may
dismiss the application or an

 intervention upon motion filed by any other party, or upon the Commission's own
motion, unless good cause for the

 failure to meet the requirements is shown.

 The Commission will notify the parties of the time and location of the hearing.
No motion for continuance of the

 hearing date will be granted except for good cause. As of the time of this
Notice, the Commission has not deemed the

 applications complete within the meaning of §40-6-109.5, C.R.S.

 SEAL

 DOUG DEAN

 Director

 Dated at Denver, Colorado this

 4th day of April, 2016

 Colorado PUC E-Filings System

 April 4, 2016

 Page 2

 IN THE MATTER OF SENIOR HOUSING OPTIONS DOING BUSINESS AS MESA VISTA ASSISTED
LIVING & ADULT DAY PROGRAM FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE AS A CONTRACT CARRIER BY
MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0119BP

 APPLICANT:

 Mesa Visted Assisted Living

 1510 17th Street

 Denver, CO 80202

 FILED ON:

 February 25, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Garfield
and Mesa, State of Colorado. This application is restricted: (A) to the
transportation of passengers who are recipients of Medicaid; and, (B) to
providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT) services for the Colorado Department
of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570 Grant Street, Denver, Colorado.
Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is
seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF WESTERN SLOPE RIDES FILING AN APPLICATION BEFORE THE
COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF COLORADO REQUESTING A PERMIT TO OPERATE SHUTTLE AND
TRANSPORTATION SERVICES.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0205CP

 APPLICANT:

 Western Slope Rides LLC

 P.O. Box 2102

 Ridgway, CO 81432

 FILED ON:

 March 28, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the
transportation of passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service between all
points in the Counties of Montrose, Ouray, and San Miguel, State of Colorado,
and between said points on the one hand, and all points in the Counties of
Delta, Dolores, Garfield, Gunnison, Hinsdale, La Plata, Mesa, Montezuma, Pitkin,
and San Juan, State of Colorado, on the other hand. Applicant has not filed its
testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a Commission
decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 3

 IN THE MATTER OF OF THE APPLICATION OF OT TOURS, LLC FOR A CERTIFICATE OF
PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY TO OPERATE AS A COMMON CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE
FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0206CP

 APPLICANT:

 OT Tours LLC

 4570 East Yale Avenue

 Apartment 104

 Denver, CO 80222

 ATTORNEY:

 Igor Raykin

 Kishinersky & Raykin, LLC

 2851 South Parker Road Suite 150

 Aurora, CO 80001

 FILED ON:

 March 29, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the
transportation of passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service, call-and-demand
charter service, and call-and-demand sightseeing service between all points in
the Counties of Adams, Arapahoe, Broomfield, Boulder, Clear Creek, Denver,
Douglas, Eagle, Gilpin, Grand, Jefferson, Larimer, Pitkin, Routt, and Summit,
State of Colorado. Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with its
application, and is seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF SMART RIDE LLC FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE AS A
CONTRACT CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0209BP

 APPLICANT:

 Smart Ride, LLC

 1071 South Joplin Way

 Aurora, CO 80017

 FILED ON:

 March 29, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Adams,
Arapahoe, Boulder, Denver, Douglas, and Jefferson, State of Colorado. This
application is restricted: (A) to the transportation of passengers who are
recipients of Medicaid; (B) to providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT)
services for the Colorado Department of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570
Grant Street, Denver, Colorado; (C) against providing transportation services to
or from airports, hotels and motels; (D) to no more than two (2) vehicles in
service at any one time; and, (E) against providing service in Douglas County,
Colorado south of a line beginning on the Douglas and Jefferson County boundary,
to a point on the Douglas and Elbert County boundary, said line being an
east-west line drawn through Exit 172 of Interstate Highway I-25. Applicant has
not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a
Commission decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 4

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER CONTRACT CARRIER
PERMIT NO. B-9917 FROM ALLIANCE TRANSPORTATION (LARISA LIVITZ) TO ALLIANCE
TRANSPORTATION (BESRAT BEJIGA, BEHAILU LEGGESE, AND AMARE TNLILA).

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0227BP-XFER

 APPLICANT:

 TRANSFEROR

 Alliance Transportation Inc.

 P.O. Box 370026

 Denver, CO 80237

 TRANSFEREE

 Alliance Transportation Inc.*

 2534 South Fundy Circle

 Aurora, CO 80013

 FILED ON:

 March 31, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the transfer of Contract Carrier
Permit No. B-9917 from Alliance Transportation (Larisa Livitz) to Alliance
Transportation (Besrat Bejiga, Behailu Leggese, and Amare Tnlila). Applicant has
not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a
Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF FOUR ACES TRANSPO, LLC FOR AN ORDER OF THE
COMMISSSION AUTHORIZING A SUSPENSION OF CERTIFICATE OF PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND
NECESSITY NO. 55787.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0233CP-SUSP

 APPLICANT:

 Four Aces Transpo LLC

 P.O. Box 370533

 Denver, CO 80237

 ATTORNEY:

 Mr. Charles J. Kimball Esq

 Kimball & Nespor P C

 5400 Ward Road

 Building III, Suite 150

 Arvada, CO 80002

 FILED ON:

 April 4, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the suspension of operations under
Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity PUC No. 55787 from April 7, 2016
through October 7, 2016. Notices to intervene as of right or motions to
permissively intervene in this proceeding must be filed with the Commission
within ten (10) days of the date of this notice. Applicant has not filed its
testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a Commission
decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 5

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER CERTIFICATE OF
PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY NO. 55787 FROM FOUR ACES TRANSPO, LLC TO
RAMBLIN' EXPRESS, INC.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0236CP-XFER

 APPLICANT:

 TRANSFEROR

 Four Aces Transpo LLC

 P.O. Box 370533

 Denver, CO 80237

 TRANSFEREE

 Ramblin' Express, Inc.

 5401 East 48th Avenue

 Denver, CO 80216

 ATTORNEY:

 FOR APPLICANTS

 Mr. Charles J. Kimball Esq

 Kimball & Nespor P C

 5400 Ward Road

 Building III, Suite 150

 Arvada, CO 80002

 FILED ON:



 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the transfer of Certificate of
Public Convenience and Necessity PUC No. 55787 from Four Aces Transpo, LLC to
Ramblin' Express, Inc. Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with
its application, and is seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Regulatory update: Colorado Public Utilities Commission; Colorado Public
Utilities Commission , has issued (16A-0206CP ) Notice of Application filed on
4-4-2016

LENGTH: 1649  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Denver: Colorado Public Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(filing):



 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF COLORADO

 1560 Broadway, Suite 250

 Denver, Colorado 80202

 * * *

 NOTICE OF APPLICATIONS FILED

 TO: ALL INTERESTED PERSONS, FIRMS OR CORPORATIONS

 You are notified that the applications summarized here have been filed with the
Colorado Public Utilities

 Commission. Applications are available for public inspection at the offices of
the Commission, between 8:00 a.m. and

 5:00 p.m., excluding weekends and state holidays.



 Any person desiring to intervene as a party in any permanent application shall
file an original and three copies of

 an appropriate pleading within 30 days after the date of this Notice, or in any
lesser time stated here. Any person desiring

 to intervene as a party in any temporary application shall file an original and
three copies of an appropriate pleading

 within five days after the date of this Notice. The person filing the pleading
must certify, by written statement, that a

 copy has been served upon the applicant's attorney or the applicant, if no
attorney is named.

 Commission staff is permitted to intervene by right in any proceeding.
Commission staff shall be permitted to

 file its notice of intervention within seven days after the time otherwise
specified above.

 The Commission may, without a hearing or further notice, determine any verified
application or petition which is

 uncontested or unopposed, if a hearing is not requested or required by law.

 If an applicant does not file its testimony or a detailed summary of testimony,
and copies of its exhibits with its

 application, the applicant shall file and serve its list of witnesses and
copies of its exhibits within ten days after the

 conclusion of the notice period.

 Each intervenor in transportation application proceedings shall file and serve
its list of witnesses and copies of

 its exhibits. If the applicant has filed its testimony or a detailed summary of
testimony, and copies of exhibits with the

 application, each intervenor shall file and serve its list of witnesses and
copies of its exhibits not later than ten days

 after the conclusion of the notice period. If the applicant has not filed its
testimony or a detailed summary of

 testimony, and copies of exhibits with the application, each intervenor shall
file and serve its list of witnesses and

 copies of its exhibits not later than 20 days after the notice period has
expired.

 If a party does not meet the requirements of this Notice, the Commission may
dismiss the application or an

 intervention upon motion filed by any other party, or upon the Commission's own
motion, unless good cause for the

 failure to meet the requirements is shown.

 The Commission will notify the parties of the time and location of the hearing.
No motion for continuance of the

 hearing date will be granted except for good cause. As of the time of this
Notice, the Commission has not deemed the

 applications complete within the meaning of §40-6-109.5, C.R.S.

 SEAL

 DOUG DEAN

 Director

 Dated at Denver, Colorado this

 4th day of April, 2016

 Colorado PUC E-Filings System

 April 4, 2016

 Page 2

 IN THE MATTER OF SENIOR HOUSING OPTIONS DOING BUSINESS AS MESA VISTA ASSISTED
LIVING & ADULT DAY PROGRAM FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE AS A CONTRACT CARRIER BY
MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0119BP

 APPLICANT:

 Mesa Visted Assisted Living

 1510 17th Street

 Denver, CO 80202

 FILED ON:

 February 25, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Garfield
and Mesa, State of Colorado. This application is restricted: (A) to the
transportation of passengers who are recipients of Medicaid; and, (B) to
providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT) services for the Colorado Department
of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570 Grant Street, Denver, Colorado.
Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is
seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF WESTERN SLOPE RIDES FILING AN APPLICATION BEFORE THE
COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF COLORADO REQUESTING A PERMIT TO OPERATE SHUTTLE AND
TRANSPORTATION SERVICES.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0205CP

 APPLICANT:

 Western Slope Rides LLC

 P.O. Box 2102

 Ridgway, CO 81432

 FILED ON:

 March 28, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the
transportation of passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service between all
points in the Counties of Montrose, Ouray, and San Miguel, State of Colorado,
and between said points on the one hand, and all points in the Counties of
Delta, Dolores, Garfield, Gunnison, Hinsdale, La Plata, Mesa, Montezuma, Pitkin,
and San Juan, State of Colorado, on the other hand. Applicant has not filed its
testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a Commission
decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 3

 IN THE MATTER OF OF THE APPLICATION OF OT TOURS, LLC FOR A CERTIFICATE OF
PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY TO OPERATE AS A COMMON CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE
FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0206CP

 APPLICANT:

 OT Tours LLC

 4570 East Yale Avenue

 Apartment 104

 Denver, CO 80222

 ATTORNEY:

 Igor Raykin

 Kishinersky & Raykin, LLC

 2851 South Parker Road Suite 150

 Aurora, CO 80001

 FILED ON:

 March 29, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the
transportation of passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service, call-and-demand
charter service, and call-and-demand sightseeing service between all points in
the Counties of Adams, Arapahoe, Broomfield, Boulder, Clear Creek, Denver,
Douglas, Eagle, Gilpin, Grand, Jefferson, Larimer, Pitkin, Routt, and Summit,
State of Colorado. Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with its
application, and is seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF SMART RIDE LLC FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE AS A
CONTRACT CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0209BP

 APPLICANT:

 Smart Ride, LLC

 1071 South Joplin Way

 Aurora, CO 80017

 FILED ON:

 March 29, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Adams,
Arapahoe, Boulder, Denver, Douglas, and Jefferson, State of Colorado. This
application is restricted: (A) to the transportation of passengers who are
recipients of Medicaid; (B) to providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT)
services for the Colorado Department of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570
Grant Street, Denver, Colorado; (C) against providing transportation services to
or from airports, hotels and motels; (D) to no more than two (2) vehicles in
service at any one time; and, (E) against providing service in Douglas County,
Colorado south of a line beginning on the Douglas and Jefferson County boundary,
to a point on the Douglas and Elbert County boundary, said line being an
east-west line drawn through Exit 172 of Interstate Highway I-25. Applicant has
not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a
Commission decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 4

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER CONTRACT CARRIER
PERMIT NO. B-9917 FROM ALLIANCE TRANSPORTATION (LARISA LIVITZ) TO ALLIANCE
TRANSPORTATION (BESRAT BEJIGA, BEHAILU LEGGESE, AND AMARE TNLILA).

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0227BP-XFER

 APPLICANT:

 TRANSFEROR

 Alliance Transportation Inc.

 P.O. Box 370026

 Denver, CO 80237

 TRANSFEREE

 Alliance Transportation Inc.*

 2534 South Fundy Circle

 Aurora, CO 80013

 FILED ON:

 March 31, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the transfer of Contract Carrier
Permit No. B-9917 from Alliance Transportation (Larisa Livitz) to Alliance
Transportation (Besrat Bejiga, Behailu Leggese, and Amare Tnlila). Applicant has
not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a
Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF FOUR ACES TRANSPO, LLC FOR AN ORDER OF THE
COMMISSSION AUTHORIZING A SUSPENSION OF CERTIFICATE OF PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND
NECESSITY NO. 55787.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0233CP-SUSP

 APPLICANT:

 Four Aces Transpo LLC

 P.O. Box 370533

 Denver, CO 80237

 ATTORNEY:

 Mr. Charles J. Kimball Esq

 Kimball & Nespor P C

 5400 Ward Road

 Building III, Suite 150

 Arvada, CO 80002

 FILED ON:



 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the suspension of operations under
Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity PUC No. 55787 from April 7, 2016
through October 7, 2016. Notices to intervene as of right or motions to
permissively intervene in this proceeding must be filed with the Commission
within ten (10) days of the date of this notice. Applicant has not filed its
testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a Commission
decision within 210 days.



 Page 5

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER CERTIFICATE OF
PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY NO. 55787 FROM FOUR ACES TRANSPO, LLC TO
RAMBLIN' EXPRESS, INC.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0236CP-XFER

 APPLICANT:

 TRANSFEROR

 Four Aces Transpo LLC

 P.O. Box 370533

 Denver, CO 80237

 TRANSFEREE

 Ramblin' Express, Inc.

 5401 East 48th Avenue

 Denver, CO 80216

 ATTORNEY:

 FOR APPLICANTS

 Mr. Charles J. Kimball Esq

 Kimball & Nespor P C

 5400 Ward Road

 Building III, Suite 150

 Arvada, CO 80002

 FILED ON:



 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the transfer of Certificate of
Public Convenience and Necessity PUC No. 55787 from Four Aces Transpo, LLC to
Ramblin' Express, Inc. Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with
its application, and is seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Regulatory update: Colorado Public Utilities Commission; Colorado Public
Utilities Commission, has issued (16A-0209BP ) Notice of Application filed

LENGTH: 1655  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Denver: Colorado Public Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(filing):



 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF COLORADO

 1560 Broadway, Suite 250

 Denver, Colorado 80202

 * * *

 NOTICE OF APPLICATIONS FILED

 TO: ALL INTERESTED PERSONS, FIRMS OR CORPORATIONS

 You are notified that the applications summarized here have been filed with the
Colorado Public Utilities Commission. Applications are available for public
inspection at the offices of the Commission, between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m.,
excluding weekends and state holidays.



 Any person desiring to intervene as a party in any permanent application shall
file an original and three copies of an appropriate pleading within 30 days
after the date of this Notice, or in any lesser time stated here. Any person
desiring to intervene as a party in any temporary application shall file an
original and three copies of an appropriate pleading within five days after the
date of this Notice. The person filing the pleading must certify, by written
statement, that a copy has been served upon the applicant's attorney or the
applicant, if no attorney is named.

 Commission staff is permitted to intervene by right in any proceeding.
Commission staff shall be permitted to file its notice of intervention within
seven days after the time otherwise specified above.

 The Commission may, without a hearing or further notice, determine any verified
application or petition which is uncontested or unopposed, if a hearing is not
requested or required by law.

 If an applicant does not file its testimony or a detailed summary of testimony,
and copies of its exhibits with its application, the applicant shall file and
serve its list of witnesses and copies of its exhibits within ten days after the
conclusion of the notice period.

 Each intervenor in transportation application proceedings shall file and serve
its list of witnesses and copies of its exhibits. If the applicant has filed its
testimony or a detailed summary of testimony, and copies of exhibits with the
application, each intervenor shall file and serve its list of witnesses and
copies of its exhibits not later than ten days after the conclusion of the
notice period. If the applicant has not filed its testimony or a detailed
summary of testimony, and copies of exhibits with the application, each
intervenor shall file and serve its list of witnesses and copies of its exhibits
not later than 20 days after the notice period has expired.

 If a party does not meet the requirements of this Notice, the Commission may
dismiss the application or an intervention upon motion filed by any other party,
or upon the Commission's own motion, unless good cause for the failure to meet
the requirements is shown.

 The Commission will notify the parties of the time and location of the hearing.
No motion for continuance of the hearing date will be granted except for good
cause. As of the time of this Notice, the Commission has not deemed the
applications complete within the meaning of §40-6-109.5, C.R.S.

 SEAL

 DOUG DEAN

 Director

 Dated at Denver, Colorado this 4th day of April, 2016

 Colorado PUC E-Filings System

 April 4, 2016

 Page 2

 IN THE MATTER OF SENIOR HOUSING OPTIONS DOING BUSINESS AS MESA VISTA ASSISTED
LIVING & ADULT DAY PROGRAM FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE AS A CONTRACT CARRIER BY
MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0119BP

 APPLICANT:

 Mesa Visted Assisted Living

 1510 17th Street

 Denver, CO 80202

 FILED ON:

 February 25, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Garfield
and Mesa, State of Colorado. This application is restricted: (A) to the
transportation of passengers who are recipients of Medicaid; and, (B) to
providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT) services for the Colorado Department
of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570 Grant Street, Denver, Colorado.
Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is
seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF WESTERN SLOPE RIDES FILING AN APPLICATION BEFORE THE
COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF COLORADO REQUESTING A PERMIT TO OPERATE SHUTTLE AND
TRANSPORTATION SERVICES.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0205CP

 APPLICANT:

 Western Slope Rides LLC

 P.O. Box 2102

 Ridgway, CO 81432

 FILED ON:

 March 28, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the
transportation of passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service between all
points in the Counties of Montrose, Ouray, and San Miguel, State of Colorado,
and between said points on the one hand, and all points in the Counties of
Delta, Dolores, Garfield, Gunnison, Hinsdale, La Plata, Mesa, Montezuma, Pitkin,
and San Juan, State of Colorado, on the other hand. Applicant has not filed its
testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a Commission
decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 3

 IN THE MATTER OF OF THE APPLICATION OF OT TOURS, LLC FOR A CERTIFICATE OF
PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY TO OPERATE AS A COMMON CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE
FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0206CP

 APPLICANT:

 OT Tours LLC

 4570 East Yale Avenue

 Apartment 104

 Denver, CO 80222

 ATTORNEY:

 Igor Raykin

 Kishinersky & Raykin, LLC

 2851 South Parker Road Suite 150

 Aurora, CO 80001

 FILED ON:

 March 29, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the
transportation of passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service, call-and-demand
charter service, and call-and-demand sightseeing service between all points in
the Counties of Adams, Arapahoe, Broomfield, Boulder, Clear Creek, Denver,
Douglas, Eagle, Gilpin, Grand, Jefferson, Larimer, Pitkin, Routt, and Summit,
State of Colorado. Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with its
application, and is seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF SMART RIDE LLC FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE AS A
CONTRACT CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0209BP

 APPLICANT:

 Smart Ride, LLC

 1071 South Joplin Way

 Aurora, CO 80017

 FILED ON:

 March 29, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Adams,
Arapahoe, Boulder, Denver, Douglas, and Jefferson, State of Colorado. This
application is restricted: (A) to the transportation of passengers who are
recipients of Medicaid; (B) to providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT)
services for the Colorado Department of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570
Grant Street, Denver, Colorado; (C) against providing transportation services to
or from airports, hotels and motels; (D) to no more than two (2) vehicles in
service at any one time; and, (E) against providing service in Douglas County,
Colorado south of a line beginning on the Douglas and Jefferson County boundary,
to a point on the Douglas and Elbert County boundary, said line being an
east-west line drawn through Exit 172 of Interstate Highway I-25. Applicant has
not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a
Commission decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 4

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER CONTRACT CARRIER
PERMIT NO. B-9917 FROM ALLIANCE TRANSPORTATION (LARISA LIVITZ) TO ALLIANCE
TRANSPORTATION (BESRAT BEJIGA, BEHAILU LEGGESE, AND AMARE TNLILA).

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0227BP-XFER

 APPLICANT:

 TRANSFEROR

 Alliance Transportation Inc.

 P.O. Box 370026

 Denver, CO 80237

 TRANSFEREE

 Alliance Transportation Inc.*

 2534 South Fundy Circle

 Aurora, CO 80013

 FILED ON:

 March 31, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the transfer of Contract Carrier
Permit No. B-9917 from Alliance Transportation (Larisa Livitz) to Alliance
Transportation (Besrat Bejiga, Behailu Leggese, and Amare Tnlila). Applicant has
not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a
Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF FOUR ACES TRANSPO, LLC FOR AN ORDER OF THE
COMMISSSION AUTHORIZING A SUSPENSION OF CERTIFICATE OF PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND
NECESSITY NO. 55787.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0233CP-SUSP

 APPLICANT:

 Four Aces Transpo LLC

 P.O. Box 370533

 Denver, CO 80237

 ATTORNEY:

 Mr. Charles J. Kimball Esq

 Kimball & Nespor P C

 5400 Ward Road

 Building III, Suite 150

 Arvada, CO 80002

 FILED ON:

 April 4, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the suspension of operations under
Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity PUC No. 55787 from April 7, 2016
through October 7, 2016. Notices to intervene as of right or motions to
permissively intervene in this proceeding must be filed with the Commission
within ten (10) days of the date of this notice. Applicant has not filed its
testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a Commission
decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 5

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER CERTIFICATE OF
PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY NO. 55787 FROM FOUR ACES TRANSPO, LLC TO
RAMBLIN' EXPRESS, INC.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0236CP-XFER

 APPLICANT:

 TRANSFEROR

 Four Aces Transpo LLC

 P.O. Box 370533

 Denver, CO 80237

 TRANSFEREE

 Ramblin' Express, Inc.

 5401 East 48th Avenue

 Denver, CO 80216

 ATTORNEY:

 FOR APPLICANTS

 Mr. Charles J. Kimball Esq

 Kimball & Nespor P C

 5400 Ward Road

 Building III, Suite 150

 Arvada, CO 80002

 FILED ON:

 April 4, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the transfer of Certificate of
Public Convenience and Necessity PUC No. 55787 from Four Aces Transpo, LLC to
Ramblin' Express, Inc. Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with
its application, and is seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Regulatory update: Colorado Public Utilities Commission; Colorado Public
Utilities Commissio , has issued (16A-0227BP-XFER ) Notice of Application filed
on 4-4-2016

LENGTH: 1655  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Denver: Colorado Public Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(filing):



 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF COLORADO

 1560 Broadway, Suite 250

 Denver, Colorado 80202

 * * *

 NOTICE OF APPLICATIONS FILED

 TO: ALL INTERESTED PERSONS, FIRMS OR CORPORATIONS

 You are notified that the applications summarized here have been filed with the
Colorado Public Utilities Commission. Applications are available for public
inspection at the offices of the Commission, between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m.,
excluding weekends and state holidays.



 Any person desiring to intervene as a party in any permanent application shall
file an original and three copies of an appropriate pleading within 30 days
after the date of this Notice, or in any lesser time stated here. Any person
desiring to intervene as a party in any temporary application shall file an
original and three copies of an appropriate pleading within five days after the
date of this Notice. The person filing the pleading must certify, by written
statement, that a copy has been served upon the applicant's attorney or the
applicant, if no attorney is named.

 Commission staff is permitted to intervene by right in any proceeding.
Commission staff shall be permitted to file its notice of intervention within
seven days after the time otherwise specified above.

 The Commission may, without a hearing or further notice, determine any verified
application or petition which is uncontested or unopposed, if a hearing is not
requested or required by law.

 If an applicant does not file its testimony or a detailed summary of testimony,
and copies of its exhibits with its application, the applicant shall file and
serve its list of witnesses and copies of its exhibits within ten days after the
conclusion of the notice period.

 Each intervenor in transportation application proceedings shall file and serve
its list of witnesses and copies of its exhibits. If the applicant has filed its
testimony or a detailed summary of testimony, and copies of exhibits with the
application, each intervenor shall file and serve its list of witnesses and
copies of its exhibits not later than ten days after the conclusion of the
notice period. If the applicant has not filed its testimony or a detailed
summary of testimony, and copies of exhibits with the application, each
intervenor shall file and serve its list of witnesses and copies of its exhibits
not later than 20 days after the notice period has expired.

 If a party does not meet the requirements of this Notice, the Commission may
dismiss the application or an intervention upon motion filed by any other party,
or upon the Commission's own motion, unless good cause for the failure to meet
the requirements is shown.

 The Commission will notify the parties of the time and location of the hearing.
No motion for continuance of the hearing date will be granted except for good
cause. As of the time of this Notice, the Commission has not deemed the
applications complete within the meaning of §40-6-109.5, C.R.S.

 SEAL

 DOUG DEAN

 Director

 Dated at Denver, Colorado this 4th day of April, 2016

 Colorado PUC E-Filings System

 April 4, 2016

 Page 2

 IN THE MATTER OF SENIOR HOUSING OPTIONS DOING BUSINESS AS MESA VISTA ASSISTED
LIVING & ADULT DAY PROGRAM FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE AS A CONTRACT CARRIER BY
MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0119BP

 APPLICANT:

 Mesa Visted Assisted Living

 1510 17th Street

 Denver, CO 80202

 FILED ON:

 February 25, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Garfield
and Mesa, State of Colorado. This application is restricted: (A) to the
transportation of passengers who are recipients of Medicaid; and, (B) to
providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT) services for the Colorado Department
of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570 Grant Street, Denver, Colorado.
Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is
seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF WESTERN SLOPE RIDES FILING AN APPLICATION BEFORE THE
COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF COLORADO REQUESTING A PERMIT TO OPERATE SHUTTLE AND
TRANSPORTATION SERVICES.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0205CP

 APPLICANT:

 Western Slope Rides LLC

 P.O. Box 2102

 Ridgway, CO 81432

 FILED ON:

 March 28, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the
transportation of passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service between all
points in the Counties of Montrose, Ouray, and San Miguel, State of Colorado,
and between said points on the one hand, and all points in the Counties of
Delta, Dolores, Garfield, Gunnison, Hinsdale, La Plata, Mesa, Montezuma, Pitkin,
and San Juan, State of Colorado, on the other hand. Applicant has not filed its
testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a Commission
decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 3

 IN THE MATTER OF OF THE APPLICATION OF OT TOURS, LLC FOR A CERTIFICATE OF
PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY TO OPERATE AS A COMMON CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE
FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0206CP

 APPLICANT:

 OT Tours LLC

 4570 East Yale Avenue

 Apartment 104

 Denver, CO 80222

 ATTORNEY:

 Igor Raykin

 Kishinersky & Raykin, LLC

 2851 South Parker Road Suite 150

 Aurora, CO 80001

 FILED ON:

 March 29, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the
transportation of passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service, call-and-demand
charter service, and call-and-demand sightseeing service between all points in
the Counties of Adams, Arapahoe, Broomfield, Boulder, Clear Creek, Denver,
Douglas, Eagle, Gilpin, Grand, Jefferson, Larimer, Pitkin, Routt, and Summit,
State of Colorado. Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with its
application, and is seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF SMART RIDE LLC FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE AS A
CONTRACT CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0209BP

 APPLICANT:

 Smart Ride, LLC

 1071 South Joplin Way

 Aurora, CO 80017

 FILED ON:

 March 29, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Adams,
Arapahoe, Boulder, Denver, Douglas, and Jefferson, State of Colorado. This
application is restricted: (A) to the transportation of passengers who are
recipients of Medicaid; (B) to providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT)
services for the Colorado Department of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570
Grant Street, Denver, Colorado; (C) against providing transportation services to
or from airports, hotels and motels; (D) to no more than two (2) vehicles in
service at any one time; and, (E) against providing service in Douglas County,
Colorado south of a line beginning on the Douglas and Jefferson County boundary,
to a point on the Douglas and Elbert County boundary, said line being an
east-west line drawn through Exit 172 of Interstate Highway I-25. Applicant has
not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a
Commission decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 4

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER CONTRACT CARRIER
PERMIT NO. B-9917 FROM ALLIANCE TRANSPORTATION (LARISA LIVITZ) TO ALLIANCE
TRANSPORTATION (BESRAT BEJIGA, BEHAILU LEGGESE, AND AMARE TNLILA).

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0227BP-XFER

 APPLICANT:

 TRANSFEROR

 Alliance Transportation Inc.

 P.O. Box 370026

 Denver, CO 80237

 TRANSFEREE

 Alliance Transportation Inc.*

 2534 South Fundy Circle

 Aurora, CO 80013

 FILED ON:

 March 31, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the transfer of Contract Carrier
Permit No. B-9917 from Alliance Transportation (Larisa Livitz) to Alliance
Transportation (Besrat Bejiga, Behailu Leggese, and Amare Tnlila). Applicant has
not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a
Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF FOUR ACES TRANSPO, LLC FOR AN ORDER OF THE
COMMISSSION AUTHORIZING A SUSPENSION OF CERTIFICATE OF PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND
NECESSITY NO. 55787.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0233CP-SUSP

 APPLICANT:

 Four Aces Transpo LLC

 P.O. Box 370533

 Denver, CO 80237

 ATTORNEY:

 Mr. Charles J. Kimball Esq

 Kimball & Nespor P C

 5400 Ward Road

 Building III, Suite 150

 Arvada, CO 80002

 FILED ON:

 April 4, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the suspension of operations under
Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity PUC No. 55787 from April 7, 2016
through October 7, 2016. Notices to intervene as of right or motions to
permissively intervene in this proceeding must be filed with the Commission
within ten (10) days of the date of this notice. Applicant has not filed its
testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a Commission
decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 5

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER CERTIFICATE OF
PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY NO. 55787 FROM FOUR ACES TRANSPO, LLC TO
RAMBLIN' EXPRESS, INC.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0236CP-XFER

 APPLICANT:

 TRANSFEROR

 Four Aces Transpo LLC

 P.O. Box 370533

 Denver, CO 80237

 TRANSFEREE

 Ramblin' Express, Inc.

 5401 East 48th Avenue

 Denver, CO 80216

 ATTORNEY:

 FOR APPLICANTS

 Mr. Charles J. Kimball Esq

 Kimball & Nespor P C

 5400 Ward Road

 Building III, Suite 150

 Arvada, CO 80002

 FILED ON:

 April 4, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the transfer of Certificate of
Public Convenience and Necessity PUC No. 55787 from Four Aces Transpo, LLC to
Ramblin' Express, Inc. Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with
its application, and is seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Regulatory update: Colorado Public Utilities Commission; Colorado Public
Utilities Commission , has issued (16A-0233CP-SUSP ) Notice of Application filed
on 4-4-2016

LENGTH: 1655  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Denver: Colorado Public Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(filing):



 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF COLORADO

 1560 Broadway, Suite 250

 Denver, Colorado 80202

 * * *

 NOTICE OF APPLICATIONS FILED

 TO: ALL INTERESTED PERSONS, FIRMS OR CORPORATIONS

 You are notified that the applications summarized here have been filed with the
Colorado Public Utilities

 Commission. Applications are available for public inspection at the offices of
the Commission, between 8:00 a.m. and

 5:00 p.m., excluding weekends and state holidays.



 Any person desiring to intervene as a party in any permanent application shall
file an original and three copies of

 an appropriate pleading within 30 days after the date of this Notice, or in any
lesser time stated here. Any person desiring

 to intervene as a party in any temporary application shall file an original and
three copies of an appropriate pleading

 within five days after the date of this Notice. The person filing the pleading
must certify, by written statement, that a

 copy has been served upon the applicant's attorney or the applicant, if no
attorney is named.

 Commission staff is permitted to intervene by right in any proceeding.
Commission staff shall be permitted to

 file its notice of intervention within seven days after the time otherwise
specified above.

 The Commission may, without a hearing or further notice, determine any verified
application or petition which is

 uncontested or unopposed, if a hearing is not requested or required by law.

 If an applicant does not file its testimony or a detailed summary of testimony,
and copies of its exhibits with its

 application, the applicant shall file and serve its list of witnesses and
copies of its exhibits within ten days after the

 conclusion of the notice period.

 Each intervenor in transportation application proceedings shall file and serve
its list of witnesses and copies of

 its exhibits. If the applicant has filed its testimony or a detailed summary of
testimony, and copies of exhibits with the

 application, each intervenor shall file and serve its list of witnesses and
copies of its exhibits not later than ten days

 after the conclusion of the notice period. If the applicant has not filed its
testimony or a detailed summary of

 testimony, and copies of exhibits with the application, each intervenor shall
file and serve its list of witnesses and

 copies of its exhibits not later than 20 days after the notice period has
expired.

 If a party does not meet the requirements of this Notice, the Commission may
dismiss the application or an

 intervention upon motion filed by any other party, or upon the Commission's own
motion, unless good cause for the

 failure to meet the requirements is shown.

 The Commission will notify the parties of the time and location of the hearing.
No motion for continuance of the

 hearing date will be granted except for good cause. As of the time of this
Notice, the Commission has not deemed the

 applications complete within the meaning of §40-6-109.5, C.R.S.

 SEAL

 DOUG DEAN

 Director

 Dated at Denver, Colorado this

 4th day of April, 2016

 Colorado PUC E-Filings System

 April 4, 2016

 Page 2

 IN THE MATTER OF SENIOR HOUSING OPTIONS DOING BUSINESS AS MESA VISTA ASSISTED
LIVING & ADULT DAY PROGRAM FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE AS A CONTRACT CARRIER BY
MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0119BP

 APPLICANT:

 Mesa Visted Assisted Living

 1510 17th Street

 Denver, CO 80202

 FILED ON:

 February 25, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Garfield
and Mesa, State of Colorado. This application is restricted: (A) to the
transportation of passengers who are recipients of Medicaid; and, (B) to
providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT) services for the Colorado Department
of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570 Grant Street, Denver, Colorado.
Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is
seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF WESTERN SLOPE RIDES FILING AN APPLICATION BEFORE THE
COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF COLORADO REQUESTING A PERMIT TO OPERATE SHUTTLE AND
TRANSPORTATION SERVICES.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0205CP

 APPLICANT:

 Western Slope Rides LLC

 P.O. Box 2102

 Ridgway, CO 81432

 FILED ON:

 March 28, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the
transportation of passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service between all
points in the Counties of Montrose, Ouray, and San Miguel, State of Colorado,
and between said points on the one hand, and all points in the Counties of
Delta, Dolores, Garfield, Gunnison, Hinsdale, La Plata, Mesa, Montezuma, Pitkin,
and San Juan, State of Colorado, on the other hand. Applicant has not filed its
testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a Commission
decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 3

 IN THE MATTER OF OF THE APPLICATION OF OT TOURS, LLC FOR A CERTIFICATE OF
PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY TO OPERATE AS A COMMON CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE
FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0206CP

 APPLICANT:

 OT Tours LLC

 4570 East Yale Avenue

 Apartment 104

 Denver, CO 80222

 ATTORNEY:

 Igor Raykin

 Kishinersky & Raykin, LLC

 2851 South Parker Road Suite 150

 Aurora, CO 80001

 FILED ON:

 March 29, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the
transportation of passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service, call-and-demand
charter service, and call-and-demand sightseeing service between all points in
the Counties of Adams, Arapahoe, Broomfield, Boulder, Clear Creek, Denver,
Douglas, Eagle, Gilpin, Grand, Jefferson, Larimer, Pitkin, Routt, and Summit,
State of Colorado. Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with its
application, and is seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF SMART RIDE LLC FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE AS A
CONTRACT CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0209BP

 APPLICANT:

 Smart Ride, LLC

 1071 South Joplin Way

 Aurora, CO 80017

 FILED ON:

 March 29, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Adams,
Arapahoe, Boulder, Denver, Douglas, and Jefferson, State of Colorado. This
application is restricted: (A) to the transportation of passengers who are
recipients of Medicaid; (B) to providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT)
services for the Colorado Department of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570
Grant Street, Denver, Colorado; (C) against providing transportation services to
or from airports, hotels and motels; (D) to no more than two (2) vehicles in
service at any one time; and, (E) against providing service in Douglas County,
Colorado south of a line beginning on the Douglas and Jefferson County boundary,
to a point on the Douglas and Elbert County boundary, said line being an
east-west line drawn through Exit 172 of Interstate Highway I-25. Applicant has
not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a
Commission decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 4

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER CONTRACT CARRIER
PERMIT NO. B-9917 FROM ALLIANCE TRANSPORTATION (LARISA LIVITZ) TO ALLIANCE
TRANSPORTATION (BESRAT BEJIGA, BEHAILU LEGGESE, AND AMARE TNLILA).

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0227BP-XFER

 APPLICANT:

 TRANSFEROR

 Alliance Transportation Inc.

 P.O. Box 370026

 Denver, CO 80237

 TRANSFEREE

 Alliance Transportation Inc.*

 2534 South Fundy Circle

 Aurora, CO 80013

 FILED ON:

 March 31, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the transfer of Contract Carrier
Permit No. B-9917 from Alliance Transportation (Larisa Livitz) to Alliance
Transportation (Besrat Bejiga, Behailu Leggese, and Amare Tnlila). Applicant has
not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a
Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF FOUR ACES TRANSPO, LLC FOR AN ORDER OF THE
COMMISSSION AUTHORIZING A SUSPENSION OF CERTIFICATE OF PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND
NECESSITY NO. 55787.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0233CP-SUSP

 APPLICANT:

 Four Aces Transpo LLC

 P.O. Box 370533

 Denver, CO 80237

 ATTORNEY:

 Mr. Charles J. Kimball Esq

 Kimball & Nespor P C

 5400 Ward Road

 Building III, Suite 150

 Arvada, CO 80002

 FILED ON:

 April 4, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the suspension of operations under
Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity PUC No. 55787 from April 7, 2016
through October 7, 2016. Notices to intervene as of right or motions to
permissively intervene in this proceeding must be filed with the Commission
within ten (10) days of the date of this notice. Applicant has not filed its
testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a Commission
decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 5

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER CERTIFICATE OF
PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY NO. 55787 FROM FOUR ACES TRANSPO, LLC TO
RAMBLIN' EXPRESS, INC.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0236CP-XFER

 APPLICANT:

 TRANSFEROR

 Four Aces Transpo LLC

 P.O. Box 370533

 Denver, CO 80237

 TRANSFEREE

 Ramblin' Express, Inc.

 5401 East 48th Avenue

 Denver, CO 80216

 ATTORNEY:

 FOR APPLICANTS

 Mr. Charles J. Kimball Esq

 Kimball & Nespor P C

 5400 Ward Road

 Building III, Suite 150

 Arvada, CO 80002

 FILED ON:

 April 4, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the transfer of Certificate of
Public Convenience and Necessity PUC No. 55787 from Four Aces Transpo, LLC to
Ramblin' Express, Inc. Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with
its application, and is seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Regulatory update: Colorado Public Utilities Commission;Colorado Public
Utilities Commission , has issued (16A-0236CP-XFER ) Notice of Application filed
o

LENGTH: 1655  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Denver: Colorado Public Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(filing):



 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF COLORADO

 1560 Broadway, Suite 250

 Denver, Colorado 80202

 * * *

 NOTICE OF APPLICATIONS FILED

 TO: ALL INTERESTED PERSONS, FIRMS OR CORPORATIONS

 You are notified that the applications summarized here have been filed with the
Colorado Public Utilities Commission. Applications are available for public
inspection at the offices of the Commission, between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m.,
excluding weekends and state holidays.



 Any person desiring to intervene as a party in any permanent application shall
file an original and three copies of an appropriate pleading within 30 days
after the date of this Notice, or in any lesser time stated here. Any person
desiring to intervene as a party in any temporary application shall file an
original and three copies of an appropriate pleading within five days after the
date of this Notice. The person filing the pleading must certify, by written
statement, that a copy has been served upon the applicant's attorney or the
applicant, if no attorney is named.

 Commission staff is permitted to intervene by right in any proceeding.
Commission staff shall be permitted to file its notice of intervention within
seven days after the time otherwise specified above.

 The Commission may, without a hearing or further notice, determine any verified
application or petition which is uncontested or unopposed, if a hearing is not
requested or required by law.

 If an applicant does not file its testimony or a detailed summary of testimony,
and copies of its exhibits with its application, the applicant shall file and
serve its list of witnesses and copies of its exhibits within ten days after the
conclusion of the notice period.

 Each intervenor in transportation application proceedings shall file and serve
its list of witnesses and copies of its exhibits. If the applicant has filed its
testimony or a detailed summary of testimony, and copies of exhibits with the
application, each intervenor shall file and serve its list of witnesses and
copies of its exhibits not later than ten days after the conclusion of the
notice period. If the applicant has not filed its testimony or a detailed
summary of testimony, and copies of exhibits with the application, each
intervenor shall file and serve its list of witnesses and copies of its exhibits
not later than 20 days after the notice period has expired.

 If a party does not meet the requirements of this Notice, the Commission may
dismiss the application or an intervention upon motion filed by any other party,
or upon the Commission's own motion, unless good cause for the failure to meet
the requirements is shown.

 The Commission will notify the parties of the time and location of the hearing.
No motion for continuance of the hearing date will be granted except for good
cause. As of the time of this Notice, the Commission has not deemed the
applications complete within the meaning of §40-6-109.5, C.R.S.

 SEAL

 DOUG DEAN

 Director

 Dated at Denver, Colorado this 4th day of April, 2016

 Colorado PUC E-Filings System

 April 4, 2016

 Page 2

 IN THE MATTER OF SENIOR HOUSING OPTIONS DOING BUSINESS AS MESA VISTA ASSISTED
LIVING & ADULT DAY PROGRAM FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE AS A CONTRACT CARRIER BY
MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0119BP

 APPLICANT:

 Mesa Visted Assisted Living

 1510 17th Street

 Denver, CO 80202

 FILED ON:

 February 25, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Garfield
and Mesa, State of Colorado. This application is restricted: (A) to the
transportation of passengers who are recipients of Medicaid; and, (B) to
providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT) services for the Colorado Department
of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570 Grant Street, Denver, Colorado.
Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is
seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF WESTERN SLOPE RIDES FILING AN APPLICATION BEFORE THE
COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF COLORADO REQUESTING A PERMIT TO OPERATE SHUTTLE AND
TRANSPORTATION SERVICES.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0205CP

 APPLICANT:

 Western Slope Rides LLC

 P.O. Box 2102

 Ridgway, CO 81432

 FILED ON:

 March 28, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the
transportation of passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service between all
points in the Counties of Montrose, Ouray, and San Miguel, State of Colorado,
and between said points on the one hand, and all points in the Counties of
Delta, Dolores, Garfield, Gunnison, Hinsdale, La Plata, Mesa, Montezuma, Pitkin,
and San Juan, State of Colorado, on the other hand. Applicant has not filed its
testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a Commission
decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 3

 IN THE MATTER OF OF THE APPLICATION OF OT TOURS, LLC FOR A CERTIFICATE OF
PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY TO OPERATE AS A COMMON CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE
FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0206CP

 APPLICANT:

 OT Tours LLC

 4570 East Yale Avenue

 Apartment 104

 Denver, CO 80222

 ATTORNEY:

 Igor Raykin

 Kishinersky & Raykin, LLC

 2851 South Parker Road Suite 150

 Aurora, CO 80001

 FILED ON:

 March 29, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the
transportation of passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service, call-and-demand
charter service, and call-and-demand sightseeing service between all points in
the Counties of Adams, Arapahoe, Broomfield, Boulder, Clear Creek, Denver,
Douglas, Eagle, Gilpin, Grand, Jefferson, Larimer, Pitkin, Routt, and Summit,
State of Colorado. Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with its
application, and is seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF SMART RIDE LLC FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE AS A
CONTRACT CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0209BP

 APPLICANT:

 Smart Ride, LLC

 1071 South Joplin Way

 Aurora, CO 80017

 FILED ON:

 March 29, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Adams,
Arapahoe, Boulder, Denver, Douglas, and Jefferson, State of Colorado. This
application is restricted: (A) to the transportation of passengers who are
recipients of Medicaid; (B) to providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT)
services for the Colorado Department of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570
Grant Street, Denver, Colorado; (C) against providing transportation services to
or from airports, hotels and motels; (D) to no more than two (2) vehicles in
service at any one time; and, (E) against providing service in Douglas County,
Colorado south of a line beginning on the Douglas and Jefferson County boundary,
to a point on the Douglas and Elbert County boundary, said line being an
east-west line drawn through Exit 172 of Interstate Highway I-25. Applicant has
not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a
Commission decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 4

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER CONTRACT CARRIER
PERMIT NO. B-9917 FROM ALLIANCE TRANSPORTATION (LARISA LIVITZ) TO ALLIANCE
TRANSPORTATION (BESRAT BEJIGA, BEHAILU LEGGESE, AND AMARE TNLILA).

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0227BP-XFER

 APPLICANT:

 TRANSFEROR

 Alliance Transportation Inc.

 P.O. Box 370026

 Denver, CO 80237

 TRANSFEREE

 Alliance Transportation Inc.*

 2534 South Fundy Circle

 Aurora, CO 80013

 FILED ON:

 March 31, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the transfer of Contract Carrier
Permit No. B-9917 from Alliance Transportation (Larisa Livitz) to Alliance
Transportation (Besrat Bejiga, Behailu Leggese, and Amare Tnlila). Applicant has
not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a
Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF FOUR ACES TRANSPO, LLC FOR AN ORDER OF THE
COMMISSSION AUTHORIZING A SUSPENSION OF CERTIFICATE OF PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND
NECESSITY NO. 55787.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0233CP-SUSP

 APPLICANT:

 Four Aces Transpo LLC

 P.O. Box 370533

 Denver, CO 80237

 ATTORNEY:

 Mr. Charles J. Kimball Esq

 Kimball & Nespor P C

 5400 Ward Road

 Building III, Suite 150

 Arvada, CO 80002

 FILED ON:

 April 4, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the suspension of operations under
Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity PUC No. 55787 from April 7, 2016
through October 7, 2016. Notices to intervene as of right or motions to
permissively intervene in this proceeding must be filed with the Commission
within ten (10) days of the date of this notice. Applicant has not filed its
testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a Commission
decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 5

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER CERTIFICATE OF
PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY NO. 55787 FROM FOUR ACES TRANSPO, LLC TO
RAMBLIN' EXPRESS, INC.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0236CP-XFER

 APPLICANT:

 TRANSFEROR

 Four Aces Transpo LLC

 P.O. Box 370533

 Denver, CO 80237

 TRANSFEREE

 Ramblin' Express, Inc.

 5401 East 48th Avenue

 Denver, CO 80216

 ATTORNEY:

 FOR APPLICANTS

 Mr. Charles J. Kimball Esq

 Kimball & Nespor P C

 5400 Ward Road

 Building III, Suite 150

 Arvada, CO 80002

 FILED ON:

 April 4, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the transfer of Certificate of
Public Convenience and Necessity PUC No. 55787 from Four Aces Transpo, LLC to
Ramblin' Express, Inc. Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with
its application, and is seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Regulatory update: Colorado Public Utilities Commission; Colorado Public
Utilities Commission, has issued (16A-0119BP ) Notice of Application filed

LENGTH: 1655  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Denver: Colorado Public Utilities Commission has issued the following document
(filing):





 BEFORE THE PUBLIC UTILITIES COMMISSION

 OF THE STATE OF COLORADO

 1560 Broadway, Suite 250

 Denver, Colorado 80202

 * * *

 NOTICE OF APPLICATIONS FILED

 TO: ALL INTERESTED PERSONS, FIRMS OR CORPORATIONS

 You are notified that the applications summarized here have been filed with the
Colorado Public Utilities Commission. Applications are available for public
inspection at the offices of the Commission, between 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m.,
excluding weekends and state holidays.



 Any person desiring to intervene as a party in any permanent application shall
file an original and three copies of an appropriate pleading within 30 days
after the date of this Notice, or in any lesser time stated here. Any person
desiring to intervene as a party in any temporary application shall file an
original and three copies of an appropriate pleading within five days after the
date of this Notice. The person filing the pleading must certify, by written
statement, that a copy has been served upon the applicant's attorney or the
applicant, if no attorney is named.

 Commission staff is permitted to intervene by right in any proceeding.
Commission staff shall be permitted to file its notice of intervention within
seven days after the time otherwise specified above.

 The Commission may, without a hearing or further notice, determine any verified
application or petition which is uncontested or unopposed, if a hearing is not
requested or required by law.

 If an applicant does not file its testimony or a detailed summary of testimony,
and copies of its exhibits with its application, the applicant shall file and
serve its list of witnesses and copies of its exhibits within ten days after the
conclusion of the notice period.

 Each intervenor in transportation application proceedings shall file and serve
its list of witnesses and copies of its exhibits. If the applicant has filed its
testimony or a detailed summary of testimony, and copies of exhibits with the
application, each intervenor shall file and serve its list of witnesses and
copies of its exhibits not later than ten days after the conclusion of the
notice period. If the applicant has not filed its testimony or a detailed
summary of testimony, and copies of exhibits with the application, each
intervenor shall file and serve its list of witnesses and copies of its exhibits
not later than 20 days after the notice period has expired.

 If a party does not meet the requirements of this Notice, the Commission may
dismiss the application or an intervention upon motion filed by any other party,
or upon the Commission's own motion, unless good cause for the failure to meet
the requirements is shown.

 The Commission will notify the parties of the time and location of the hearing.
No motion for continuance of the hearing date will be granted except for good
cause. As of the time of this Notice, the Commission has not deemed the
applications complete within the meaning of §40-6-109.5, C.R.S.

 SEAL

 DOUG DEAN

 Director

 Dated at Denver, Colorado this 4th day of April, 2016

 Colorado PUC E-Filings System

 April 4, 2016

 Page 2

 IN THE MATTER OF SENIOR HOUSING OPTIONS DOING BUSINESS AS MESA VISTA ASSISTED
LIVING & ADULT DAY PROGRAM FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE AS A CONTRACT CARRIER BY
MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0119BP

 APPLICANT:

 Mesa Visted Assisted Living

 1510 17th Street

 Denver, CO 80202

 FILED ON:

 February 25, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Garfield
and Mesa, State of Colorado. This application is restricted: (A) to the
transportation of passengers who are recipients of Medicaid; and, (B) to
providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT) services for the Colorado Department
of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570 Grant Street, Denver, Colorado.
Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is
seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF WESTERN SLOPE RIDES FILING AN APPLICATION BEFORE THE
COMMISSION OF THE STATE OF COLORADO REQUESTING A PERMIT TO OPERATE SHUTTLE AND
TRANSPORTATION SERVICES.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0205CP

 APPLICANT:

 Western Slope Rides LLC

 P.O. Box 2102

 Ridgway, CO 81432

 FILED ON:

 March 28, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the
transportation of passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service between all
points in the Counties of Montrose, Ouray, and San Miguel, State of Colorado,
and between said points on the one hand, and all points in the Counties of
Delta, Dolores, Garfield, Gunnison, Hinsdale, La Plata, Mesa, Montezuma, Pitkin,
and San Juan, State of Colorado, on the other hand. Applicant has not filed its
testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a Commission
decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 3

 IN THE MATTER OF OF THE APPLICATION OF OT TOURS, LLC FOR A CERTIFICATE OF
PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY TO OPERATE AS A COMMON CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE
FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0206CP

 APPLICANT:

 OT Tours LLC

 4570 East Yale Avenue

 Apartment 104

 Denver, CO 80222

 ATTORNEY:

 Igor Raykin

 Kishinersky & Raykin, LLC

 2851 South Parker Road Suite 150

 Aurora, CO 80001

 FILED ON:

 March 29, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a common carrier by motor vehicle for hire for the
transportation of passengers in call-and-demand shuttle service, call-and-demand
charter service, and call-and-demand sightseeing service between all points in
the Counties of Adams, Arapahoe, Broomfield, Boulder, Clear Creek, Denver,
Douglas, Eagle, Gilpin, Grand, Jefferson, Larimer, Pitkin, Routt, and Summit,
State of Colorado. Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with its
application, and is seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF SMART RIDE LLC FOR A PERMIT TO OPERATE AS A
CONTRACT CARRIER BY MOTOR VEHICLE FOR HIRE.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0209BP

 APPLICANT:

 Smart Ride, LLC

 1071 South Joplin Way

 Aurora, CO 80017

 FILED ON:

 March 29, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For authority to operate as a contract carrier by motor vehicle for hire for
the transportation of passengers between all points in the Counties of Adams,
Arapahoe, Boulder, Denver, Douglas, and Jefferson, State of Colorado. This
application is restricted: (A) to the transportation of passengers who are
recipients of Medicaid; (B) to providing Non-Medical Transportation (NMT)
services for the Colorado Department of Health Care Policy and Financing, 1570
Grant Street, Denver, Colorado; (C) against providing transportation services to
or from airports, hotels and motels; (D) to no more than two (2) vehicles in
service at any one time; and, (E) against providing service in Douglas County,
Colorado south of a line beginning on the Douglas and Jefferson County boundary,
to a point on the Douglas and Elbert County boundary, said line being an
east-west line drawn through Exit 172 of Interstate Highway I-25. Applicant has
not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a
Commission decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 4

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER CONTRACT CARRIER
PERMIT NO. B-9917 FROM ALLIANCE TRANSPORTATION (LARISA LIVITZ) TO ALLIANCE
TRANSPORTATION (BESRAT BEJIGA, BEHAILU LEGGESE, AND AMARE TNLILA).

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0227BP-XFER

 APPLICANT:

 TRANSFEROR

 Alliance Transportation Inc.

 P.O. Box 370026

 Denver, CO 80237

 TRANSFEREE

 Alliance Transportation Inc.*

 2534 South Fundy Circle

 Aurora, CO 80013

 FILED ON:

 March 31, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the transfer of Contract Carrier
Permit No. B-9917 from Alliance Transportation (Larisa Livitz) to Alliance
Transportation (Besrat Bejiga, Behailu Leggese, and Amare Tnlila). Applicant has
not filed its testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a
Commission decision within 210 days.

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF FOUR ACES TRANSPO, LLC FOR AN ORDER OF THE
COMMISSSION AUTHORIZING A SUSPENSION OF CERTIFICATE OF PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND
NECESSITY NO. 55787.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0233CP-SUSP

 APPLICANT:

 Four Aces Transpo LLC

 P.O. Box 370533

 Denver, CO 80237

 ATTORNEY:

 Mr. Charles J. Kimball Esq

 Kimball & Nespor P C

 5400 Ward Road

 Building III, Suite 150

 Arvada, CO 80002

 FILED ON:

 April 4, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the suspension of operations under
Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity PUC No. 55787 from April 7, 2016
through October 7, 2016. Notices to intervene as of right or motions to
permissively intervene in this proceeding must be filed with the Commission
within ten (10) days of the date of this notice. Applicant has not filed its
testimony and exhibits with its application, and is seeking a Commission
decision within 210 days.

 April 4, 2016

 Page 5

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION FOR AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER CERTIFICATE OF
PUBLIC CONVENIENCE AND NECESSITY NO. 55787 FROM FOUR ACES TRANSPO, LLC TO
RAMBLIN' EXPRESS, INC.

 PROCEEDING NUMBER:

 16A-0236CP-XFER

 APPLICANT:

 TRANSFEROR

 Four Aces Transpo LLC

 P.O. Box 370533

 Denver, CO 80237

 TRANSFEREE

 Ramblin' Express, Inc.

 5401 East 48th Avenue

 Denver, CO 80216

 ATTORNEY:

 FOR APPLICANTS

 Mr. Charles J. Kimball Esq

 Kimball & Nespor P C

 5400 Ward Road

 Building III, Suite 150

 Arvada, CO 80002

 FILED ON:

 April 4, 2016

 TYPE:

 Permanent

 For an order of the Commission authorizing the transfer of Certificate of
Public Convenience and Necessity PUC No. 55787 from Four Aces Transpo, LLC to
Ramblin' Express, Inc. Applicant has not filed its testimony and exhibits with
its application, and is seeking a Commission decision within 210 days.

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            September 8, 2014 Monday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Honor Roll /;
Recognizing the accomplishments of Western New Yorkers

SECTION: D,D; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 1026 words


Mohammed Karim of Buffalo was inducted into the National Society of Collegiate
Scholars. Membership is invitation only, based on grade point average and class
standing. Membership gives students access to career and networking resources,
scholarships and travel.

NSCS is a member of the Association of College Honor Societies and is the
nation's only interdisciplinary honors organization for first-year and
second-year college students.

...

Bennett J.F. Collins has been awarded the African Studies prize for most
innovative dissertation research for the African Studies Center at Oxford
University in Oxford, England. He has completed the master's program in African
Studies with distinction and will be pursuing a career in human rights both in
Africa, United States and internationally.

Collins graduated from the University of St. Andrews in Scotland in 2013 and was
awarded the Principal's Medal for outstanding endeavor and achievement. His work
has been recognized and supported by the Center for American Progress, a
non-partisan educational institute. He has lobbied members of Scottish, British
and European parliaments and the U.S. Congress on issues relating to mass
atrocities, genocide and the illicit trade of conflict mineral in Central
Africa.

A 2008 graduate of East Aurora High School, Collins is the son of George Collins
of Snyder and Gretchen Fierle of East Aurora.

...

Dr. James Reynolds, professor and chairman for UBMD Ophthalmology and director
of Pediatric Ophthalmology and Adult Strabismus affiliated with Ross Eye
Institute, has been named to the Eyes On America Foundation board of directors.

The Eyes On America Foundation donates each year 25 cataract surgeries for those
without health care insurance in Western New York.

...

Buffalo Retired Teachers Association awarded four scholarships of $1000 each to
graduates of Buffalo Public Schools.

Recipients are: Edward Bennett, Hutch-Tech; Dhalia Akhther, DaVinci; Ashley
Whiteside, Olmsted No. 156; and Starr Johnson, Buffalo Academy for Performing
Arts.

Students will be attending various colleges and universities.

...

The Northeast Kidney Foundation, a voluntary health organization dedicated to
preventing kidney disease and enhancing the lives of all those affected, has
named Tyler King as chairman of the board of directors. He joined the board in
2013.

King is currently general manager at Equinox Companies based in Colonie and a
graduate of the University of New Hampshire.

Formed in 1972 as a philanthropic gift of Edwin and Rhoda Sperber, the
Foundation provides services to patients, family members, the general public and
clinical and academic professionals throughout the Northeast.

...

Hamburg native Whitney Rog recently earned a doctorate of psychology from St.
John's University and has accepted a two-year post-doctoral fellowship with
Mount Sinai Beth Israel-St. Luke's Roosevelt hospitals. She will be joining the
HEARTS program, implementing trauma-based therapy throughout New York City's
juvenile justice system.

A graduate of Nardin Academy and Fordham University, she is the daughter of Gary
and Kathleen Rog of Hamburg. She resides with her husband in New York City.

...

The first recipients of the Peter R. Breads Memorial Scholarship Program were
announced by Great Lakes Orthodontics. The Breads Scholarship Program was
established in 2013 in honor of co-founder and retired Great Lakes Orthodontics
president, Peter R. Breads. The purpose was to promote his passion for learning
by enabling Great Lakes Orthodontics employees and/or their children to apply
for grant funds to continue their educational pursuits.

Receiving $2,000.00 academic scholarships for 2014-15 are: Katherine Hayes,
sophomore at John Carroll University, East Asian studies; Stephen Hermann,
freshman at SUNY Oswego, marketing; Matthew Hudson, freshman at Clarkson
University, mechanical engineering; Danielle Kendall, junior at SUNY Fredonia,
music education; Andrew Reidy, University at Buffalo School of Pharmacy, third
year resident; and Catherine Woloszyn, Niagara County Community College,
horticulture.

...

Drs. Gary Grosner and Elad I. Levy will be honored with the Spirit Award at the
2014 Kaleida Ball, the health system's signature fundraising event to be held
Sept. 27 at the Buffalo Convention Center.

The Spirit Award is given in appreciation for significant support of Kaleida
Health. Drs. Grosner and Levy are driving forces behind the Gates Vascular
Institute, a national and internationally known facility treating cardiac,
stroke and vascular disease.

Dr. Grosner and his team were recently recognized by Consumer Reports naming the
cardiac program Top 15 in nation. He has been associated with Buffalo General
Medical Center since 1992. He also serves as an assistant clinical professor of
surgery at SUNY at Buffalo.

In addition to this, he serves as a consulting surgeon at Millard Fillmore
Suburban Hospital, Women & Children's Hospital of Buffalo, and ECMC.

Board certified by the American Board of Surgery as well as the American Board
of Thoracic Surgery, Grosner graduated from McGill University with distinction
before receiving a doctor of medicine degree from University of Connecticut.

Dr. Levy and his teammates the lead the region's premier stroke program as
recognized by the New York State Department of Health, American Stroke
Association and Det Norske Veritas Healthcare, an international accrediting
agency.

He is the director of stroke research, co-director of the Kaleida Health Stroke
Center and cerebrovascular surgery, director of endovascular stroke treatment
and research and director of the Toshiba neuroendovascular catheterization
laboratory. He is also chairman of neurological surgery and professor of
neurosurgery and radiology at UB.

Board certified by the American Board of Neurological Surgeons, Levy graduated
from Dartmouth College and received a doctor of medicine degree with distinction
from George Washington University. He completed a surgical internship and his
neurosurgical residency at the University of Pittsburgh and his fellowship at
UB.

He also received his MBA from Northeastern University in 2013.

email: citydesk@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      August 12, 1995 Saturday 2D EDITION

BRIEFING

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D-02

LENGTH: 1208 words


MORTGAGE FRAUD TARGETED: The FBI is out to catch people who lie on mortgage
applications, a practice that forces higher fees on borrowers who tell the
truth. Agents, using undercover investigations and electronic surveillance, are
targeting real estate professionals who seek successive loans on the same
properties, inflating the value with each attempt, and those who take out loans
on property that does not exist. Mortgage fraud costs lenders up to $ 30 billion
a year, FBI officials estimated, and that cost is passed on to other borrowers
through higher interest rates and fees.

STOCKS SLIP AGAIN: Stocks fell yesterday, as bond prices buckled under the
weight of new supply and a retail-sales report stirred concerns about inflation.
The Dow Jones industrial average slid 25.36 to 4,618.30, marking the third
straight day of losses and bringing the blue-chip average back to its lowest
level since July 5. Declining issues led advancers by about 8 to 5 on the New
York Stock Exchange. But volume was light at 265.87 million shares, down from
306.67 million on Thursday, making some analysts reluctant to draw any sweeping
conclusions about the market's direction. Bonds tumbled as dealers struggled to
distribute $ 42.5 billion of Treasury securities auctioned this week, primarily
$ 11.5 billion of 30-year bonds issued on Thursday. The 30-year bond was off
more than a point late trading, pushing its yield, which moves opposite the
price, to 6.97 percent from 6.95 percent on Thursday.

NEW AIRLINE TO ASPEN: The Aspen Skiing Co. is helping a new subsidiary of
Northwest Airlines, Business Express, begin service to Aspen's Sardy Field.
Northwest Airlines has begun taking reservations for the twice-daily flights
from Minneapolis on 69-passenger Avro RJ-70 jet aircraft. The ski company, Aspen
Chamber Resort Association and Snowmass Resort Association have paid $ 135,000
to help cover the service's start-up costs. The ski company has said the
withdrawal of Continental service from Aspen last year was a major factor in its
decline in skier days.

AMR COMBS TO BUILD HANGAR: AMR Combs will build a $ 2.7 million,
23,000-square-foot aircraft storage hangar on its leased property at Denver
International Airport. Construction on the project is expected to begin later
this month and completed by January. AMR Combs is one of the nation's leading
fixed-base operators that provide services for corporate and private aircraft
owners.

NEW D&B SERVICE ANNOUNCED: Dun & Bradstreet has announced a new service for
consumers considering signing a contract with a small business such as a
contractor or prospective entrepeneurs thinking about investing in a business
opportunity. For a fee, Dun & Bradstreet will provide a financial overview of
the company, including its bank balances and loans, outstanding lawsuits or
liens, bill paying patterns and history. The information will cost $ 40 and up
and be available in five minutes or less, Dun & Bradstreet said. The new service
comes less than a month after the Federal Trade Commission launched "Project
Telesweep," a nationwide program to fight business opportunities fraud.

HS RESOURCES GETS FINANCING: HS Resources Inc. of San Francisco - a big player
in Colorado's oil and gas fields - has signed a term sheet with Trust Company of
the West for $ 90 million in new financing. The non-recourse, off-balance sheet
financing may be used by HS Resource's for a variety of corporate purposes
including acquisitions of new properties, exploration and development drilling,
or the monetization of existing corporate properties with the proceeds being
used for working capital or the reduction of bank debt. The financing
supplements HS Resource's existing financing capability of more than $ 60
million under its bank credit facility.

HEALTH GRANT AWARDED: The Colorado Department of Health Care Policy and
Financing has received $ 308,000 from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, one of
the nation's largest health-care foundations. The department will provide
technical assistance to private-sector health insurance purchasing cooperatives
gearing up in Colorado, and explore the feasibility of a cooperative for public
sector employees. It also will study people without health insurance in Colorado
and the best way to hold health plans accountable for the quality of medical
care.

FRONTIER REPORTS LOSS: Frontier Airlines reported a net loss of $ 1.9 million on
revenues of $ 12.9 million for the its first quarter, ended June 30. Frontier
operates a fleet of five 737 jets. The airline plans to start deeply discounted
service to Chicago and Phoenix on Sept. 25 and halt service to four Montana
cities at the same time. The company expects to raise about $ 4 million in a
stock sale to lease as many as four more 737s. If the airline gets the
additional jets, it hopes to begin nonstop service Los Angeles and other key
West Coast cities from Denver later this year or early next year.

ATLAS AIR DEBUTS ON NASDAQ: Stock in Atlas Air Inc. started trading yesterday on
the NASDAQ National Market and it rose $ 3 a share in heavy trading from an
offering price of $ 16 to close at $ 19. Golden-based Atlas is an air cargo
company with a fleet of six leased Boeing 747 freighters. The company expects to
take deliver of six more aircraft during the next year.

JET ASPEN VP NAMED: New airline Jet Aspen said former United Airlines chief
pilot Bill Neuens has joined the company as vice president for safety assurance
and quality control. Jet Aspen hopes to be flying by November with jet service
to Aspen from Los Angeles, Phoenix, Dallas, Houston, St. Louis and other large
cities.

ORANGE COUNTY NOTE DOWNGRADED: As expected, Standard & Poor's downgraded a $ 31
million Orange County note to "D," signifying a default. The note was due
Thursday, but the bankrupt county postponed repayment until next June 30.
Standard & Poor's, one of the two major municipal credit-rating services, says
it believes that the county will be unable to repay the note then. Standard &
Poor's lowered the ratings on two other series of county notes to "D" earlier
this summer when their maturity dates passed.

DITTO CORP. MAY BUY MICHELIN WAREHOUSE: A new company, Ditto Corp., is
negotiating to purchase the vacant Michelin Tire Corp. warehouse at 20101 E.
36th Drive in Aurora. Ditto would employ up to 600 workers to copy and bind
government documents. The company would double the size of the warehouse.

HOME SHOPPING CUTS: The Home Shopping Network video retailer is laying off
nearly 200 workers, about 4 percent of its total staff, in a cost-cutting move
after losing $ 18.5 million so far this year. The layoffs, combined with other
job cuts and attrition in the past 18 months, reduces the Florida company's
staff by about 1,000 people, leaving the company with about 4,000 workers.
Nearly every department is affected. Employees who lost their jobs were being
told Thursday and yesterday that business was down and the company had to trim
costs and expenses, said spokeswoman Louise Cleary. The cuts follow the June
closing of Home Shopping's distribution center in Reno, Nev., and the
termination of its 112 employees there. The company lost $ 8.8 million in the
first quarter.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: BRIEFS

                        Copyright 1995 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                              June 23, 2008 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Kudos

BYLINE: Vancouver Sun

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Keeping Track; Pg. D9

LENGTH: 637  words


CIBC Wood Gundy (Bentall Centre) Caring for Kids Fund recently donated $35,000
to the Family Services of Greater Vancouver. The funds will go towards its
Respect, Safety, and Violence Prevention Program.

HSBC Bank Canada donated $100,000 to The Nature Trust of British Columbia to
support the province-wide HSBC Conservation Youth Crew Program. Nature Trust is
a leader in protecting our natural diversity of plants and animals through the
acquisition and conservation of critical habitats.

The Primum Familiae Vini wine gala and wine tasting events held in March raised
$42,748 for the B.C. Mental Health Foundation. The foundation is working to
raise funds for mental health initiatives across the province.

Junior Achievement of British Columbia announced Mount Doug Wear Business Club
from Mount Douglas Secondary in Victoria, is the winner of the 2008 CIBC Student
Venture of the Year Award.

The Global Wish Foundation raised nearly $64,000 for BC Children's Hospital
Foundation at is first annual fundraising event held in Surrey. The event was
organized by founders Maninder Kanwal, Chuck Marjara, Navdeep Kanwal, Ruby Bilg
and Jug Bilg.

Owners Vijay and Shamini Tharmarajah of Surtek Industries organized a concert
event featuring Natya Mala, and the $20,000 in proceeds went to BC Children's
Hospital Foundation.

The Hearts of Gold Foundation donated $20,000 to Britannia Secondary School to
commemorate Britannia's 100th Anniversary Celebrations. The school has received
over $200,000 from the foundation for student bursaries and services.

Kwantlen honoured Delta welding program graduate Michael Gaber with the
Lieutenant Governor's Medal, and Burnaby psychology graduate Levente Orban
received the George C. Wootton Award.

Nexterra Energy has received the 2008 Gowlings Clean Tech Award, which was
presented at the 23rd annual CATA Alliance Innovation and Leadership Awards
Gala, held in Ottawa.

Maxxine Wright Place, a women's shelter and health centre currently under
constructed by Atira Women's Resource Society, has received a $10,000 boost from
Envision Charitable Foundation.

More than 100 businesses and individuals showed their support at St. Paul's
Hospital Foundation's recent dim sum event with Vancouver Police Chief Jim Chu,
helping the foundation raise $20,000 for state-of the-art equipment for the
Providence Heart & Lung Institute.

Courtenay optometrist Dr. Elaine Kerr was named Optometrist of the Year by the
B.C. Association of Optometrists.

Island Savings has received two Achievement in Marketing Awards from the
Marketing Association for Credit Unions.

Michelle Chan of Simon Fraser University has been awarded the Orbital
Technologies Inc. scholarship in computing science.

Pfizer Canada has provided $15,000 in unrestricted educational funding to the
Alzheimer Society B.C. for the Dementia Series. The program provides information
to families living with the disease from diagnosis to end-of-life decisions.

The KidStart Golf Challenge 2008 at Westwood Plateau Golf & Country Club raised
more than $15,000 this year for the KidStart Mentoring Program operated by PLEA
Community Services Society of BC.

Dylan Fuller, a graduate of the BCIT Automotive Foundation program, is the
recipient of the 2008 Northshore Auto Mall scholarship. The $1200 scholarship is
awarded to the most outstanding Grade 12 student in the program.

The following companies were recognized at the BC Italian Business Excellence
Awards; A. Bosa & Co. Ltd. (business excellence award), Stile Wines (young
entrepreneur award), Newway Forming Ltd. (global success award), Marble Art
Canada Ltd. (innovation award), and Il Giardino di Umberto (Italian hospitality
award).

Insight Film Studios of Vancouver has just been named Top Canadian Production
Company for 2007. The independent company grossed more than $175 million last
year.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: CIBC Wood Gundy (Bentall Centre) Caring for Kids chairman, Tom Porteous
presents a cheque to RSVP Program Manager, Kareen Hudson. Fund members, from
left, are: Geoff Bertram, Gary Mayzes, Jeff Watchorn, Manjit Sidhu, Tom
Porteous, Greg Johnson, Ken Greaves, David Stobart and Oliver Gilbert. ;
Photo: Gift of Hope 2008 committee chairman Carson Wu (left), honorary
chairwoman Anita Law and Vancouver Police Chief Jim Chu entertained the crowd at
St Paul's Hospital Foundation's dim sum event. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 23, 2001 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Congress Clears $15 Billion Bill To Aid Airlines;
Bailout Has Grants, Loan Guarantees

BYLINE: Frank Swoboda and Martha McNeil Hamilton, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1666 words


Members of Congress late Friday night approved a $ 15 billion measure to prop up
the nation's airline industry and to limit carriers' liabilities as a result of
the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11.

The Senate voted 96 to 1 for the rescue package, accepting the contention that
without a government bailout some carriers could be bankrupt within days.
Although the airline industry has struggled all year, carriers say the terrorist
attacks sent their costs and liabilities soaring and revenue plummeting.

The House of Representatives quickly followed the Senate's lead, voting just
after 11 p.m. by 356 to 54 to approve the measure. It is expected to be sent to
President Bush for his signature this weekend.

Although the measure drew scant opposition, many Democrats complained that it
should have included help for workers who have lost their jobs as the airlines
cut employment after the terrorist attacks.

At one point during the House debate, a frustrated Rep. Jay Inslee (D-Wash.)
shouted out, "Why in this chamber do the big dogs always eat first?" Inslee was
expressing his concerns about laid-off Boeing workers.

A last-minute effort by Rep. Peter A. DeFazio (D-Ore.) to add health care
protection for laid-off airline workers and have the federal government employ
airport security personnel -- measures already included in separate Senate
proposals -- failed by 279 to 174.

The financial aid package includes $ 5 billion in direct grants and $ 10 billion
in federal loan guarantees. It also absolves carriers from liability for claims
as a result of property damage from the hijackings and crashes and limits
airlines' liability for loss of life.

Analysts warned that some of the carriers may not survive, even with this
federal help, and that few will return to profitability until people start
flying more. Many planes are now operating with two-thirds of their seats empty.

Some lawmakers have acknowledged concerns about pouring taxpayers' money into
ailing companies. But many said the air travel system, which is critical to the
nation's economy, must not be crippled, especially as the country prepares for a
global war against terrorism.

"We need to look at transportation again as part of our national defense," Sen.
Hillary Rodham Clinton (D-N.Y.) said.

Sen. Peter G. Fitzgerald (R-Ill.) cast the dissenting vote in the Senate.

"Congress should be wary of indiscriminately dishing out taxpayer dollars to
prop up a failing industry without demanding something in return for taxpayers,"
said Fitzgerald.

During the House debate, Minority Leader Richard A. Gephardt (D-Mo.) got a
standing ovation after opening the debate over the bill by talking about the
need for bipartisanship and the events that led to the need.

"Our American people have been so violated by what happened Sept. 11 that they
hurt and they make you cry. We've been so damaged by this, so violated," he
said.

Noting that the primary responsibility of the government is to keep its people
safe, Gephardt added: "We all failed." The $ 5 billion in direct grants will be
allocated based on an airline's seat miles -- the number of seats on an aircraft
multiplied by the number of miles they fly. Under that formula, Delta Air Lines
Inc. would receive about $ 800 million and Arlington-based US Airways Group Inc.
would receive about $ 400 million.

A federal board, which will include Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan
Greenspan, Treasury Secretary Paul H. O'Neill, Transportation Secretary Norman
Y. Mineta and U.S. Comptroller General David M. Walker, will decide how to
allocate the $ 10 billion in loan guarantees. The board, which will be under the
direction of the Office of Management and Budget, will presumably try to direct
the loan guarantees to the airlines that appear to have the best chance of
surviving.

The bill also authorized $ 120 million in spending to ensure that essential air
service will be continued for small communities. The airline industry has been
one of the weakest sectors of the economy all year. The general economic
slowdown had dampened business travel. Airlines were struggling to repay debts
they had run up buying fleets of expensive jets and to deal with high labor and
fuel costs.

But the situation worsened substantially after the terrorist attacks and two-day
grounding of airplanes. Individuals and corporations cut back dramatically on
air travel. Insurance premiums shot up, with airlines warning that the higher
insurance costs could keep them from flying. In addition, airlines faced huge
liabilities from the deaths and destruction resulting from the hijacking and
crashes.

Airline executives said that it suddenly became impossible for them to get loans
and that they were quickly running out of cash. The first effort to provide
financial aid was blocked a week ago when Rep. Lloyd Doggett (D-Tex.) objected
to the rush toward relief. But as layoffs in the airline industry approached
100,000 this week, the bailout effort gained momentum.

Action on the bill stalled temporarily Friday as organized labor and trial
lawyers tried to get their concerns addressed. But after Senate leaders agreed
to consider a separate bill introduced by Sen. Jean Carnahan (D-Mo.) to provide
up to $ 3.75 billion in health insurance, unemployment benefits and training for
displaced airline workers, congressional and White House leaders were able to
reach an agreement on a bailout bill.

The measure includes a cap on insurance claims for injury or loss of life at $
100 million per airline. In addition, the federal government will -- for six
months -- reimburse air carriers for the difference in their insurance costs
before the attacks and after.

For those who were injured and the families of the passengers who were killed,
the legislation provides two ways to seek compensation. Victims could go to
federal court in New York, where claims will be consolidated. Or they could
apply for payment through an administrative process to be run by the U.S.
attorney general. In neither case could they seek punitive damages.

The bill also stipulates that executives at airlines getting direct financial
aid cannot get raises for two years if their total compensation is $ 300,000 or
more.

The legislation says that the government should attempt to get warrants, stock
options or stock from companies receiving loan guarantees, so that the
government might be able to profit if the airlines survive and their stocks
recover.

Airline industry analysts said Friday that the relief package would help the
airlines only in the short term. Unless passengers resume flying, the airlines
will need more federal aid, they said.

UBS Warburg airline analyst Sam Buttrick said, "The $ 5 billion should stave off
most airline bankruptcies through the end of the year. But it doesn't buy them
more than a couple of months." But he said the $ 10 billion in loan guarantees
should help restore confidence among banks and Wall Street.

Still, he said, airlines must get passengers to become profitable. Airlines are
filling only about 20 percent to 40 percent of their planes, whereas they need
to fill about 60 percent to make money.

Buttrick said the estimated $ 400 million that would go to US Airways would be
enough to keep the airline out of Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection through the
end of the year. US Airways is considered one of the weakest airlines
financially.

ABN AMRO Holding N.V. analyst Ray Neidl said US Airways has about $ 900 million
in cash, down from $ 1.2 billion in June. Neidl said he does not expect air
travel to pick up until mid-2002, and he questioned whether US Airways can
survive that long.

The aftershocks from the attacks continued to spread through the airline
industry Friday. Northwest Airlines Corp. announced that it will eliminate
10,000 jobs, and Delta said it could reduce its workforce by as much as 16,000.
Layoffs announced earlier by AMR Corp.'s American Airlines, UAL Corp.'s United
Airlines, Continental Airlines Inc., US Airways and America West Holdings
Corp.'s America West Airlines bring the total to about 91,000.

In addition to the financial bailout legislation, Congress is considering other
measures to help airlines and airports. Sen. Ernest F. Hollings (D-S.C.),
chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee, on Friday introduced separate
legislation to have the government take over the job of screening airport
luggage.

His bill, which has the support of his committee, would make airport screeners
federal employees and would set tighter training and performance standards for
the job. It would also increase the number of federal marshals available to
accompany flights and require stronger cockpit doors and locks to make it more
difficult for a hijacker to enter the cockpit during flight. The measure would
be financed in part by a $ 1 per passenger security charge.

The bill was introduced just one day after a committee hearing in which Bush
administration officials acknowledged the need for greater government oversight
of airport security procedures but shied away from agreeing to make the
screeners federal employees.

In the House, Rep. Don Young (R-Alaska), chairman of the aviation subcommittee,
said that legislation dealing with security and dislocated workers could be
voted on as early as next week.

While the airline relief measure was moving through Congress, European
governments moved to help airlines with their higher insurance costs. Airlines
in Europe had warned that they would be legally unable to fly after midnight
Monday unless they received aid.

Late Friday, the British government agreed to provide airlines an indemnity for
war and terrorism liabilities above the $ 50 million available from most
commercial insurers and to waive payment for the coverage for 30 days. The
German Finance Ministry said it also plans to help German airlines with interim
insurance coverage.

Staff writers Keith L. Alexander, Juliet Eilperin and Caroline E. Mayer
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            April 22, 2009 Wednesday

The Daily Record News Briefs: April 22, 2009

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1453  words


GBMC to aid nurses' education

GBMC HealthCare, the corporate parent of the Greater Baltimore Medical Center
and related medical entities, said it has pledged $500,000 over the next five
years for nursing education in Maryland. Institutions slated to receive funds
are Carroll County Community College, Community College of Baltimore County,
Stevenson University and Towson University. The commitment is tied to the
Maryland Hospital Association's statewide Who Will Care? Initiative aimed at
doubling the number of nurse graduates in the state by the year 2016. GBMC said
it has hired approximately 50 new graduate nurses from the surrounding nursing
education programs during the past two years.

$394K gift to Science Center

The Maryland Science Center said it received a two-year, $394,000 grant from the
PNC Foundation, the giving arm of PNC Bank, to support programming for
underserved preschool children. The award is part of PNC Grow Up Great, a
10-year, $100 million initiative to help ensure that children arrive at school
ready to learn. The Maryland Science Center said it will use the funding to
provide program support to four Baltimore City Head Start centers: Herring Run
Head Start, Metro Delta Head Start, St. Jerome's Head Start and St. Francis
Xavier.

Lockheed Martin in Woodlawn

Lockheed Martin Corp., of Bethesda, a defense and information technology
services provider, unveiled a new facility in Woodlawn to support its federal
contract work with the Social Security Administration. Occupying 41,566 square
feet of an existing office building, the new office will house 278 IT
professionals - 160 of them new hires - to work on such areas as strategic
planning, service-oriented architecture, project management, health IT, software
design and development, information assurance, database management, IT systems
operations and human factors engineering. The facility should be at full
capacity by May 11, officials said.

Intelligence center underway

A building that will be a U.S. intelligence organization's first permanent home
will be dedicated Monday at the University of Maryland, College Park's M-Square
- the state's largest research park. The four-story facility, which is under
construction, will be occupied by the Intelligence Advanced Research Projects
Activity, an 18-month-old entity that is part of the Office of the Director of
National Intelligence. University officials say they expect the new facility to
be a magnet for security-related organizations that want proximity to IARPA and
UMCP because of the synergies and opportunities for collaboration.

HBAM's Green Building Council

The Home Builders Association of Maryland announced the establishment of the
Maryland Green Building Council. The group is charged with implementing a green
building certification program for its members, using the recently completed
National Green Building Standards developed by the American National Standards
Institute. Jake Ruppert, president of Ruppert Homes Inc., and Bill Zahler,
senior vice president of Artery Homes LLC, are co-chairs of the green building
council. The council has a Web page at www.homebuilders.org/page/mgbc.

Doctor sanctions lag in Maryland

Maryland is among the worst states in the country in disciplining physicians,
according to an annual study by consumer watchdog group Public Citizen, while
Washington is one of the most improved. Maryland is ranked 45th. It has been
among the worst 10 states for the past six rankings, said Sidney Wolfe, a
physician and director of Public Citizen's health research group. Virginia is
ranked 28th. Washington is among the five most improved. It was ranked 42nd in
2003 and 17th in 2008. Disciplinary actions can include license revocations,
surrenders, suspensions and probations or restrictions.

New order for Battelle

Battelle Memorial Institute, of Columbus, Ohio, said it received a three-year
task order contract to assist with the 649th Aeronautical Systems Squadron's
move from Brooks City Base in San Antonio, Texas, to Aberdeen Proving Ground.
The contract has a ceiling of more than $32 million. The 649th is the chemical,
biological, radiological and nuclear defense program management organization for
the Air Force. While the realignment process is underway, there will be
concurrent operations at Brooks and Aberdeen. Battelle, the world's largest
nonprofit independent research and development organization, has technology
centers worldwide, including one at Aberdeen Proving Ground.

IWIF workers aid charity

Employees at IWIF Workers' Compensation Insurance in Towson donated nearly
$38,000 to the Maryland Charity Campaign, the state-sponsored fundraising
initiative for local and national charities. With the company match of
employees' donations, the total contribution to Maryland Charity approached
$76,000. "Our company is proud to support [employees'] efforts through matching
donations and providing nominal paid time off to volunteer," said IWIF President
and CEO Thomas J. Phelan. IWIF, a self-supporting insurance company, is the
largest provider of workers' compensation insurance in Maryland.

N.Y. PSC backs nuclear sale

The New York state Public Service Commission gave its blessing Tuesday to the
$4.5 billion sale of nearly half of Constellation Energy Group's nuclear
business to a subsidiary of Electricite de France S.A., the world's largest
nuclear power plant owner. The decision affects three nuclear power plants in
upstate New York: the 621 megawatt Nine Mile Point Nuclear Unit I and the 1,135
MW Nine Mile Point Nuclear Unit II in Oswego near Syracuse and the 582 MW R.E.
Ginna Nuclear Power Plant in Ontario near Rochester. U.S. regulators approved
the Constellation-EdF deal in February.

Historic property available

The Maryland Department of Natural Resources announced it is seeking the
restoration of a historic property, the 200-year-old Grove Farm near Earleville
in Cecil County, under the department's Resident-Curatorship Program. In
exchange for a $1-a-year lifetime lease, curators - either individuals or
organizations - agree to spend at least $175,000 to restore and maintain a house
and outbuildings according to historic preservation standards and at no cost to
the state. The Grove Farm property may require significantly greater investment.
An open house will be held Saturday from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. at the farm. For
information, go to www.dnr.maryland.gov/land/rcs.

Warschawski's new client

Warschawski, a Baltimore-based branding, public relations, marketing and
advertising agency, announced its selection by Capital Funding Bancorp Inc. The
agency is tasked with devising strategic internal and external communications
programs surrounding Capital Funding's planned acquisition of AmericasBank, a
Towson-based commercial bank with three branches.   The acquisition is expected
to close in the second quarter.

City police officer indicted

Baltimore prosecutors said a city police officer has been indicted on attempted
murder charges, assault and weapons offenses for shooting at a man after two
fights. Prosecutors said Patrick Dotson, 26, was indicted April 15 for shooting
at a man, and hitting his car's gas tank on March 9. They said a group of people
broke up a fight between Dotson and the man outside a bar in Canton. But minutes
later, prosecutors said Dotson and the man were fighting again when people broke
up the fight. Then, prosecutors said, Dotson pulled out a gun and fired a shot
at the man's car, hitting the vehicle near the gas tank.

Morgan student's killer sentenced

A Baltimore judge on Tuesday sentenced a city man to life in prison for killing
a Morgan State University student at a party. Jason Allen, 26, was convicted in
January of killing Jeff Payne in the Morgan View Apartments near Morgan State
University.   Police said Allen took out a rifle and shot the 20-year-old Payne
once in the chest because of an earlier fight. They said Allen fled to Yonkers,
N.Y. after the Feb. 15, 2008, shooting. He was arrested in April 2008.

W.R. Grace trial grinds on

Prosecutors in Missoula, Mont., called their final witness Monday in the
environmental crimes trial of W.R. Grace & Co., but said they won't rest their
case until a federal judge rules on several pending legal motions. Dr. Richard
Lemen, a former assistant surgeon general, was called as the government's final
witness against Columbia-based Grace. The company and five former executives are
charged with knowingly exposing residents of Libby, Mont., to asbestos, a
substance linked to cancer. U.S. District Judge Donald Molloy scheduled a
motions hearing for Monday, and defense lawyers are expected to argue why the
charges should be dismissed. The defense will begin to present its case on April
28.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 23, 2016 Thursday

Washington: PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS -- (House of Representatives - June 22,
2016)

LENGTH: 1193  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the
following house proceeding:



    Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following
titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows:



    By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself and Mr. ROE of Tennessee):





    H.R. 5555. A bill to amend titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act
to improve end-of-life care and advanced illness management; to the Committee on
Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a
period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for
consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the
committee concerned.



    By Mr. GRIJALVA:



    H.R. 5556. A bill to establish the Great Bend of the Gila National Monument
in the State of Arizona, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural
Resources.



    By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, Ms. NORTON, Ms. WILSON of
Florida, Mr. HINOJOSA, Ms. LEE, Mr. ELLISON, Mrs. BEATTY, Mr. CUMMINGS, Mr. TED
LIEU of California, Ms. FUDGE, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. JEFFRIES,
Mr. MEEKS, Mrs. DINGELL, Mr. HUFFMAN, Mr. GRIJALVA, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Miss RICE
of New York, and Mr. RANGEL):



    H.R. 5557. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 and the
National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to prohibit an election official from
requiring an individual to present a piece of identification that has an
associated cost as a condition of voting or registering to vote in an election
for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House
Administration.



    By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself and Mr. HINOJOSA):



    H.R. 5558. A bill to extend the authorization of appropriations to the
Department of Veterans Affairs for purposes of awarding grants to veterans
service organizations for the transportation of highly rural veterans; to the
Committee on Veterans' Affairs.



    By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself and Mr. CLAY):



    H.R. 5559. A bill to amend section 1206 of the Pathway for SGR Reform Act of
2013 to clarify the application of rules on the calculation of hospital length
of stay to certain moratorium-excepted long-term care hospitals (LTCHs); to the
Committee on Ways and Means.



    By Ms. ADAMS (for herself and Mrs. LOWEY):



    H.R. 5560. A bill to restrict the use of steel-jaw leghold traps and
Conibear traps on animals in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and
Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Foreign
Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case
for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the
committee concerned.



    By Mr. BISHOP of Georgia (for himself, Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. JOHNSON of
Georgia, Mr. WOODALL, Mr. LOUDERMILK, Mr. LEWIS, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, and Mr.
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia):



    H.R. 5561. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to former United
States Senator Max Cleland; to the Committee on Financial Services.



    By Mr. GRIFFITH:



    H.R. 5562. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide
for Congressional appointment of members of the Medicaid and CHIP Payment
Advisory Commission (MACPAC); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce.



    By Mr. JOLLY:



    H.R. 5563. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide for
increased local funding of airport development projects, and for other purposes;
to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the
Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the
Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the
jurisdiction of the committee concerned.



    By Mr. KILDEE:



    H.R. 5564. A bill to require that the Secretary of the Interior, acting
through the National Park Service, create a program to help ensure that youth
from urban areas have access to National Parks, and for other purposes; to the
Committee on Natural Resources.



    By Mr. KILDEE:



    H.R. 5565. A bill to amend the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act to
provide free admission to Federal recreational lands and waters for children 17
years of age and younger on their birthday, and for other purposes; to the
Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture,
for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for
consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the
committee concerned.



    By Mr. KIND:



    H.R. 5566. A bill to establish a process for the termination of certain
programs of the Department of Defense; to the Committee on Armed Services, and
in addition to the Committees on Rules, and Appropriations, for a period to be
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such
provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned.



    By Mr. SALMON:



    H.R. 5567. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require that
all Federal Direct Stafford Loans, Federal Direct Unsubsidized Stafford Loans,
and Federal Direct PLUS Loans have the same rates of interest; to the Committee
on Education and the Workforce.



    By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself and Mr. HASTINGS):



    H.R. 5568. A bill to authorize assistance for the Government of Tunisia, and
for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.



    By Mr. STUTZMAN:



    H.R. 5569. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to
repeal the authority of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to restrict
arbitration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services.



    By Mr. TIPTON:



    H.R. 5570. A bill to release a Wilderness Study Area administered by the
Bureau of Land Management in Jackson County, Colorado that was not found
suitable for wilderness designation, and to release residual Wilderness Study
Area acreage in Mesa and Delta Counties, Colorado that were excluded from their
respective wilderness designations from continued management for wilderness
characteristics; to the Committee on Natural Resources.



    By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for herself and Mr. SMITH of Texas):



    H.R. 5571. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide sexual
assault survivors with certain rights, and for other purposes; to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a
period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for
consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the
committee concerned.



    By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky:



    H. Con. Res. 139. Concurrent resolution providing for a correction in the
enrollment of H.R. 2577; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to
the Committee on



 [Page: H4171]  GPO's PDF



 House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the
Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the
jurisdiction of the committee concerned.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Investment Dealers' Digest

                                  May 13, 2011

Nuclear Expert Joins Winston & Strawn;
Law firm hires Duke Energy's Lisa Vaughn

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: PERSONNEL FILE; Pg. 2 Vol. 77 No. 18

LENGTH: 1276  words


Winston & Strawn LLP, looking to bolster its energy practice, turned to an
industry insider. Lisa Vaughn, most recently a special adviser to the chairman
of Duke Energy, will join the firm June 1. She will remain in Charlotte, N.C.,
and serve on Winston's nuclear energy team. "Having a presence in Charlotte
makes good strategic sense,"

said Vaughn, 48. "Charlotte is an emerging energy hub that's interested in
attracting companies that have a nuclear focus. The city has a thriving business
environment and the Southeast is an area that tends to be supportive of things
nuclear."

Vaughn has also served as an associate counsel and managing attorney during her
20 years at Charlotte-based Duke Energy. In that role, she managed the legal
team for the company's nuclear generation department. Vaughn also serves on the
nuclear oversight committee for Duke's board of directors.

Dave Repka, chairman of the law firm's nuclear energy team, cited Vaughn's
"enormous, talent, energy and experience" in announcing the hire. They worked
together when Winston was Duke's outside counsel.

Vaughn said it's hard to gauge the effects of the disaster at Japan's Fukushima
plant on legalities related to the industry. "There may be more issues to solve,
but will it create a greater degree of complexity? It's too early to tell."

Vaughn, a native of Lincolnton, N.C., earned her law degree from Campbell
University in Buies Creek, N.C.

GRANT & EISENHOFER P.A. NAMED

Matthew Morris, an experienced creditor-side bankruptcy litigator, to head its
bankruptcy litigation practice.

Morris, who joins as a director, was previously a bankruptcy partner with Hogan
Lovells US LLP in New York.

He formerly practiced in the bankruptcy department of Milbank, Tweed, Hadley &
McCloy, as well as in the litigation department of Cravath, Swaine & Moore.

Morris represented numerous claimants in the massive Lehman Brothers bankruptcy,
including former Lehman derivative contract counterparties.

MATTHEW YOON HAS JOINED THE

financial services regulatory group of DLA Piper's government affairs practice
as a partner in New York.

Yoon arrives from SNR Denton and before that Thacher Proffitt & Wood LLP.

His law practice focuses on mortgage banking and consumer financial products. He
is an author and frequent speaker on financial regulatory matters.

Yoon earned his bachelor's degree from the State University of New York at
Albany and his law degree from American University.

CANTOR FITZGERALD EXPANDED ITS

fixed-income, high-yield and leveraged finance coverage by hiring a three-person
team from Chapdelaine Credit Partners.

Matthew Zolin joins Cantor as managing director of high-yield trading, Lori
Samuels as managing director of credit products, and Erin Andrews as a senior
loan trader.

Zolin and Samuels will report to Adam Vengrow, head of credit sales and trading.
Andrews will report to Michael Nitka, head of the bank debt group.

MACQUARIE GROUP HIRED KEN SAVIO

as a senior managing director and head of Macquarie Securities in the U.S.,
effective May 16.

Savio will report to Stevan Vrcelj, group head of Macquarie Securities; Todd
Steinberg, global head of derivatives delta one; and Tim Bishop, president and
CEO of Macquarie Capital (USA).

Most recently, he was head of global equities at Cantor Fitzgerald, after a
lengthy career at Bear Stearns in New York.

PRESIDIO GROUP HAS APPOINTED

Erin Kerrigan managing director in the automotive group of its investment
banking subsidiary, Presidio Merchant Partners. Kerrigan joins from AutoStar, a
subsidiary of iStar Financial Inc. Previously, Kerrigan was the co-founder and
CFO of Skye Automotive LLC.

She holds a bachelor's degree from Northwestern University and master's in
business administration from the UCLA Anderson School of Management.

JONES DAY HIRED GERALD FARANO

and Danielle Varnell as partner and of counsel, respectively, in its Washington
office to focus on energy industry transactions.

Both worked for Winston & Strawn LLP, where Farano headed the Washington office
corporate group.

Farano received his bachelor's degree in political science from Bucknell
University in 1988, his law degree from the National Law Center at George
Washington University in 1991, and his master's in law and taxation from from
the Georgetown University Law Center in 1992.

Varnell earned her bachelor's degree in Spanish and English from Ripon College
in 1993 and her law degree from the University of Wisconsin in 1997.

BARCLAYS CAPITAL HIRED MORE

personnel for its asset-backed securities operations after boosting its
securitized products origination group.

Emile Ernandez, previously with Deutsche Bank, will join as a vice president
while Matt Brand, formerly of Credit Suisse, will join as an associate. Both
will be part of Barclays' team focused on securitization of esoteric assets.

Meanwhile, Ravi Suresh, who before his hiring was at UBS, will join the
structuring team as an associate.

BNY MELLON CORP. HAS APPOINTED

Stephen Lackey as the Hong Kong-based chairman of its Asia-Pacific region.

He succeeds Christopher Sturdy, who has been Asia-Pacific chairman since 2008
and will take a role with the firm's global client management group in New York.

Lackey, who joined BNY Mellon in 1981 and has been director of global corporate
development and investor relations since 2009, will report to James Palermo,
vice chairman of BNY and chief executive of global client management.

MARISSA CAMPISE WILL JOIN

Venrock as a vice president. Based in New York, she will focus on Internet and
digital media investments.

Campise comes from Greycroft Partners, where she was a principal in their New
York office.

Previously, Campise worked in a similar role evaluating investment opportunities
for Howard Lindzon. She also has held finance positions with Deloitte & Touche
and Matrix USA LLC, and is a graduate of Yale University.

MORGAN KEEGAN & CO. HAS ADDED

Tom Barry to its health care investment banking group as a managing director in
New York. Previously, he was a managing director and member of the executive
committee at Cain Brothers.

Barry has also worked at Credit Suisse First Boston and Kidder Peabody. He
speaks frequently at seminars and symposiums on topics related to health care
trends, corporate governance and restructurings.

A graduate of the University of Virginia, Barry received his MBA from the
University of Chicago.

MF GLOBAL HOLDINGS LTD. HAS

made a series of hires to augment its capital markets and institutional sales
teams.

David Prinn, Christopher LeVine and Caesar Silvestro have joined credit sales in
New York. Fred Allen, working out of Chicago, will oversee credit sales in the
Midwest.

Nadia Elhosh has joined the European high-yield and distressed-debt sales team,
in London. Raphael Ramos, also in London, is head of the institutional
fixed-income credit sales team as head of French regional coverage.

FBR CAPITAL MARKETS CORP.

announced that Daniel Blood, senior managing director and group head of
investment banking corporate finance, has additionally been named head of the
real estate industry group.

In his new capacity, Blood will oversee the 15-person real estate, gaming and
lodging team within investment banking.

Before joining FBR in 2008, Blood served as co-head of global debt capital
markets at Bear Stearns, having been with the firm for more than 18 years in
numerous senior positions in investment banking and emerging markets.

HARRIS & HARRIS GROUP INC.

elevated Misti Ushio from vice president to executive vice president. Ushio, who
had been a vice president since 2007, is a director of Ancora Pharmaceuticals
Inc.

She has studied at Johns Hopkins University, Lehigh University and University
College in London.

URL: http://www.iddmagazine.com/

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: IDD


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         West County Times (California)

                    January 31, 2001 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

HOSPITAL WALKOUT COULD LAST THREE DAYS

SECTION: NEWS; Around the State; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 516 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


SAN FRANCISCO Hundreds of hospital workers who want more of a say in patient
care took to the picket line Tuesday at the California Pacific Medical Center in
San Francisco.

The walkout could last as long as three days.

A spokeswoman for Pacific Medical Center said the hospital was disappointed at
the picket line, by Service Employees International Union Local 250.

The union includes licensed vocational nurses, radiology technicians, aides,
clerks and other hospital workers.

The strikers were supposed to be joined by strikes at hospitals owned by
Catholic Healthcare West, but late-night negotiations avoided those.

Fresno

Judge grants delay of farmland drain plan

A federal judge has granted the U.S. Department of the Interior a month-long
delay in submitting its plan to drain salty irrigation water from beneath about
41,000 acres of west San Joaquin Valley farmland.

Interior's new deadline to file the plan in U.S. District Court in Fresno is
Feb. 26.

The delay will allow President Bush's cabinet officials to study the plan and
make changes.

The Clinton administration failed in a last-minute attempt to settle the case
with a land buyout.

The drainage plan was ordered by Judge Oliver W. Wanger, who has ruled the
government has a responsibility to provide some kind of solution for 17
landowners.

The land, which is in Westlands Water District, is slowly being poisoned by the
irrigation drainage trapped below crops.

The federal government promised in 1960 to provide a drain. The drain, which was
supposed to end at the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta, was stopped in
western Merced County in the 1970s.

San Francisco

S.F. public defender fires expected rival

San Francisco's new public defender, Kimiko Burton, has fired her predecessor's
top aide, who would be her chief rival for the 2002 election.

Burton was appointed to the position last week, following the resignation of
Jeff Brown, who was appointed to the state Public Utilities Commission.

His chief assistant, Jeff Adachi, had announced he would run for the office in
2002. San Francisco is the only county in the state that elects its public
defender. Burton sent a letter to Adachi's home Friday, a scheduled day off,
saying he was no longer needed.

She said she wanted to put in her own choice for No. 2 person in the department.
Randall Martin was her choice for chief assistant and is a 23-year veteran of
the office.

Arcata

Airport observer system replaced

Humboldt County's only commercial airport is losing its last human ground
observer in February, but the computerized system replacing them is just as
good, or better, officials said.

"An automated observer system isn't identical to human observation," said
National Weather Service meteorologist John Lovegrove. "But it's equivalent. The
Federal Aviation Agency has been testing them since 1991, and they do work
well."

Lovegrove, who works at the weather station on Woodley Island, said the
Automated Surface Observing System that takes over at the airport next month was
actually installed in 1998.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Appointments to state agency boards and commissions; shall give due regard to
race and gender.

LENGTH: 1387 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jackson: Mississippi Legislature has issued the following Status of Senate
Bill:



   MISSISSIPPI LEGISLATURE



 2016 Regular Session



 To: Accountability, Efficiency, Transparency



 By: Senator(s) Dawkins

 Senate Bill 2610



 AN ACT TO PROVIDE THAT THE GOVERNOR, LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR AND ANY OTHER
APPOINTING AUTHORITY SHALL GIVE DUE REGARD TO RACE AND GENDER IN MAKING
APPOINTMENTS TO STATE AGENCY BOARDS AND COMMISSIONS; TO PROVIDE THAT MEMBERS OF
STATE AGENCY BOARDS AND COMMISSIONS SHALL GIVE DUE REGARD TO RACE AND GENDER IN
SENDING DESIGNEES TO MEETINGS; TO SPECIFY THE STATE AGENCY BOARDS AND
COMMISSIONS TO WHICH THIS ACT APPLIES; AND FOR RELATED PURPOSES.





      BE IT ENACTED BY THE LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI:



      SECTION 1.  (1)  Effective with any appointment to a state agency board,
commission or council made after January 1, 2016, the Governor, Lieutenant
Governor or any other appointing authority shall give due regard to race and
gender in making the appointment in order to meet the goal of twenty-five
percent (25%) minority and female membership on the board, commission or
council.



      (2)  Any member of a state agency board, commission or council who is
authorized to send a designee to a meeting of the board, commission or council
shall give due regard to race and gender in making the designation in order to
meet the goal of twenty-five percent (25%) minority and female designees
attending such meetings.



      (3)  State boards, commissions and councils subject to the provisions of
this act are as follows:  State Board of Accountancy; Mississippi Leadership
Council on Aging; Air Ambulance Service Board; State Board of Animal Health;
State Board of Architecture; Department of Archives and History; Mississippi
Commission on Arts; Athletic Commission; Mississippi Auctioneer Commission;
Department of Banking and Consumer Finance; State Board of Banking Review; Board
of Bar Admissions; State Board of Barber Examiners; The Jefferson Davis Shrine,
Board Beauvoir; Mississippi Bicentennial Celebration Commission; Mississippi
Industries for the Blind; Mississippi Blues Commission; Boiler and Pressure
Vessel Safety Board; State Bond Commission; Mississippi Building Codes Council;
Mississippi Business Finance Corporation; Capital Defense Counsel; Capitol City
Convention Center Commission; Central Market Board; Chickasawhay Natural Gas
District Board; Board of Chiropractic Examiners; Civil Rights Education
Commission; Civil War Battlefield Commission; Claiborne County Port Commission;
Mississippi Coast Coliseum Commission; Commission on College Accreditation;
College Savings Plan of Mississippi; Commercial Mobile Radio Service Board;
State Board of Contractors; Mississippi Corn Promotion Board; Department of
Corrections; State Board of Cosmetology; Board of Examiners for Licensed
Counselors; Crime Stoppers Advisory Council; Board of Dental Examiners;
Mississippi Executive Director Development Authority; Development Disabilities
Planning Council; Division of Medicaid Drug Utilization Review Board; Early
Learning Collaboration Grant Program; EdNet Institute; Council for Education
Technology; Department of Education; Educational Television Authority; Egg
Marketing Board; State Board of Election Commissioners; Electronic Protection
Licensing Advisory Board; Emergency Management Agency (MEMA); Board of Emergency
Telecommunications Standards and Training; Department of Employment Security
Executive Director; Mississippi Board of Licensure for Engineers and Land
Surveyors; Environmental Quality Permit Board; Department of Environmental
Quality, Commissioners; Ethics Commission; Mississippi Fair Commission;
Department of Finance & Administration; Mississippi Institute for Forest
Inventory; Board of Registration for Foresters; Mississippi Forestry Commission;
State Board of Funeral Service; Mississippi Gaming Commission; Registered
Professional Geologists Board; Grand Gulf Military Monument Commission;
Greenville Port Commission; Mississippi Guaranty Pool Board; Gulf States Marine
Fisheries Commission; Hancock County Port and Harbor Commission;
Hattiesburg-Laurel Airport Authority; Board of Directors Health Care Trust Fund
and Health Care Expendable Funds; State and Public School Employees Health
Insurance Management Board; State Department of Health; Mississippi Historical
Preservation Professional Review Board; Mississippi Commission on Holocaust;
Mississippi Home Corporation; Home Inspector Regulatory Board; Hospital
Equipment and Facilities Authority; Department of Human Services; Mississippi
Humanities Council; Statewide Independent Living Council; Mississippi Department
of Information Technology Services; Board of Trustees of State Institutions of
Higher Learning; Department of Insurance; Jackson County Port Authority; Board
on Jail Officer Standards and Training; Mississippi Judicial Advisory Study
Committee; Commission on Judicial Performance; Land, Water and Timber Resources
Board; Landscape Architecture Advisory Committee; Board on Law Enforcement
Officer Standards and Training; Joint Legislative Budget Committee; Mississippi
Levee Board; Mississippi Library Commission; Local Government Records Committee;
Mississippi Department of Marine Resources; State Board of Massage Therapy;
Division of Medicaid; Mississippi Medical Care Advisory Committee; Board of
Medical Licensure; Department of Mental Health; Motor Vehicle Commission;
Director of Narcotics Bureau; Nursing Home Administrators; Mississippi Board of
Nursing; State Oil and Gas Board; State Board of Optometry; State Parole Board;
Pat Harrison Waterway District Commission; Peanut Promotion Board; Pearl River
Valley Water Supply District; Pearl River Basin Development District; Pearl
River Industrial Commission; Joint Committee on Performance Evaluation and
Expenditure Review (PEER); State Personnel Board; Division of Medicaid's
Pharmacy and Therapeutics Committee; State Board of Pharmacy; Governor's
Commission on Physical Fitness and Sports; State Board of Physical Therapy;
Bureau of Plant Industry; Polygraph Examiners Board; Prison Industry Corporation
Board; State Board of Psychology; Mississippi Public Broadcasting Board; Public
Employees' Retirement System; Department of Public Safety; Mississippi Public
Service Commission; Mississippi Radiation Advisory Council; Rankin-Hinds Pearl
River Flood and Drainage Control Board; Real Estate Appraiser Licensing and
Certification Board; Real Estate Commission; State Rehabilitation Council; State
Department of Rehabilitation Services; Coordinating Council for Remote Sensing
and Geographic Information Systems; Rice Promotion Board; Mississippi River
Parkway Commission; Road Protection Commission; State Seed Board; Small Business
Compliance Advisory Panel; Board of Examiners for Social Workers and Marriage
and Family Therapists; Mississippi Soil and Water Conservation Commission;
Southeast Interstate Low-Level Radioactive Waste Management Commission; Council
on Southern Community; Southern Global Strategies Council; Southern Growth
Policies Board; Southern Rapid Rail Transit Commission; Southern Technology
Council; Soybean Promotion Board; State Port Authority at Gulfport; Department
of Revenue Board of Appeals; Tennessee-Tombigbee Water Development Authority;
Tobacco Control Advisory Council; Tombigbee River Valley Water Management
District; Tombigbee Valley Authority; Mississippi Tort Claims Board;
Transportation Commission Appeals Board; State Transportation Department;
Mississippi Trauma Advisory Committee; Uniform State Law; Veterans Affairs
Board; Veterans Home Purchase Board; Mississippi Veterans Memorial Stadium
Commission; State Board of Veterinary Medicine; Mississippi Commission for
Volunteer Service; War Veterans Memorial Commission; Warren County Port
Commission; Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks; Mississippi Commission
on the Status of Women; Workers' Compensation Commission; State Workforce
Compensation Board; Yazoo County Port Commission; Yazoo Mississippi Delta Joint
Water Management District and Yellow Creek State Inland Port Authority.



      SECTION 2.  This act shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Appointments to state agency boards and commissions; shall give due regard to
race and gender.

LENGTH: 1387 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jackson: Mississippi Legislature has issued the following Status of Senate
Bill:



   MISSISSIPPI LEGISLATURE



 2016 Regular Session



 To: Accountability, Efficiency, Transparency



 By: Senator(s) Dawkins

 Senate Bill 2610



 AN ACT TO PROVIDE THAT THE GOVERNOR, LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR AND ANY OTHER
APPOINTING AUTHORITY SHALL GIVE DUE REGARD TO RACE AND GENDER IN MAKING
APPOINTMENTS TO STATE AGENCY BOARDS AND COMMISSIONS; TO PROVIDE THAT MEMBERS OF
STATE AGENCY BOARDS AND COMMISSIONS SHALL GIVE DUE REGARD TO RACE AND GENDER IN
SENDING DESIGNEES TO MEETINGS; TO SPECIFY THE STATE AGENCY BOARDS AND
COMMISSIONS TO WHICH THIS ACT APPLIES; AND FOR RELATED PURPOSES.





      BE IT ENACTED BY THE LEGISLATURE OF THE STATE OF MISSISSIPPI:



      SECTION 1.  (1)  Effective with any appointment to a state agency board,
commission or council made after January 1, 2016, the Governor, Lieutenant
Governor or any other appointing authority shall give due regard to race and
gender in making the appointment in order to meet the goal of twenty-five
percent (25%) minority and female membership on the board, commission or
council.



      (2)  Any member of a state agency board, commission or council who is
authorized to send a designee to a meeting of the board, commission or council
shall give due regard to race and gender in making the designation in order to
meet the goal of twenty-five percent (25%) minority and female designees
attending such meetings.



      (3)  State boards, commissions and councils subject to the provisions of
this act are as follows:  State Board of Accountancy; Mississippi Leadership
Council on Aging; Air Ambulance Service Board; State Board of Animal Health;
State Board of Architecture; Department of Archives and History; Mississippi
Commission on Arts; Athletic Commission; Mississippi Auctioneer Commission;
Department of Banking and Consumer Finance; State Board of Banking Review; Board
of Bar Admissions; State Board of Barber Examiners; The Jefferson Davis Shrine,
Board Beauvoir; Mississippi Bicentennial Celebration Commission; Mississippi
Industries for the Blind; Mississippi Blues Commission; Boiler and Pressure
Vessel Safety Board; State Bond Commission; Mississippi Building Codes Council;
Mississippi Business Finance Corporation; Capital Defense Counsel; Capitol City
Convention Center Commission; Central Market Board; Chickasawhay Natural Gas
District Board; Board of Chiropractic Examiners; Civil Rights Education
Commission; Civil War Battlefield Commission; Claiborne County Port Commission;
Mississippi Coast Coliseum Commission; Commission on College Accreditation;
College Savings Plan of Mississippi; Commercial Mobile Radio Service Board;
State Board of Contractors; Mississippi Corn Promotion Board; Department of
Corrections; State Board of Cosmetology; Board of Examiners for Licensed
Counselors; Crime Stoppers Advisory Council; Board of Dental Examiners;
Mississippi Executive Director Development Authority; Development Disabilities
Planning Council; Division of Medicaid Drug Utilization Review Board; Early
Learning Collaboration Grant Program; EdNet Institute; Council for Education
Technology; Department of Education; Educational Television Authority; Egg
Marketing Board; State Board of Election Commissioners; Electronic Protection
Licensing Advisory Board; Emergency Management Agency (MEMA); Board of Emergency
Telecommunications Standards and Training; Department of Employment Security
Executive Director; Mississippi Board of Licensure for Engineers and Land
Surveyors; Environmental Quality Permit Board; Department of Environmental
Quality, Commissioners; Ethics Commission; Mississippi Fair Commission;
Department of Finance & Administration; Mississippi Institute for Forest
Inventory; Board of Registration for Foresters; Mississippi Forestry Commission;
State Board of Funeral Service; Mississippi Gaming Commission; Registered
Professional Geologists Board; Grand Gulf Military Monument Commission;
Greenville Port Commission; Mississippi Guaranty Pool Board; Gulf States Marine
Fisheries Commission; Hancock County Port and Harbor Commission;
Hattiesburg-Laurel Airport Authority; Board of Directors Health Care Trust Fund
and Health Care Expendable Funds; State and Public School Employees Health
Insurance Management Board; State Department of Health; Mississippi Historical
Preservation Professional Review Board; Mississippi Commission on Holocaust;
Mississippi Home Corporation; Home Inspector Regulatory Board; Hospital
Equipment and Facilities Authority; Department of Human Services; Mississippi
Humanities Council; Statewide Independent Living Council; Mississippi Department
of Information Technology Services; Board of Trustees of State Institutions of
Higher Learning; Department of Insurance; Jackson County Port Authority; Board
on Jail Officer Standards and Training; Mississippi Judicial Advisory Study
Committee; Commission on Judicial Performance; Land, Water and Timber Resources
Board; Landscape Architecture Advisory Committee; Board on Law Enforcement
Officer Standards and Training; Joint Legislative Budget Committee; Mississippi
Levee Board; Mississippi Library Commission; Local Government Records Committee;
Mississippi Department of Marine Resources; State Board of Massage Therapy;
Division of Medicaid; Mississippi Medical Care Advisory Committee; Board of
Medical Licensure; Department of Mental Health; Motor Vehicle Commission;
Director of Narcotics Bureau; Nursing Home Administrators; Mississippi Board of
Nursing; State Oil and Gas Board; State Board of Optometry; State Parole Board;
Pat Harrison Waterway District Commission; Peanut Promotion Board; Pearl River
Valley Water Supply District; Pearl River Basin Development District; Pearl
River Industrial Commission; Joint Committee on Performance Evaluation and
Expenditure Review (PEER); State Personnel Board; Division of Medicaid's
Pharmacy and Therapeutics Committee; State Board of Pharmacy; Governor's
Commission on Physical Fitness and Sports; State Board of Physical Therapy;
Bureau of Plant Industry; Polygraph Examiners Board; Prison Industry Corporation
Board; State Board of Psychology; Mississippi Public Broadcasting Board; Public
Employees' Retirement System; Department of Public Safety; Mississippi Public
Service Commission; Mississippi Radiation Advisory Council; Rankin-Hinds Pearl
River Flood and Drainage Control Board; Real Estate Appraiser Licensing and
Certification Board; Real Estate Commission; State Rehabilitation Council; State
Department of Rehabilitation Services; Coordinating Council for Remote Sensing
and Geographic Information Systems; Rice Promotion Board; Mississippi River
Parkway Commission; Road Protection Commission; State Seed Board; Small Business
Compliance Advisory Panel; Board of Examiners for Social Workers and Marriage
and Family Therapists; Mississippi Soil and Water Conservation Commission;
Southeast Interstate Low-Level Radioactive Waste Management Commission; Council
on Southern Community; Southern Global Strategies Council; Southern Growth
Policies Board; Southern Rapid Rail Transit Commission; Southern Technology
Council; Soybean Promotion Board; State Port Authority at Gulfport; Department
of Revenue Board of Appeals; Tennessee-Tombigbee Water Development Authority;
Tobacco Control Advisory Council; Tombigbee River Valley Water Management
District; Tombigbee Valley Authority; Mississippi Tort Claims Board;
Transportation Commission Appeals Board; State Transportation Department;
Mississippi Trauma Advisory Committee; Uniform State Law; Veterans Affairs
Board; Veterans Home Purchase Board; Mississippi Veterans Memorial Stadium
Commission; State Board of Veterinary Medicine; Mississippi Commission for
Volunteer Service; War Veterans Memorial Commission; Warren County Port
Commission; Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and Parks; Mississippi Commission
on the Status of Women; Workers' Compensation Commission; State Workforce
Compensation Board; Yazoo County Port Commission; Yazoo Mississippi Delta Joint
Water Management District and Yellow Creek State Inland Port Authority.



      SECTION 2.  This act shall take effect and be in force from and after its
passage.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                    January 31, 2001 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

HOSPITAL WALKOUT COULD LAST THREE DAYS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 602 words


SAN FRANCISCO Hundreds of hospital workers who want more of a say in patient
care took to the picket line Tuesday at the California Pacific Medical Center in
San Francisco.

The walkout could last as long as three days.

A spokeswoman for Pacific Medical Center said the hospital was disappointed at
the picket line, by Service Employees International Union Local 250. The union
includes licensed vocational nurses, radiology technicians, aides, clerks and
other hospital workers.

The strikers were supposed to be joined by strikes at hospitals owned by
Catholic Healthcare West, but late-night negotiations avoided those.

Twenty-two Northern California hospitals have already agreed to Local 250's
patient care provision in contract talks.

Fresno

Judge grants delay of farmland drain plan

A federal judge has granted the U.S. Department of the Interior a month-long
delay in submitting its plan to drain salty irrigation water from beneath about
41,000 acres of west San Joaquin Valley farmland.

Interior's new deadline to file the plan in U.S. District Court in Fresno is
Feb. 26. The delay will allow President Bush's cabinet officials to study the
plan and make changes.

The Clinton administration failed in a last-minute attempt to settle the case
with a land buyout.

The drainage plan was ordered by Judge Oliver W. Wanger, who has ruled the
government has a responsibility to provide some kind of solution for 17
landowners.

The land, which is in Westlands Water District, is slowly being poisoned by the
irrigation drainage trapped below crops.

The federal government promised in 1960 to provide a drain. The drain, which was
supposed to end at the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta, was stopped in
western Merced County in the 1970s.

San Francisco

S.F. public defender fires expected rival

San Francisco's new public defender, Kimiko Burton, has fired her predecessor's
top aide, who would be her chief rival for the 2002 election. Burton was
appointed to the position last week, following the resignation of Jeff Brown,
who was appointed to the state Public Utilities Commission.

His chief assistant, Jeff Adachi, had announced he would run for the office in
2002. San Francisco is the only county in the state that elects its public
defender. Burton sent a letter to Adachi's home Friday, a scheduled day off,
saying he was no longer needed.

She said she wanted to put in her own choice for No. 2 person in the department.
Randall Martin was her choice for chief assistant and is a 23-year veteran of
the office.

Arcata

Airport observer system replaced

Humboldt County's only commercial airport is losing its last human ground
observer in February, but the computerized system replacing them is just as
good, or better, officials said.

"An automated observer system isn't identical to human observation," said
National Weather Service meteorologist John Lovegrove. "But it's equivalent. The
Federal Aviation Agency has been testing them since 1991, and they do work
well."

Lovegrove, who works at the weather station on Woodley Island, said the
Automated Surface Observing System that takes over at the airport next month was
actually installed in 1998. But until this month, the FAA paid human observers
to work at the airport as back-up.

County officials have expressed concerns about the changeover because the
airport is in an unusually foggy area. They also worry about what happens when
the computer develops a glitch.

Wire reports

For the full stories, go to ContraCostaTimes.com/news/ and click on "Bay Area"
or "California" in the left column.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                             April 1, 2008 Tuesday
                  5 NORTHWEST CONNECTICUT/SPORTS FINAL EDITION

INVENTION CONVENTION GETS $150,000 GRANT TO EXPAND

BYLINE: This week's Education Briefs column was written by Courant Staff Writer
Rose Latimer.

SECTION: CONNECTICUT; EDUCATION BRIEFS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 702 words


The Connecticut Invention Convention, a program designed to foster creativity
and problem-solving skills for pupils in kindergarten through eighth grade, has
received a $150,000 state grant to expand by as much as 25 percent.

About 10,000 pupils in 75 to 80 schools participate in the program, which takes
place in classes and after-school programs. Pupils develop ideas into viable
inventions, then present them at local invention conventions.

A statewide convention is held each spring at Gampel Pavilion at the University
of Connecticut in Storrs, where more than 250 awards are presented.

In addition to the state money, the invention convention is supported by UTC,
AT&T, Microsoft, Electric Boat, Comcast, CL&P, General Electric and the UConn
School of Engineering.

*

The University High School of Science and Engineering, a magnet high school on
the University of Hartford campus, has been selected by Magnet Schools of
America to receive a 2008 Magnet School of Excellence Award.

The award, given to 50 magnet schools nationwide, is the top category of awards
given by the group. It recognizes magnet schools that show a commitment to high
academic standards, curriculum innovation, successful desegregation/diversity
efforts, and the consistent delivery of quality services.

The school, a partnership of the university and Hartford Public Schools, has a
focus on scientific, engineering and technology fields.

*

Quinnipiac University in Hamden awarded a $20,000 scholarship each to Meghan
Begley and Alexandra McIe at the Connecticut Science Fair hosted by Quinnipiac
earlier this month. Meghan, of Berlin, an eighth-grader at St. Paul Middle
School, achieved third honors in the Pfizer life sciences eighth-grade category.

McIe, of Brewster, N.Y., a senior at Brewster High School, was a finalist in the
high school Pfizer life sciences high school division.

McIe was eligible to compete in the Connecticut fair because it is open to
students who live in several cities and towns of neighboring states or who are
enrolled in schools there.

*

The University of New Haven has selected East Hampton resident Michael Folcik, a
computer engineering major, for an official citation from the General Assembly
for outstanding academic achievement as part of College Academic Day at the
Capitol in Hartford on April 9.

Folcik was selected based on his academic achievement and campus involvement. He
has been a member of the Alpha Lambda Delta national honor society since 2006,
is founder and leader of the UNH Robotics Club, is a teaching assistant in the
engineering department and mentored middle school students during the first UNH
Engineering and Science Summer Institute for Young Women in 2007.

*

UConn's Neag School of Education, the national Action Coalition for Media
Education and the Alliance for a Media Literate America will present "The New
Media Literacies for Today's Plugged-In Generation" on the UConn campus in
Storrs.

The daylong event is designed for teachers, health care professionals,
counselors and prevention specialists, media leaders, parents and others
interested in exploring the impact of today's mass media upon children and
youths.

Keynote speakers include Michael Wesch, a cultural anthropologist and digital
ethnographer from Kansas State University, and Anastasia Goodstein, author of
"Totally Wired -- What Teens and Tweens Are Really Doing Online."

Call 860-486-3231 for a brochure and registration information or go to
http://www.education.uconn.edu/conferences/medialit.

*

Capital Community College's Black & Latino Male Resource Center will hold its
third annual Youth Leadership Conference, titled "From the Bottom to the Top,
From the Streets to the Honor Roll: How to Become a Successful Student," on
Thursday from 9:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. in the Hartford college's 11th-floor
auditorium, Centinel Hill Hall.

The free event will feature two speakers: Roderick Claybrooks, author of "The
Black Student Guide to Success," and Angel Oquendo, a professor of law at UConn.
Lunch will be served.

The men's center at Capital was created last year through an Achieving the Dream
grant to provide support and bolster success rates among male students of color.

For more information, call 860-906-5152.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 30, 2004 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Survival of Fittest and Leanest Becomes Strategy for the Airlines

BYLINE: By MICHELINE MAYNARD

SECTION: Section A; Column 2; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1756 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


After half a decade of turmoil, a picture of air travel in the United States is
starting to emerge, and it is far different from the caring image the airlines
like to present.

In an artsy television commercial for United Airlines, for example, a cosseting
flight attendant gives an excited traveler water for a rose he is taking home to
mom, while in American Airlines' advertising landscape, travelers are flying for
happy reunions. After all, the airline declares, ''We know why you fly.''

In truth, Americans fly because it is cheap and often the fastest way to travel
as planes have become not luxury liners but subways of the sky.

''This is the way the world is going,'' said Robert F. Tumminaro, a manager at
an auto parts company in suburban Chicago, who checked himself in at a Southwest
Airlines kiosk at Midway Airport recently, bypassing a skycap and carrying his
own rolling suitcase and computer bag.

Just four years ago, he said, he would have taken United, where he had
accumulated thousands of frequent-flier miles. Fed up with United's high fares
and numerous delays out of the nearby O'Hare International Airport, Mr.
Tumminaro said, ''I flipped my United card back at them'' and switched to
Southwest.

Planes, many of them fully packed, are set to carry more than 600 million
passengers this year, masking the fact that the big airlines are in a financial
free fall, having lost $30 billion since 2000, with expectations of losing
another $5 billion this year and next.

The airline carrying the most passengers within the United States is now
Southwest, according to the Transportation Department, far outstripping its
roots as a regional carrier from Texas. The growth of Southwest illustrates why
fares keep dropping, pushing 3 of the industry's top 10 airlines into
bankruptcy.

The average transcontinental trip, which set travelers back more than $400 each
way four years ago, now costs closer to $200, according to Back Aviation
Solutions, an industry consulting firm.

All this has sent the big airlines scrambling to devise strategies that will
keep them in business, a process of creative destruction that is akin to the
chaos that afflicted the telecommunications industry in the 1990's. While no one
expects airline seats to be sold like minutes in a telephone plan -- at least
not yet -- it is clear that the full-service approach that United and American
would still like their customers to think is the norm is fast vanishing from the
American scene.

''The traditional structure of being a one-stop shop for all the travel needs of
your customers is not going to be the future at all,'' said Jagdish Sheth,
professor of marketing and corporate strategy at Emory University in Atlanta.

The upheaval is the climax of a process that began with deregulation in 1978,
and that has accelerated this decade because of a business slump, the September
2001 attacks, the onslaught of low-fare competition and high fuel prices. And
like the transformation of Ma Bell, the status quo has been flipped on its head
in the airline industry with upstarts like Southwest and JetBlue leading the
way.

At Midway Airport and at Baltimore-Washington International Airport, Southwest
has installed its self-service kiosks, which print baggage claim tags, along
with the usual boarding passes and credit card receipts. As a result, one
customer service agent can oversee two check-in stations, said Virginia Bona,
Southwest's assistant station manager at Midway.

What is good for the passengers may not be good for workers. Elnora P. Hamb, 64,
who sat watching customers using the kiosks at Midway recently, said, ''I think
it's putting people out of jobs.''

Mrs. Hamb, national president of the Women's Missionary Council of the Christian
Methodist Episcopal Church, like millions of other American consumers, is avidly
participating in that process anyway. Instead of calling airline reservation
lines, she said she regularly goes on the Internet to shop for cheap tickets,
bent on saving travel costs for her church.

Most often, she said, she flies on a low-fare airline like Southwest, which lets
her amend her itineraries at little or no cost, thus avoiding the fees charged
by the big carriers for last-minute changes.

The transformation in the industry is rewarding companies like Southwest and
JetBlue that are thinking up new ways to meet their customers' needs with few
frills and low fares on popular routes. But that model is hardly the global
industry's leanest.

An even more extreme model is Ryanair, serving Europe from its base in Ireland.
Ryanair charges minuscule ticket prices and makes passengers pay for everything
else, from checking bags to drinks and food. It has ordered new planes without
window shades, magazine pockets and reclining seats.

Nothing quite that drastic is planned by airlines serving the United States, but
the trend for basic travel is already clear.

Though the big airlines still pay lip service to the idea of competing with the
low-fare companies, in truth they are casting a desperate eye on the last
corners of the market where they can still charge top prices for tickets, namely
flights where passengers still want first class seats.

That approach is being followed by American, Delta, Northwest and United, which
said recently that they would cut domestic service and expand international
flights, including the first service to Vietnam by an American carrier in three
decades.

''We want to focus our efforts on those markets,'' said John P. Tague, an
executive vice president at United. ''There is a very strong residual demand for
that kind of product. We are confident it's going to work.''

At the same time, United has introduced what it calls p.s., for premium service,
on flights between New York and California, which features seats that turn into
beds, gourmet food and the kind of style that brings back visions of the glory
days.

A new survey by the Brookings Institution suggests that many customers may
simply not care about the opportunity for luxury flights. The survey measured
each of the major airlines according to the value that it provided passengers,
in terms of low fares and the number of cities served.

Far and away, the study found, the most value was provided by Southwest,
distantly followed by United and Delta. American, Continental and US Airways
actually provided negative value. That indicated customers felt ''getting rid of
them would be good'' because their absence would allow better airlines to take
up the slack, said Clifford Winston, a Brookings economist.

The survey leads him to believe that in the industry's next phase airlines will
have to be efficient. Otherwise, ''they will pay for it in not being able to
survive,'' Mr. Winston said.

Getting there, however, is proving existentially painful.

Shrinking has become a way of life for the big airlines, which cut 110,000 jobs
after the September 2001 attacks and have even more cuts on the way.

American, Delta, United and US Airways all have announced plans to eliminate
jobs of pilots, mechanics, flight attendants and customer service agents. Most
are taking planes out of their fleets and at the same time, sharply cutting
benefits like vacation time, post-retirement health care and pensions that have
added billions to their costs.

''The harsh reality is that our world has permanently changed, and we must
change with it,'' Delta's chief executive, Gerald A. Grinstein, told employees
in September.

Southwest is not immune either. About 1,100 workers took an early retirement
plan this summer. And the airline filled its last two flight attendant classes
from its own ranks including some of the gate agents who once worked at Midway,
Ms. Bona said.

But the cuts are coming from a position of strength. Even as the major airlines
cut back, the healthiest low-fare carriers are expanding their route systems and
ordering hundreds of new aircraft. Granted, they are not completely immune from
the problems buffeting the industry.

ATA Airlines, a low-fare airline based in Indianapolis, filed for bankruptcy
protection this week, after its aggressive expansion plans were stymied by high
fuel costs. And JetBlue disappointed analysts in the third quarter, when its
earnings fell, prompting Standard & Poor's Ratings Services to assign a negative
outlook, meaning its debt rating could be cut if it cannot make improvements.

But JetBlue still made money and like Southwest, it is striving to be efficient.
Southwest now employs just 75 employees per aircraft, compared with more than
100 at each of the major companies, and only slightly more than the 70 employees
per aircraft at JetBlue, whose workers are not represented by unions.

''The companies are doing their downsizing and the workers and unions are being
left behind,'' said Gary Chaison, a professor of industrial relations at Clark
University in Worcester, Mass.

Whether entire airlines will be left behind is a matter of intense debate in
airline circles.

Given the intense pressure from high jet fuel prices and stiff competition from
low-fare companies, some say it is inevitable that old names will disappear -- a
prospect that US Airways raised repeatedly this fall, as it successfully pleaded
with a federal bankruptcy court judge to grant emergency pay cuts.

Others point out just how hard it is to kill an airline. Vanished names like
Eastern, Pan Am and T.W.A. floundered for years in the 1980's and 1990's before
finally going under. And even as US Airways, Delta and United are mired in
bankruptcy or close to it, new carriers like Virgin America are poised to move
into the American market, assuming they can find financial backing and win
regulatory approval.

Moreover, JetBlue and Southwest are each buying additional planes. JetBlue,
which started in 2000 with a single New York to Florida route, now serves more
than 30 cities, and expects to add dozens more over the next few years as it
adds hundreds of Airbuses and regional jets to its fleet.

What is evolving may end up being better for the country and certainly will be
for passengers, said Herbert D. Kelleher, the chairman at Southwest. ''I don't
see it as dark and foreboding and bleak,'' Mr. Kelleher said in a recent
interview. ''Every time we go through one of these harrowing experiences, the
industry has endured, it has survived and it has successfully provided what I
consider to be an essential service for the American public and American
business.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: ''Feeling the Heat of Competition''Low-fare airlines have been
expanding to cities and routes once served only by the major carriers, and now
carry nearly a quarter of all domestic passengers. This has given more fliers on
the big six a choice of low-fare airlines
for example, nearly 40 percent of United's passengers can opt instead for a
flight on Southwest.Graph tracks number of domestic passengers on full-service
airlines and low-fare airlines from 1987 to 2003.Percent of major airlines'
passengers who can choose to fly on low-fare carriers.*UNITEDSOUTHWEST:
38.3%AMERICANSOUTHWEST: 34.4%CONTINENTALSOUTHWEST: 33.8%NORTHWESTSOUTHWEST:
18.2%US AIRWAYSAIRTRAN: 27.2%DELTAAIRTRAN: 25.9%Graph also shows percentages for
America West, JetBlue, ATA, Frontier and Spirit.*Figures as of first quarter
2004.(Sources by Back Aviation Solutions
 darinlee.net)(pg. C3)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                        January 24, 2000, Monday, FINAL

Kudos

SECTION: Business; D10

LENGTH: 491 words


Downtown clothing retailer A-Wear donated $10,000 for breast- cancer research to
the Canadian Cancer Society. Since the Leone family opened the store in 1995, it
has donated 25 cents to charity for every item sold.

Abbotsford's first Crystal Ball raised $36,000 for the Fraser Valley branch of
the Canadian Breast Cancer Foundation. The money will be used to purchase an
ultrasound probe and biopsy guide for the MSA Hospital.

Rogers Cablesystems donated $9,000 to the Vancouver Food Bank this Christmas,
consisting of about $4,500 raised by employees and matched by the company.
Staff in the Call Centres collected food donations to accompany the cash. As
well, $5,000 was donated to the Surrey Food Bank. Rogers also financially
supported the Christmas program at the Gathering Place, which provided food
trays, outings for patrons to view Christmas lights, Christmas breakfast, New
Year's Eve dinner and a millennium dinner. Rogers staff collected a truckload of
clothes for the Gathering Place and helped serve the New Year's meal.

The Fitness Group raised $5,000 for Big Sisters of BC Lower Mainland through its
Christmas raffle.

The 14th annual Yuletide Lights of Hope at the Sutton Place Hotel raised
$13,193.89 for the Oak Tree Clinic at B.C. 's Children's Hospital. Co-sponsors
were Sutton Place, American Express, HSBC, 97 KISS-FM and The Vancouver Sun.
Air, rail, cruise and coach-line sponsors were America West Airlines, American
Airlines, Canadian Airlines, Holland America Line, Japan Airlines, Pacific Coach
Lines, Premier Pacific Coach Lines, Princess Tours, Rocky Mountaineer Railtours,
Via Rail and West Coast Express. The People's Choice Award for the best
Christmas tree was won by Via Rail.

Psychologist Brenda Knight received the B.C. Psychological Association's
Humanitarian Award for outstanding advocacy and humanitarian work in the area of
child abuse.

B.C. hotels named in this month's Conde Nast Gold list readers' poll are the
Four Seasons, Pan Pacific and Sutton Place in Vancouver, Aerie Resort, Malahat,
Chateau Whistler Resort and Empress in Victoria.

Landsea Tours, with the assistance of guest services staff of some Vancouver and
Richmond Hotels, collected 425 pounds of food and $1,750 for the Food Bank, as
well as 15 boxes of toys this Christmas. Contributors were Hotel Vancouver,
Sutton Place, Hyatt, Century Plaza, YWCA, Sylvia, Ramada on Pender, Ramada
Richmond, Delta Suites, Pacific Palisades, Sheraton Four Points, Metropolitan,
Wall Centre, Holiday Inn on Howe and the Westin Grande.

Dr. Irwin Stewart received Rotary International's top honour, the Service Above
Self Award. It recognizes his volunteer health-care work in Zimbabwe and local
efforts promoting international youth exchanges and coordinating a scholarship
program for doctors in B.C. and China. Stewart is a retired ear, nose and throat
specialist and UBC professor.


LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Photo: (Brenda) Knight; Photo: IT'S CRYSTAL CLEAR: Marie Shepherd
(left) chair of the Fraser Valley branch of the Canadian Breast Cancer
Foundation accepts cheque from Tammy Preast-Bolton, chair of the Crystal Ball
committee.; Photo: A-OKAY: (from left) Jan Bell-Irving (left) of Canadian Cancer
Society accepts donation from A-Wear advertising and PR manager Patrizia Leone.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

New York: Troy '15 Selected for Fulbright

LENGTH: 661  words

DATELINE: Albany


Hobart and William Smith Colleges, The State of New York has issued the
following News release:

Christopher Troy '15 has been selected for the prestigious 2015-16 Fulbright
U.S. Student Award to support an English Teaching Assistantship to Argentina,
giving him an once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to follow his passion for teaching
while at the same time, providing him with an opportunity to pursue a career in
global medicine.

Known for drawing a highly competitive field of applicants, the Fulbright
Program is the U.S. government's flagship international educational exchange
program. This spring, Troy is one of four HWS students who have received
Fulbright awards, including Katherine Cornell '15, Jeanine Cryan '15 and Jordyn
Dezago '15. HWS recently was among the colleges and universities that was
recognized as a top producer of 2013-2014 Fulbright U.S. Students.

"It is a considerable distinction to be selected for a Fulbright grant, one that
I am extremely grateful for," says the chemistry and Spanish double major. "HWS
has a strong history of securing a few Fulbright grants a year, and I am happy
and honored to be in that group."

Troy's interest in Spanish language and Hispanic cultural studies developed at a
young age and continued during an HWS semester in Seville, Spain. Troy says he
chose Argentina due to the connections he's made with Argentines living in the
United States, as well as its location in South America. "It is a region of the
Hispanic world I have not visited and as a student interested in global
medicine, exposure to this part of the world is a valuable experience," he says.

Troy's role as a Teaching Fellow in the chemistry department for the past three
years has allowed him to develop his own teaching philosophy, one he hopes to
apply during his Fulbright experience. "My role is to gently steer each student
to find the solution rather than just providing the answer," he says. "Both the
teacher and student must participate actively, seemingly all for the benefit of
the student, but one cannot teach without learning. The job is difficult but
there is joy for me in the success of each student."

As a supplemental project to his teaching assistantship, Troy hopes to pursue
volunteer opportunities at a medical clinic or other healthcare facility.
"Participating in a healthcare system like Argentina's that is more than
partially government funded, would give invaluable insights into what my own
future might hold as a practicing physician in the United States," he explains.
"Whether or not my pre-med training and job experience can be of use, I am at
least another willing pair of hands, something all healthcare facilities need."

In addition to his role as a Teaching Fellow, Troy is student worker for the
Office of Admissions, president of Theta Delta Chi Fraternity, chair of the
Stewardson Society, a student guide for the Pre-Orientation Adventure Program,
and a member of the Club Ice Hockey Team. He's the 2011-2015 recipient of
Cornelius A. Wood Scholarship for most academically outstanding Hobart student,
winner of the 2014 Eaton-Cross Prize for Excellence in Biology and Chemistry and
has been a member of the Orange Key and Chimera Honor Societies.

After his Fulbright, Troy intends to apply to medical school, and will consider
programs through the U.S. military.

"My professional goal is to become a physician working with children, which is
to say that I want to become a teacher: helping children, especially those
gravely ill, means teaching them in a way they understand, and teaching parents
in a way they understand," he says. "The opportunity of teaching in Argentina
will, I hope, be a benefit to my students. Both of us will gain a better
understanding of the world and its people: a privilege many do not have. I know
it will benefit the children I work with later in my life."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

New York: Troy '15 Selected for Fulbright

LENGTH: 661  words

DATELINE: Albany


Hobart and William Smith Colleges, The State of New York has issued the
following News release:

Christopher Troy '15 has been selected for the prestigious 2015-16 Fulbright
U.S. Student Award to support an English Teaching Assistantship to Argentina,
giving him an once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to follow his passion for teaching
while at the same time, providing him with an opportunity to pursue a career in
global medicine.

Known for drawing a highly competitive field of applicants, the Fulbright
Program is the U.S. government's flagship international educational exchange
program. This spring, Troy is one of four HWS students who have received
Fulbright awards, including Katherine Cornell '15, Jeanine Cryan '15 and Jordyn
Dezago '15. HWS recently was among the colleges and universities that was
recognized as a top producer of 2013-2014 Fulbright U.S. Students.

"It is a considerable distinction to be selected for a Fulbright grant, one that
I am extremely grateful for," says the chemistry and Spanish double major. "HWS
has a strong history of securing a few Fulbright grants a year, and I am happy
and honored to be in that group."

Troy's interest in Spanish language and Hispanic cultural studies developed at a
young age and continued during an HWS semester in Seville, Spain. Troy says he
chose Argentina due to the connections he's made with Argentines living in the
United States, as well as its location in South America. "It is a region of the
Hispanic world I have not visited and as a student interested in global
medicine, exposure to this part of the world is a valuable experience," he says.

Troy's role as a Teaching Fellow in the chemistry department for the past three
years has allowed him to develop his own teaching philosophy, one he hopes to
apply during his Fulbright experience. "My role is to gently steer each student
to find the solution rather than just providing the answer," he says. "Both the
teacher and student must participate actively, seemingly all for the benefit of
the student, but one cannot teach without learning. The job is difficult but
there is joy for me in the success of each student."

As a supplemental project to his teaching assistantship, Troy hopes to pursue
volunteer opportunities at a medical clinic or other healthcare facility.
"Participating in a healthcare system like Argentina's that is more than
partially government funded, would give invaluable insights into what my own
future might hold as a practicing physician in the United States," he explains.
"Whether or not my pre-med training and job experience can be of use, I am at
least another willing pair of hands, something all healthcare facilities need."

In addition to his role as a Teaching Fellow, Troy is student worker for the
Office of Admissions, president of Theta Delta Chi Fraternity, chair of the
Stewardson Society, a student guide for the Pre-Orientation Adventure Program,
and a member of the Club Ice Hockey Team. He's the 2011-2015 recipient of
Cornelius A. Wood Scholarship for most academically outstanding Hobart student,
winner of the 2014 Eaton-Cross Prize for Excellence in Biology and Chemistry and
has been a member of the Orange Key and Chimera Honor Societies.

After his Fulbright, Troy intends to apply to medical school, and will consider
programs through the U.S. military.

"My professional goal is to become a physician working with children, which is
to say that I want to become a teacher: helping children, especially those
gravely ill, means teaching them in a way they understand, and teaching parents
in a way they understand," he says. "The opportunity of teaching in Argentina
will, I hope, be a benefit to my students. Both of us will gain a better
understanding of the world and its people: a privilege many do not have. I know
it will benefit the children I work with later in my life."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record (Stockton, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 15, 2009 Thursday

Seeking bare necessities: Program helps homeless veterans find needed services

BYLINE: Zachary K. Johnson, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 862 words


Jan. 15--STOCKTON -- More than a year after San Joaquin County's first Homeless
Veterans Stand Down brought about 150 local veterans in contact with services
that could help them stay healthy or find homes, organizers are gearing up for a
second gathering at the end of the month.

Veterans served their country and should not be homeless just because they're
not getting help, said San Joaquin County Superior Court Judge Barbara Kronlund,
one of the organizers.

"It's despicable," she said. "We wanted to do something to turn it around ...
and help this deserving group."

A big concern is that veterans who are homeless or in danger of becoming
homeless are not tapped into services, including medical care available through
the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, she said.

"They tend to drop out of society," Kronlund said. "We're trying to re-integrate
them."

"Stand down" is a military term referring to a time of respite, and similar
events for homeless veterans are held throughout the country. In September, the
VA will hold a three-day stand down in Palo Alto for veterans throughout a
service area that includes San Joaquin County.

Organizers for the Stockton stand down have made adjustments since holding the
first event in October 2007. Everything at the Jan. 30 stand down will be at the
Stockton Shelter for the Homeless and St. Mary's Interfaith Dining Hall under
the Crosstown Freeway. That means no more shuttle linking St. Mary's to the
county WorkNet building.

But organizers still plan to have volunteers -- veterans themselves -- to escort
their homeless brethren through the daylong affair.

These volunteers will help the veterans navigate the event, which is doubling as
one gathering place used to tally up San Joaquin County's total homeless
population, an endeavor undertaken every two years.

Many of the services on hand will be available to all the homeless who come, but
there will be an area for services only available to veterans, said Jon Moore,
county community development chief deputy director.

Support has been strong for the upcoming stand down -- a donation of 30 pallets
loaded with military surplus goods arrived last week, and Arnaiz Development Co.
stepped in to store the truckload of goods -- but fewer agencies and
organizations have signed on to be a part of the stand down than in 2007,
organizer Scott Tyrrell said.

The list is still open, and everyone will make sure all services will be
available, said Tyrrell, legislative assistant for Leroy Ornellas, chairman of
the San Joaquin County Board of Supervisors. The stand down is possible through
$10,000 from the county and outside donations of money and services.

The plan is to hold a stand down every other year, and it could be in place to
help veterans now serving in Iraq and Afghanistan who could end up on the
streets, Ornellas said.

Even though the last stand down exceeded expectations, the goal is to reach more
veterans. "We think we just scratched the surface."

Among the homeless, veterans are more likely to suffer from post-traumatic
stress disorder, said John Reynolds, executive director of the Stockton Shelter
for the Homeless. "Some of these veterans have mental health issues that really
should be dealt with."

Many homeless veterans are from the Vietnam War era, and some are still having
trouble overcoming anxiety issues or alcohol and substance abuse, said Kate
Severin, homeless outreach coordinator with the VA Palo Alto Health Care System.
Some of these and other homeless veterans are either not aware of medical
services available through the VA or have distanced themselves from services,
she said. The stand down "is a really nice way to bridge that gap."

Nationally, there has been a greater push by the VA to provide transitional
housing for homeless veterans, she said. A grant for transitional housing was
recently awarded to local nonprofit Dignity's Alcove.

Transitional housing is just the kind of help James Pilgrim, 46, said he needs.
"You can set your life better if you have a place to lay your head," said
Pilgrim, who served in the U.S. Army from 1980 to 1993 and was part of Operation
Desert Storm.

He said he has been homeless for a year but has been in the county only three
weeks. He's starting school at San Joaquin Delta College to study culinary arts.

He also said he would be looking for counseling for what he has only recently
been able to attribute to post-traumatic stress. "It's something you really
don't know how to put your finger on."

Pilgrim and other veterans at the shelter on a recent Thursday said they were
looking forward to Jan. 30.

"I hope that it helps us veterans to have a better place to start our lives over
again," Pilgrim said.

Contact reporter Zachary K. Johnson at (209) 546-8258 or zjohnson@recordnet.com

To see more of The Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.recordnet.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Record, Stockton, Calif.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090115-SK-Seeking-bare-necessities-0115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2009 The Record


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                 July 21, 1994, Thursday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION

ROUTE DROPPED

BYLINE: CARD:FCC:FRAUD

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 565 words


Northwest Airlines plans to discontinue service between the USA and Australia
via Japan, a route the carrier says has not been profitable. Although
profitability is the main reason service is being dropped, Northwest also cited
Tokyo's refusal to grant Northwest a permit for the route for more than one
month at a time. Northwest had already scaled back service between Sydney and
Osaka to one round-trip flight a week.

COMPAQ RESULTS: Compaq Computer Corp., the leading maker of personal computers,
says it nearly doubled its profits in the second quarter. Compaq said its
earnings jumped 95% to $ 210 million, or 78 cents a share, from $ 102 million,
or 40 cents a share, a year earlier. It reported record sales of $ 2.5 billion,
a 53% increase from the $ 1.63 billion in last year's quarter. (More earnings,
7B)

TRADE TALKS: The United States is open to more procurement talks with Japan but
nothing has been scheduled despite a looming deadline for possible U.S.
sanctions moves, a senior administration official said. Tokyo faces an
end-of-month deadline to open its public procurement market in both
telecommunications and medical technology or face possible U.S. sanctions
proceedings. Aides refuse to discuss the likelihood of U.S. action in the
matter, but senior U.S. officials have said that insufficient progress has been
made thus far and they expect little before the deadline. The threat triggers a
60-day negotiating period.

BUSINESS BEFORE ETHICS?  President Clinton's pledge to write a code of conduct
for U.S. business operating in China may be broadened to address human rights
problems the world over, Reuters reported.  The possible shift angers some human
rights advocates, who sense a White House ploy to put business over ethics and
again avoid a confrontation with Beijing.

MASTERCARD MOVING: MasterCard International says that it will move its
headquarters from Manhattan to Westchester County, reversing its decision last
year to stay in the city. The company, which employs 550 people in New York,
will move next year to one of three sites in Westchester.  The company $ 250
million over 20 years by moving to Westchester.  MasterCard announced in
February 1993 that it had outgrown its offices on Seventh Avenue, but would stay
in Manhattan.

AIR AUCTION: The U.S. government expects to raise billions of dollars selling
slices of air.  Next week, the Federal Communications Commission is to begin
auctioning space on the public airwaves for a new crop of wireless
communications services. The licenses - the first of their kind - entitle a
company to operate on a slice of the radio waves and in designated geographic
areas.

EXECS INDICTED: The former chairman and president of defunct Braniff
International Airlines were indicted on charges that they conspired to defraud
federal regulators and conceal assets from creditors. The pair: Chairman Jeffrey
Chodorow and President Scot Spencer. They were accused of, among other things,
concealing the fact that Spencer in effect ran the airline after being barred
from doing so. Spencer had been president of an earlier incarnation of Braniff
that had sought bankruptcy court protection. But when the DOT allowed the
airline to fly again in 1991, it barred Spencer from further involvement with
Braniff, saying he had a long record of "conflicts with laws, regulations and
procedures."

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Moneyline

A QUICK READ ON THE TOP MONEY NEWS OF THE DAY

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            February 15, 2016 Monday

Industry split over air traffic control reform

BYLINE: John Hageman Forum News Service

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1008 words


GRAND FORKS -- In several darkened rooms on the University of North Dakota
campus last week, students were monitoring planes taxiing down a virtual runway.

They're part of the John D. Odegard School of Aerospace Sciences' air traffic
control program. A number of them were using projector screens to simulate
working in an airport's control tower, while classmates in another room
controlled the planes moving across the screen.

Meanwhile, more than 1,000 miles away, congressional lawmakers and industry
groups are debating a proposal that has implications for the future of those
students' chosen career.

Included in the Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization bill introduced
this month is a provision to move air traffic controllers from the government to
a private nonprofit corporation. Proponents, including the National Air Traffic
Controllers Association (NATCA), say the change could separate air traffic
control operations from constant political deadlocks that have affected agency
funding.

While acknowledging the proposal leaves some unanswered questions, UND Assistant
Chairman of Air Traffic Control program Paul Drechsel said it could have some
potential benefits to graduating students, including by streamlining
technological advances. He said the new management structure could mean quicker
implementation of the NextGen modernization project, which seeks to replace
ground-based radar with satellite systems.

"I support what the union says, but I understand what the American public
wants," Drechsel said. "I'm a flyer and I want to be safe and I want my family
to be safe. And if we can ensure that, maybe it's the next step."

NATCA President Paul Rinaldi testified last week his association would support
the legislation as long as safety remains a priority and its "members are fully
protected in their employment relationship.

"Maintaining our members' pay and benefits, including retirement and health
care, along with our negotiated agreements for their work rules, are crucial to
us," he added.

Grand Forks International Airport has 22 air traffic controllers, according to
FAA spokesman Tony Molinaro. He said the agency does not comment on pending
legislation.

The bill passed the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee last week
and is now heading to the House floor.

Locals react

UND is not the end of the line for those seeking to become air traffic
controllers. Once they leave campus, they're required to go to the FAA Academy
in Oklahoma City, where Drechsel said students often excel.

While he's not sure how a private corporation would go about its hiring,
Drechsel predicted a private corporation may be in a better position to seek
"the best and brightest" graduates. He said there are 157 students currently in
the program.

"I think that as a college and as a program, I think it would have a big impact
that would probably be positive," Drechsel said. "As a business model, if you
have an individual who is paying for their own education, which means they're
highly motivated, they have a lot invested, that's the individual I would want
to hire."

Drechsel said NATCA's support of the proposal is "huge ... because you need to
have that buy-in from the workers."

The North Dakota Aeronautics Commission hasn't taken an official stance on the
air traffic control proposal, its Executive Director Kyle Wanner said, but he
noted several industry groups have raised concerns. That includes general
aviation officials who worry major airlines would have too much power on the new
organization's governing board.

Ryan Riesinger, executive director of the Grand Forks Regional Airport
Authority, said he's aware of the debate over the proposal, but he's more
concerned with the FAA reauthorization bill's provisions on infrastructure
grants.

Members of North Dakota's congressional delegation did not offer definite
support or opposition to air traffic control reform last week. Sen. Heidi
Heitkamp, D-N.D., said in a statement she wants to "make sure any legislative
update to modernize and make our system more effective maintains the safety of
North Dakota travelers as our top priority."

The FAA would still be in charge of safety, according to a summary of the bill.

Sen. John Hoeven, R-N.D. said Thursday senators had not yet seen a draft of the
bill.

"We'll have to see how it's paid for and how it will be accountable to the
public, as well as (addresses) safety," he said in an emailed statement.

Rep. Kevin Cramer, R-N.D., said "there's a lot to like" about the proposal, but
he's still weighing potential benefits and consequences. He predicted such a
major change would require more time for lawmakers to review, given that FAA
funding is set to expire March 31, according to The Hill, a media outlet based
in Washington, D.C., that covers politics.

Disagreements

The proposal has generated mixed responses from aviation industry groups and
even disagreement among major airlines.

Doug Parker, vice chairman of Airlines for America, which represents major
carriers like American Airlines and United Airlines, testified a year ago that a
"commercialized, nonprofit type governance structure would deliver the the
greatest benefits for a reformed (air traffic control) entity because such a
structure would continue to put safety first while driving value for all
stakeholders."

But Delta Air Lines, which flies out of Grand Forks International Airport,
opposes the change, arguing countries with private systems such as Canada and
the United Kingdom saw operational costs increase. It estimated that if the U.S.
were to switch to a private system, those costs could increase by 20 to 29
percent, and consumers could be hit with higher fee increases.

"Delta agrees that improvements to our current air traffic control system are
needed." the airline's Senior Vice President Steve Dickson said in a statement.
"Great progress has already been made on this front through years of research
and implementation of NextGen technologies and operational capabilities, and we
need to focus on continuing this momentum."

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Concord Transcript (California)

                       May 4, 2000 Thursday FINAL EDITION

HUMAN RELATIONS HONORS YOUTHS, COMMUNITY SPIRIT;
RUTH GALINDO IS POSTHUMOUSLY HONORED FOR HER CIVIC INVOLVEMENT, WHILE STUDENTS
PALLAVI PARTHSARATHY AND BRIGITTE SANCHEZ ARE NAMED THE COMMISSION'S YOUTH
SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENTS

BYLINE: Glenn Kaplan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 752 words


One of the highlights of the Concord Human Relations Commission's annual Awards
and Recognition Dinner is the diversity in both culture and age of those
honored.

Pallavi Parthasarathy and Brigitte Sanchez, the commission's youth scholarship
award recipients, will be recognized on the same night that Ruth Galindo will
posthumously be bestowed with the commission's Spirit of Concord award.

The three award recipients come from dramatically different backgrounds and
while Sanchez and Parthasarathy are just beginning to make their civic mark,
Galindo donated a lifetime making hers. However, the recipients all share one
thing in common: selfless dedication to the community in which they live.

For 18-year-old Parthasarathy, a Concord resident and senior at Northgate High
School, the scholarship award is well-earned. Currently, Parthasarathy serves as
a member of the Countywide Youth Commission and acts as youth liaison to the
county Board of Supervisors. She is active in several community projects and
volunteer organizations, while concurrently serving as a teacher's assistant on
the ship Crago, where children are educated about the Delta while on field
trips.

Parthasarathy points to her work with Books for the Barrios, a program that
sends books to the Philippines, as one of her most rewarding.

"I like to know what's going on in the community," said Parthasarathy, who will
attend UC Berkeley in the fall. "I want to be a voice for people my age in the
community."

Like Parthasarathy, fellow youth award recipient Brigitte Sanchez is actively
involved in several community service projects. As a senior at Mt. Diablo High
School, Sanchez has spent hundreds of hours with Future Leaders of America and
currently serves on her high school's Site Council. Of all her activities,
Sanchez points to her position as student body president as one of her most
significant.

"Being able to help students, to help them pursue their goals and being there
for them is what serving as president is about," said Sanchez, who adds that she
works closely with the school administration to bring about positive change.

"Knowing that you are part of something, that you are helping people- it makes
me feel good."

In addition to her work with various student and civic organizations, Sanchez
has volunteered more than 400 hours at the Sports Occupation Clinic as part of
Mt. Diablo Medical Center's mentor program. Sanchez assists trainers with their
patients, and she also aids the head trainer of Diablo Valley College's athletic
program.

"I'd like to be an athletic trainer, but I would like to go beyond that and be a
team physician," said Sanchez. "Doctors help people. If I see someone in need
and they need my help, I'll help them."

Sanchez, who said she is from a low-income family, added that she will be
attending UC Berkeley in the fall and will use the scholarship award towards her
tuition.

The final and perhaps most distinguished award at the Concord Human Relations
Commission awards dinner will go to Ruth Galindo, honoring a lifetime of service
within Concord and the greater community.

Galindo was a direct descendent of Concord's founders and an avid historian.
Through her work as co-founder of the Concord Historical Society and a charter
member of the Contra Costa Historical Society, Galindo ensured that the history
of Concord would be preserved.

As a Spanish teacher at Mt. Diablo High School, Galindo taught thousands of
students during her 34-year tenure. While teaching, Galindo volunteered at Mt.
Diablo Hospital and was an active member of the American Association of
University Women. Before her death last Christmas, Galindo willed her home, a
National Historical Landmark, to the city.

"Ruth was committed to her family and their contribution to Concord," said Jim
Serventi, a friend of Galindo's and current treasurer of the Concord Historical
Society "She was an advocate for our city and its history and felt a strong
kinship to her community."

Serventi added that Galindo was a woman of dignity and that she was respected
throughout the community.

"Ruth is the embodiment of the spirit of Concord," said Christine Callahan,
executor of Galindo's estate. She will accept the award posthumously at the
awards dinner. "She was definitely Concord's favorite daughter."

Galindo, Parthasarathy and Sanchez will be honored Friday, May 12, at the Human
Relations Commission's Awards and Recognition Dinner at the Concord Hilton, 1970
Diamond Blvd.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos-Pallavi Parthasarathy, Brigitte Sanchez and Ruth Galindo, all
mugs

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Concord Transcript (California)

                       May 4, 2000 Thursday FINAL EDITION

HUMAN RELATIONS HONORS YOUTHS, COMMUNITY SPIRIT;
RUTH GALINDO IS POSTHUMOUSLY HONORED FOR HER CIVIC INVOLVEMENT, WHILE STUDENTS
PALLAVI PARTHSARATHY AND BRIGITTE SANCHEZ ARE NAMED THE COMMISSION'S YOUTH
SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENTS

BYLINE: Glenn Kaplan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 752 words


One of the highlights of the Concord Human Relations Commission's annual Awards
and Recognition Dinner is the diversity in both culture and age of those
honored.

Pallavi Parthasarathy and Brigitte Sanchez, the commission's youth scholarship
award recipients, will be recognized on the same night that Ruth Galindo will
posthumously be bestowed with the commission's Spirit of Concord award.

The three award recipients come from dramatically different backgrounds and
while Sanchez and Parthasarathy are just beginning to make their civic mark,
Galindo donated a lifetime making hers. However, the recipients all share one
thing in common: selfless dedication to the community in which they live.

For 18-year-old Parthasarathy, a Concord resident and senior at Northgate High
School, the scholarship award is well-earned. Currently, Parthasarathy serves as
a member of the Countywide Youth Commission and acts as youth liaison to the
county Board of Supervisors. She is active in several community projects and
volunteer organizations, while concurrently serving as a teacher's assistant on
the ship Crago, where children are educated about the Delta while on field
trips.

Parthasarathy points to her work with Books for the Barrios, a program that
sends books to the Philippines, as one of her most rewarding.

"I like to know what's going on in the community," said Parthasarathy, who will
attend UC Berkeley in the fall. "I want to be a voice for people my age in the
community."

Like Parthasarathy, fellow youth award recipient Brigitte Sanchez is actively
involved in several community service projects. As a senior at Mt. Diablo High
School, Sanchez has spent hundreds of hours with Future Leaders of America and
currently serves on her high school's Site Council. Of all her activities,
Sanchez points to her position as student body president as one of her most
significant.

"Being able to help students, to help them pursue their goals and being there
for them is what serving as president is about," said Sanchez, who adds that she
works closely with the school administration to bring about positive change.

"Knowing that you are part of something, that you are helping people: it makes
me feel good."

In addition to her work with various student and civic organizations, Sanchez
has volunteered more than 400 hours at the Sports Occupation Clinic as part of
Mt. Diablo Medical Center's mentor program. Sanchez assists trainers with their
patients, and she also aids the head trainer of Diablo Valley College's athletic
program.

"I'd like to be an athletic trainer, but I would like to go beyond that and be a
team physician," said Sanchez. "Doctors help people. If I see someone in need
and they need my help, I'll help them."

Sanchez, who said she is from a low-income family, added that she will be
attending UC Berkeley in the fall and will use the scholarship award towards her
tuition.

The final and perhaps most distinguished award at the Concord Human Relations
Commission awards dinner will go to Ruth Galindo, honoring a lifetime of service
within Concord and the greater community.

Galindo was a direct descendent of Concord's founders and an avid historian.
Through her work as co-founder of the Concord Historical Society and a charter
member of the Contra Costa Historical Society, Galindo ensured that the history
of Concord would be preserved.

As a Spanish teacher at Mt. Diablo High School, Galindo taught thousands of
students during her 34-year tenure. While teaching, Galindo volunteered at Mt.
Diablo Hospital and was an active member of the American Association of
University Women. Before her death last Christmas, Galindo willed her home, a
National Historical Landmark, to the city.

"Ruth was committed to her family and their contribution to Concord," said Jim
Serventi, a friend of Galindo's and current treasurer of the Concord Historical
Society "She was an advocate for our city and its history and felt a strong
kinship to her community."

Serventi added that Galindo was a woman of dignity and that she was respected
throughout the community.

"Ruth is the embodiment of the spirit of Concord," said Christine Callahan,
executor of Galindo's estate. She will accept the award posthumously at the
awards dinner. "She was definitely Concord's favorite daughter."

Galindo, Parthasarathy and Sanchez will be honored Friday, May 12, at the Human
Relations Commission's Awards and Recognition Dinner at the Concord Hilton, 1970
Diamond Blvd.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos-Pallavi Parthsarathy, Brigitte Sanchez and Ruth Galindo, all
mugs (Contributed photos)

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 29, 2013 Monday
                                 Every Edition

SECTION: Pg. A14

LENGTH: 2450 words


Capital Business has partnered with the nonprofit Sunlight Foundation to bring
you a snapshot of the new clients signed by lobbying firms, based on federal
registration data.


Lobbyist         Client         Issues             ADP Tax    ADP Tax   Employm
                                                   Credits    Credits   ent and
                                                                        trainin
                                                                        g
                                                                        initiat
                                                                        ives;
                                                                        and
                                                                        immigra
                                                                        tion
                                                                        reform.
Allied Pilots    Allied Pilots  Airline industry.
Association      Association
Alston & Bird    Airport        Security screening
                 Consultants    manufacturing
                 Council        industry; and
                                government testing
                                and purchasing of
                                the services or
                                equipment provided
                                by the industry.
Alston & Bird    Medical Mutual Health care
                 of Ohio        reform;
                                Medicare/Medicaid
                                reimbursement; and
                                the Centers for
                                Medicare and
                                Medicaid Services.
American         American       Medicare
Clinical         Clinical       reimbursement for
Laboratory       Laboratory     clinical
Association      Association    laboratory
                                services; health
                                care reform
                                implementation;
                                regulation of
                                laboratory-develop
                                ed tests; and the
                                physician fee
                                schedule.
Ball Janik       Durant &       Defense Department
                 Ziobro         medical programs
                                and policies.
Barbara Zylinski Qinetiq North  Technology;
                 America        maritime and cargo
                                security; and
                                cybersecurity.
Bevan, Mosca,    Lincoln        Higher Education
Giuditta &       Educational    Act.
Zarillo          Services Corp.
Brooks Bawden    National       Fusion centers;
                 Fusion Center  criminal
                 Association    intelligence;
                                information
                                sharing;
                                Department of
                                Homeland Security
                                grants; and
                                cybersecurity.
Brownstein,      Fort Sill      Indian Gaming
Hyatt et al.     Apache Tribe   Regulatory Act,
                                Section 20
                                procedure.
Burrell Project  Smith, Dawson  Patient Protection
Consult          & Andrews      and Affordable
                                Care Act;
                                Temporary
                                Assistance to
                                Needy Families;
                                and workforce,
                                criminal justice
                                and transportation
                                funding.
Burton Kamins    IBM            Cyber Intelligence
Advocacy                        Sharing and
                                Protection Act;
                                corporate tax
                                reform; and
                                immigration
                                reform.
Burton Kamins    Hill Farrer &  Transportation.
Advocacy         Burrill
C2 Group         NCDR for Kool  Medicaid
                 Smiles         expansion.
C2 Group         Praxair        Helium Stewardship
                                Act and tax
                                reform.
Capitol Alliance Western        WaterSMART
Consulting       Municipal      funding;
                 Water District Endangered Species
                                Act; and the Water
                                Resources
                                Development Act.
Capitol Hill     ExxonMobil     Energy and
Consulting Group                environmental
                                policy.
Capitol Insight  Association of Postal reform and
                 United States  financial
                 Postal Lessors solvency;
                                disposition of U.S
                                Postal Service
                                -leased
                                facilities.
Capitol Insight  Florida        Federal agency
                 Association of public service and
                 Broadcasters   marketing
                                announcements.
Carmen Group     Related Cos.   Real estate.
Cassidy &        Sterling       International and
Associates       Global         embassy security;
                 Operations     explosive ordnance
                                and weapons
                                removal; and
                                contracting.
Cavarocchi       FLIR Systems   Defense Department
Ruscio Dennis                   funding and
Association                     contracts.
Chambers, Conlon Seneca Group   University
& Hartwell       for            research and
                 Northwestern   development
                 University     grants.
Charles Group    Westport       Treatment of
                 Pharmaceutical nonconvertible
                 s              pharmaceutical
                                products under
                                counternarcotics
                                laws.
Consulting With  Yellowstone    Water and sewer
Communities      Boys and Girls standards and
                 Ranch          compliance;
                                implementation of
                                electronic health
                                records for mental
                                health; and
                                introducing
                                tele-medicine and
                                school-based
                                health centers in
                                rural schools.
Cormac Group     CHS-Clinical   Higher education
                 Campus         and health care.
Cormac Group     American       Prior
                 Capitol Group  authorization for
                                radiation benefits
                                management
                                services under
                                Medicare fee-for-
                                service.
Cormac Group     EdPlus         Student loans and
                 Holdings       higher education
                                reauthorization.
Cornerstone      Kirby Corp.    Water Resources
Government                      Development Act;
Affairs                         civil works budget
                                of the U.S. Army
                                Corps of
                                Engineers; and the
                                Merchant Marine
                                Act of 1920.
Cornerstone      Hunt           Public-private
Government       Development    partnerships.
Affairs          Group
Cornerstone      Georgia Health Graduate medical
Government       Science        education; higher
Affairs          Research       education; and
                 Institute      Medicare funding.
Cornerstone      Community      Federal data
Government       Development    centers and
Affairs          Fndn. of       economic
                 Marion County, development.
                 Ala.
Cornerstone      Lewis & Clark  Higher education
Government       Community      and community
Affairs          College        colleges;
                                agricultural
                                research; Water
                                Resources
                                Development Act;
                                and Health
                                Resources and
                                Services
                                Administration
                                funding.
Cove Strategies  Verizon        Broadband,
                 Communications telecommunications
                                and tax reform.
David Turch &    North Lake     Airport expansion.
Associates       Park at Lake
                 Nona, Fla.
David Turch &    Concerned      Airport expansion.
Associates       Citizens for
                 Responsible
                 Development
Delta            Centre County  Surface
Development      (Pa.) Board of transportation
Group            Commissioners  authorization.
Denny Miller     National       Developmental
Associates       Children's     disability.
                 Center
                 Foundation
East End Group   Astellas       Infectious disease
                 Pharma USA     product discovery,
                                approval and
                                payment.
East End Group   Forest         Infectious disease
                 Laboratories   product discovery,
                                approval and
                                payment.
Edens Advisory   Hunter Defense Research and
                 Technologies   development of
                                Defense Department
                                prosthetics and
                                robotics;
                                procurement of
                                shelters and power
                                generation
                                products; and
                                cargo aerial
                                delivery.
Eid Passport     Eid Passport   Funding
                                authorizations.
Emmer Consulting National Assn. Long-term care;
                 of             Medicare; and
                 Professional   Older Americans
                 Geriatric Care Act care
                 Managers       management.
Ernst & Young    Viacom         International tax
                                reform.
Ernst & Young    Discovery      International tax
                 Communications reform.
Ernst & Young    Walt Disney    International tax
                 Co.            reform.
Ernst & Young    Thermo Fisher  International tax
                 Scientific     reform.
Ervin Technical  Flextronics    Manufacturing
Associates       International  policy.
                 USA
Ferguson Group   Byron Bethany  Contract for use
                 Irrigation     of federal
                 District       facilities for
                                non-federal water
                                deliveries.
Ferguson Group   Town of        Water
                 Southington    infrastructure
                 (Conn.) Water  improvements.
                 Department
Ferguson Group   City of Fort   Federal funding
                 Wayne, Ind.    for local
                                priorities.
Fierce,          FWD.us         Immigration
Isakowitz &                     reform.
Blalock
Finn Partners    Camara         Trade in tuna and
                 Nacional de la tuna products;
                 Industria      eco-labeling;
                 Pesquera y     international
                 Acuicola       trade agreements;
                                and the Marine
                                Mammal Protection
                                Act.
Fitzgerald,      Fair Food      Sustainable
Kathleen         Network        agriculture and
                                public health.
Fontheim         American       Tobacco control
International    Cancer         measures and trade
                 Society-Cancer agreements.
                 Action Network
Fox Potomac      CB&I           Energy Department
Resources                       and the National
                                Nuclear Security
                                Administration.
Greenberg        Jarden Corp.   Duty suspension
Traurig                         bills and
                                counterfeiting and
                                privacy laws in
                                China.
Greenberg        TechServe      Immigration
Traurig          Alliance       reform.
Greenberg        Essential      Immigration
Traurig          Worker         reform.
                 Immigration
                 Coalition
Greenberg        National Rifle Firearms and
Traurig          Assn.          gun-control
                 Institute for  legislation.
                 Legislative
                 Action
Greenberg        Music First    Copyrights.
Traurig
Groom Law Group, Adamy          Change to the
Chartered        Valuation      definition of
                 Advisors       "fiduciary" under
                                the Employee
                                Retirement Income
                                Security Act.
Hoffman Group    National Law   Background checks
                 Enforcement    for firearm
                 Partnership to purchasers;
                 Prevent Gun    firearms
                 Violence       trafficking and
                                straw purchasers;
                                banning new
                                semi-automatic
                                assault weapons;
                                and limiting
                                high-capacity
                                ammunition
                                magazines.
Holland & Knight Community Care Coordination of
                 of North       care under
                 Carolina       Medicaid and
                                Medicare.
Holland & Knight Pit River      Federal health
                 Tribe          policy, land
                                policy, natural
                                resources and
                                transportation.
Holland & Knight International  Expansion of
                 Group of P&I   coverage of the
                 Clubs          responder immunity
                                provisions in 33
                                U.S.C.  1321(c)(4)
                                to shipowners.
Holland & Knight Temple         Health care
                 University     funding.
Hurt, Norton &   Friends of     Base Realignment
Associates       Fort Rucker,   and Closure;
                 Ala.           authorization and
                                appropriations for
                                military
                                construction; and
                                Army aviation.
International    Countywide     Department of
Gov't Relations  Transportation Veterans Affairs
Group                           procurement.
Jeffery J        Superior       Reimbursement.
Kimbell &        Air-Ground
Association      Ambulance
                 Services
Jeffery J        Terumo BCT     Biomedical
Kimbell &                       Advanced Research
Association                     and Development
                                Authority.
JM Burkman &     Chapman House  Federal grant
Associates                      funding.
Keys Group       Beef Products  Farm bill.
Liebman &        Campus Crest   Clean and
Association      Development    sustainable energy
                                technology
                                research,
                                development and
                                demonstration.
Majority Group   Americans for  Second Amendment.
                 Responsible
                 Solutions
Management &     Coalition of   Interstate
Government       Transportation transportation;
Resources        Associations   wage and hour
                                misclassifications
                                ; insurance
                                liability; and
                                airports.
Management &     Aqua Health    Patient Protection
Government       Solutions      and Affordable
Resources                       Care Act.
Management &     New Jersey     Federal Debt
Government       Creditors Bar  Credit Practice
Resources        Association    Act.
Management &     New Jersey     Federal Debt
Government       Association of Credit Practice
Resources        Collection     Act.
                 Agencies
Manchester       Port Manatee,  Development of
Maritime         Fla.           port
Associates                      infrastructure and
                                maintenance of
                                navigation
                                channels.
Mayors Against   Mayors Against Background checks;
Illegal Guns     Illegal Guns   illegal
Action Fund      Action Fund    trafficking;
                                high-capacity
                                magazines;
                                concealed-carry
                                reciprocity;
                                military-style
                                assault weapons;
                                and other firearms
                                laws and
                                regulations.
Mcallister &     Advanced       Technology and
Quinn            Photonics      research and
                 Integrated     development.
                 Circuits
McBee Strategic  Opower         U.S. Postal
Consulting                      Service regulation
                                of energy
                                efficiency
                                mailings.
McBee Strategic  Asurion        Trade restrictions
Consulting                      on electronic
                                recycling;
                                restrictions on
                                the transportation
                                of lithium ion
                                batteries; and
                                monitoring issues
                                related to
                                insurance policy
                                and regulation.
McBee Strategic  Fidelity       Defense
Consulting       Technologies   authorization and
                                appropriations.
McBee Strategic  Aireon         Next-generation
Consulting                      deployment issues.
McConnell Valdes City of        Lobbying on issues
                 Arecibo,       related to the
                 Puerto Rico    city of Arecibo,
                                Puerto Rico.
McDonald Hopkins VILF           Virgin Island
Govt' Strategies Consultants    Improvement Act.
Mehlman Vogel    Censeohealth   Care delivery
Castagnetti                     innovations and
                                payment under
                                public programs.
Molina           Molina         Medicaid; Patient
Healthcare       Healthcare     Protection and
                                Affordable Care
                                Act; and Medicare.
Monument Policy  National       Immigration reform
Group            Association of and higher
                 Foreign        education.
                 Student
                 Advisers:
                 Association of
                 International
                 Educators
National Council National       Workers
on Compensation  Council on     compensation
Insurance        Compensation   insurance.
                 Insurance
Nelson, Mullins  Findlay        Appropriations
et al.           Township (Pa.) funding for
                 Municipal      Findlay Township
                 Authority      business park
                                project.
Nutter & Harris  Plum Creek     Agriculture
                 Timber         Department
                                bio-based markets
                                program; water
                                pollution; and
                                climate change.
Nutter & Harris  FMC Corp.      Chemical additives
                                for concrete used
                                for roads and
                                highways.
Nutter & Harris  Aluminum       Carbon emissions;
                 Association    regulation of
                                energy producers
                                and users;
                                recycling; and
                                sustainability.
Olsson, Frank &  American Heart Work with food
Weeda            Association    companies
                                interested in
                                reducing sodium
                                content of their
                                products.
O'Neill &        L-3            Security program
Associates       Communications funding.
O'Neill &        HarborOne      Credit union
Associates       Credit Union   conversion.
Patton Boggs     Coalition for  Medicare
                 Excellence in  reimbursement for
                 Medication     pain medication
                 Monitoring     testing and
                                legislation
                                relating to abuse
                                of prescription
                                pain medication.
Patton Boggs     True Science   Regulation and
                 Holdings       marketing of pet
                                medications.
Patton Boggs     Bike           Advocacy for the
                 Bentonville    biking community.
Patton Boggs     Jefferson      Regional roadway
                 County         right-of-way
                                approval; storm
                                water regulations;
                                manufacturing; and
                                forest fire
                                remediation.
Patton Boggs     Commerce City, Approval for
                 Colo.          roadway on-ramp
                                near Denver
                                International
                                Airport.
Peck, Madigan et FWD.us         Immigration
al.                             reform.
Policy           Scottsdale     Health care and
Development      Healthcare     military training.
Group
Policy           QRxPharma      Post-surgical pain
Directions                      medication and
                                prescription drug
                                abuse deterrent
                                technology.
Policy           Charles River  Pre-clinical/clini
Directions       Laboratories   cal testing
                                services;
                                transport of
                                animals
                                domestically and
                                internationally;
                                and lab animal
                                welfare.
Potomac          CAE USA        Military and
Advocates        Military       civilian simulator
                 Simulation and systems.
                 Training
Principi Group   State of       Florida military
                 Florida        installations and
                                missions.
Pueblo Viejo     Pueblo Viejo   Mining.
Dominicana Corp. Dominicana
                 Corp.
Quinn Gillespie  VeriSign       Renewal of ".com"
& Associates                    registry
                                agreement.
Republic         MAG Industrial Committee on
Consulting       Automation     Foreign Investment
                 Systems        in the United
                                States process
                                consulting.
Rosemont         National       Iranian resistance
Associates       Council of     in the United
                 Resistance of  States.
                 Iran
Russell & Barron Washington     Agriculture
                 University in  research and
                 St. Louis      funding for the
                                Agriculture and
                                Food Research
                                Initiative.
Schulman, Eric   National FPS   Federal Protective
                 Council, AFGE  Service reform.
Sixkiller        Muckleshoot    Funding for
Consulting       Indian Tribe   programs and
                                services available
                                to federally
                                recognized Indian
                                tribes.
Strategic        Iowa State     Graduate
Marketing        University     fellowships.
Innovations
Strategic        New Balance    Defense
Marketing        Athletic Shoe  acquisition.
Innovations
Strategic        Solvay         Advanced
Marketing        Specialty      materials.
Innovations      Polymers
Strategic        Concordia      Advanced
Marketing        Manufacturing  materials.
Innovations
Strategic        Lancer Systems Advanced
Marketing                       materials.
Innovations
Strategic        Barrday        Advanced
Marketing        Composite      materials.
Innovations      Solutions
Strategic        Saint Gobain   Funding for
Marketing        Crystals       sapphire
Innovations                     transparent armor.
Taft, Stettinius People Working Housing
& Hollister      Cooperatively  renovation.
Three Bridges    Capitol        Postal reform and
Advisors         Insight for    financial
                 Assn. of       solvency;
                 United States  disposition of
                 Postal Lessors U.S. Postal
                                Service-leased
                                facilities.
Tiber Creek      Peck Madigan   Immigration
Health           Jones for      reform.
Strategies       FWD.us
Tonio Burgos &   Bayonne Dry    N/A
Associates of    Dock & Repair
N.J.
Tonio, Burgos &  Ben Barnes     Support for an
Associates       Group          economic
                                development
                                project in New
                                York City.
Troutman Sanders Blank Rome for Livestock; trade
                 Canadian       between Canada and
                 Cattlemen's    the U.S.; and the
                 Association    World Trade
                                Organization.
Troutman Sanders Asocana        Sugar program;
                                farm bill; and
                                international
                                sugar trade.
Troutman Sanders Knapp          General Motors and
                 Chevrolet      car-industry
                                matters.
Troutman Sanders Jean Francois  Energy and natural
                 Coste          gas.
Van Ness Feldman Nana Regional  Oil and gas
                 Corp.          legislation.
Van Scoyoc       Galveston      U.S. Army Corps of
Associates       Island Park    Engineers.
                 Board of
                 Trustees
Vectis           Biosynthetic   Promoting
Strategies       Technologies   biosynthetic
                                lubricants as an
                                alternative to
                                oil-based
                                lubricants.
Versant          International  Dairy pricing.
Strategies       Dairy Foods
                 Association
Vorys Advisors   Ohio Library   Making digital
                 Council        content widely
                                available to
                                library users.
Warner Norcross  Alliance of    Securities
& Judd           Merger &       Exchange Act of
                 Acquisition    1934.
                 Advisors
Washington Tax   LIFT America   International
Group            Coalition      taxation.
Williams &       American       Bilateral issues.
Jensen           Lithuanian
                 Business
                 Council
Winn Strategies  Pew Charitable Energy funding.
                 Trusts

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            February 14, 2010 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

GE plans a brighter presence in Atlanta;
Restructuring should give industrial units here a higher profile.;
It may be biggest metro employer you don't see.

BYLINE: Dan Chapman; Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1235 words


Coca-Cola, Home Depot, UPS and Delta Air Lines sit atop the pedestal of Atlanta
corporate giants for the jobs, revenue and prestige they bring to the region.

Curiously absent is General Electric, which has two of its five divisions
headquartered in Cobb County. Revenues from these businesses dwarf any other
Georgia corporation.

And, after a rough decade during which GE's stock fell 90 percent, dividends
went unpaid and executives traveled hat in hand to Washington for financial
support, the Atlanta divisions continue to perform solidly and could lead the
company from its recessionary funk.

So why isn't GE --- which practically invented the modern, globe-spanning
conglomerate and transformed Thomas Edison and Jack Welch into household names
--- more recognizable in Atlanta?

"It's because we're not a consumer-oriented business," Dan Heintzelman, a top GE
Energy executive in Atlanta, said in an interview last week. "We support
utilities and industries all over the world, and that's not necessarily in front
of the public every day. We've got a big employee base here in the state, so it
would be great if we were better known."

That is likely to happen if, as expected, the Atlanta divisions grow and make up
a greater share of GE's overall business. Earlier this year the company
transferred its electrical operations unit from Louisville, Ky., to Atlanta.

The corporate restructuring won't bring new jobs to Atlanta just yet, but it
does boost GE Energy's size and prestige. The move shifted 17,000 employees
under Heintzelman's leadership.

GE counts 323,000 employees in 160 countries. Revenues reached $157 billion in
2009. The multifarious multinational makes everything: dishwashers,
refrigerators, turbines, locomotives, aircraft engines, X-ray machines, circuit
breakers, substations, TV sitcoms and Hollywood movies.

Its financial arm deals in real estate loans, credit cards and home mortgages.
GE has embraced renewable energy and health care. Forbes magazine labeled GE,
headquartered in Fairfield, Conn., the world's biggest company last year.

Who can forget the company's ubiquitous slogans: "Progress is our most important
product," "We bring good things to life" and the ongoing "Imagination at work."

It was the lowly light bulb, though, that emblazoned GE (and Edison) into the
nation's psyche. In 1890, the Edison General Electric Co. began making
incandescent electric lamps.

The company's scientific prowess was matched by an aura of corporate excellence
embodied by Welch, the no-nonsense CEO (1981-2001) who redefined managerial
leadership. Welch decreed that GE should rank first or second in any industry or
get out of it.

GE bought NBC in 1986. Welch further shifted GE's focus in the 1990s from
manufacturing to financial services. Both moves would later haunt the company.

In March 1998, GE Power Systems (GE Energy today) transferred 450 jobs from
Schenectady, N.Y., to the Wildwood office park off Powers Ferry Road. GE cited
the usual relocation reasons: accessible metro airport, tax breaks, engineering
graduates and quality of life. The division's headquarters officially arrived
two and a half years later.

In July 2008, GE established its technology infrastructure headquarters in
Atlanta with John Rice in charge. John Krenicki Jr., GE Energy's chief, and Rice
are two of GE's four vice chairmen.

At the 2001 annual meeting, held in Atlanta, GE's board tapped Jeffrey Immelt to
succeed Welch. Robert Nardelli, who also was in line to replace Welch, had
departed a few months earlier to run Home Depot.

During Welch's tenure, GE revenues quintupled to $130 billion. Its stock traded
around $50 when he stepped aside.

On Friday, it closed at $15.55.

"Their total business has been clobbered," said Ken Bern hardt, Georgia State
University marketing professor. "GE Capital, like most financial institutions,
has experienced significant losses. Television ad revenues are down. Most people
postpone buying appliances. Lighting has gone down with commercial
construction."

GE profits dropped 19 percent last quarter and Immelt predicted earnings would
remain flat in 2010, then climb again in 2011. No division was spared the pain.

Earnings at GE Capital, mired in the same recessionary mess as most banks and
financial institutions --- bad loans, credit card delinquencies and
still-floundering commercial real estate --- dropped 67 percent from the
previous quarter.

NBC Universal's troubles began before the Jay Leno imbroglio went public, with
DVD sales and poorly received movies dragging profits down 30 percent.

It was a mixed bag for GE's industrial, Atlanta-based divisions with sales of
aircraft engines and locomotives dipping. Yet hospital equipment revenues rose
nicely. Signs abound that Atlanta will play an important role as GE looks to
rebound.

In December, for example, GE Energy landed a $1.4 billion contract to supply
giant turbines for an Oregon wind farm. Saudi Arabia, Iraq and other countries
continue to place orders for gas turbines.

GE has a $175 billion industrial backlog, primarily in the developing world.

GE earns 60 percent of its money overseas with China, India, the Middle East and
Brazil offering the most promising markets.

"The United States is still important, but the emerging markets in the rest of
the world are clearly growing faster," said Heintzelman, 52, CEO of the energy
services unit. "There's explosive growth in those countries and the demand for
energy is growing."

Analyst Nicholas Heymann, however, isn't convinced GE is well-positioned to ride
the global momentum. He noted that GE lags behind competitors, such as Siemens
and ABB, in a variety of fields including high-voltage transmission wires and
LED lights.

GE's "businesses that were hard hit in 2009 will come back in 2010, but not
nearly as fast as their competitors," said Heymann, of Sterne, Agee and Leach in
New York. "It's an unusual predicament for GE to be in so many big, emerging
markets where they don't have the leading edge. They'll have to reinvent the
business."

Heintzelman, like Immelt, says they're doing just that. GE is paring finance and
embracing clean tech, which includes energy efficient utilities and homes, and
health care. It's trying to sell a majority stake in NBC to Comcast. A return to
its core industrial businesses --- the things done well in Atlanta --- is
paramount.

"And that does bode well for Atlanta," Georgia State's Bernhardt said.

"There may not be a lot of jobs moving here, but they're high-paid jobs that
over time could bring other jobs here. And John Rice, with a lot of clout in the
corporation, is a really critical factor. The more revenue the Atlanta divisions
bring, they can support the community to a greater degree."

Rice, who chaired the Metro Atlanta Chamber in 2004, engineered a $22 million GE
grant for the Atlanta school system to boost students' math and science skills.

Heintzelman says GE's Atlanta presence, both civic and commercial, will only
grow.

"This is a great place to build a business," he said.

Where GE stands

Employees in Metro Atlanta area: 2,300

Total Georgia employees: 5,319

Headquartered in Atlanta:

GE Energy

GE Technology Infrastructure

Other Georgia operations:

Chamblee: Service center for steam turbines and generators.

Duluth: Gas turbine component factory.

Norcross: GE Energy regional sales headquarters and projects team.

LaFayette: Appliance factory.

Alpharetta, Macon and 12 other locations: GE Capital.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    April 27, 1989, Thursday, Tampa Edition

Clearwater agency gets grant for youth

SOURCE: Compiled from Staff and Wire Reports

BYLINE: DAIL WILLIS

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; SUNCOAST DIGEST; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 1428 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER; LARGO; ST. PETERSBURG; CRYSTAL RIVER; NEW PORT RICHEY;
DADE CITY; TAMPA; BRANDON



CLEARWATER - A local agency has received a $ 25,000 grant to start a    program
that is designed to turn around the lives of a few young people    in the North
Greenwood neighborhood. If organizers succeed in starting    the program, eight
to 15 youths would gather after school to begin to    learn carpentry,
landscaping or other trades. They eventually would    help renovate older houses
in the North Greenwood area and earn minimum    wage for the work. Officials
would like to begin the program by next    school year. But first, organizers
must find another $ 75,000, because    it will take about $ 100,000 per year to
run the program, said Barbara    Butz, executive director of Professional
Employment and Training    Services Inc., a non-profit agency based in Pinellas
Park that    administers several job-training programs. Butz said an 11-member
    board, composed of local residents, business executives and others,    soon
will be formed to oversee the program. It would be open to youths    age 15 to
21 who are dropouts or past dropouts but are now enrolled in    school.



 Alligator that ate family's dog is killed

 LARGO - An 8-foot alligator that gobbled up a family's pet dog    Saturday on
the bank of Lake Seminole was captured Wednesday and taken    to Dade City to be
destroyed. Officials with the Florida Game and Fresh    Water Fish Commission in
Lakeland decided Tuesday to destroy the    alligator because it posed a threat
to residents and their pets who    live near the lake. Early Wednesday
afternoon, local trappers Joe    Borelli Jr. and his father, Joe Borelli Sr.,
captured the alligator,    tying its snout shut and its limbs together. Borelli,
who holds a    contract with the state to trap gators, estimated the reptile was
8    feet 3 inches long and weighed 200 pounds. It was being taken to Dade
City for skinning late Wednesday afternoon.



 Motions for review in Lewis case denied

 ST. PETERSBURG - George Lewis, the 27-year-old former St. Petersburg
firefighter convicted of murdering his neighbor, has lost another round    in
his appeal. In February, the 2nd District Court of Appeal reinstated    Lewis'
convictions of rape and first-degree murder in the May 1984    stabbing of Karen
Gregory, a 36-year-old graphic artist who lived    across the street from him in
Gulfport. On Wednesday, the appeal court    denied motions from Lewis' lawyers
to review that decision. Lewis'    attorneys said they had not seen the appeal
court ruling and therefore    could not comment. But they left open the
possibility that they might    appeal the case further to the Florida Supreme
Court. Lewis is being    held without bail at the Pinellas County Jail. No date
has been set for    his sentencing.



 Dortch hospitalized with chest pains

 CLEARWATER - Former PTL executive director Richard Dortch, 57, was
hospitalized Wednesday undergoing tests for what doctors fear might    have been
a heart attack. Dortch was stricken Monday as he arrived at    the office of his
non-profit counseling service for high-profile    executives, ministers and
public officials who have fallen from grace.    "I felt this pressure coming in
on my chest, and I started having    shortness of breath," Dortch said Tuesday
from Morton Plant Hospital.

 Doctors have told him they are treating it as a heart attack, but    haven't
confirmed that the one-time Assemblies of God leader suffered    one.



 Delta jet taxis through Citrus, Hernando

 CRYSTAL RIVER - The convoy of trucks carrying the front portion of a    Delta
Air Lines Lockheed L-1011 jumbo jet got an early start down U.S.    19 Wednesday
morning after spending the night in the parking lot of the    Sea Wolf
Restaurant in Homosassa Springs. The cockpit and about 65 feet    of the
fuselage rolled through Citrus and Hernando counties en route    to the new
Disney-MGM Studios theme park near Orlando to become a set      for commercials
and movies.



 Man convicted in 'chicken' fatalities

 NEW PORT RICHEY - A Brooksville man was convicted of two counts of    vehicular
homicide Wednesday in an accident a prosecutor said was    caused by a game of
"chicken" that ended with two teen-agers dead.

 Ronald Preston Sellars Jr., 22, of 9 Bowman Road, could be sentenced to
three to seven years in jail. Sellars, who cried after the decision,    was
playing "chicken" with the driver of another car, Daniel St.    Amant, on July
10, 1988, at 1:30 p.m. on Bowman Road, said Assistant    State Attorney Declan
Mansfield. St. Amant's twin, Christopher, 18, and    Steven Wasson, 19, of Land
O'Lakes, were killed immediately in the    head-on crash in north-central Pasco.

 Daniel St. Amant, now 19, also is    charged with two counts of vehicular
homicide.



 Boy hit by empty car in fair condition

 DADE CITY - A 3-year-old Dade City boy who was pinned under a car on    Tuesday
was in fair condition Wednesday at All Children's Hospital in    St. Petersburg,
according to a hospital representative. Peter Jasso was    playing with some
rocks outside his Polk Avenue home Tuesday when an    unattended car parked next
door rolled over him, a Pasco sheriff's    report said. The hospital
representative said the boy was being moved    Wednesday from the surgical care
unit to a regular room.



 Pediatrics expansion raises questions

 TAMPA - A proposal to modernize and enlarge the pediatrics department    at
Tampa General Hospital won't be presented for another month, but the    plan
already has raised eyebrows at a competing hospital. The reason?

 Lobbying and legal action by Tampa General led St. Joseph's Hospital in    1988
to abandon plans for a private, free-standing pediatric facility    called Tampa
Children's Hospital. After the private plans collapsed,    St. Joseph's
immediately commenced its own two-year plan to upgrade its    pediatric care by
spending $ 3.7-million on a 69-bed facility. Now, St.    Joseph's officials are
expressing the kind of skepticism - about too    much competition for children's
health care - that Tampa General    complained about a year ago. "Given the
opposition to Tampa Children's    Hospital and the fact that we're already a
year into our plans, we    would have to question what they're going to provide
the community that    we're not already providing," said St. Joseph's spokesman
Micki Gerry.

 Tampa General vice president of corporate planning Jim Bare said plans    call
for complete renovation of a floor at the hospital at a cost of at    least $
2.5-million. Bare said the facility, a "hospital within a    hospital," would
include as many as 100 beds.



 Vegetable stand defended against Exxon

 BRANDON - One of the biggest battles in Brandon these days has pitted    the
lovers of jumbo-boiled peanuts, fresh strawberries and the "best    tomatoes in
town" against the oil giant Exxon. John's Fresh Produce, a    husband-wife fruit
and vegetable stand for years has sold produce at    the southeast corner of
Kings and Bloomingdale avenues. John and Teri    Lubotsky had worked out an
arrangement with a Texaco dealer to rent a    small portion of the lot when it
was a Texaco gas station. But now,    Exxon has made plans to lease the
property. The Lubotskys have been    asked to leave. "You caused enough trouble
in Alaska," one resident    wrote on a petition, referring to Exxon's massive
oil spill there.    "Don't mess with our town." More than a thousand customers
signed              petitions supporting the vegetable stand.



 Shirts, shoes not required for bus riders

 CLEARWATER - Pinellas County bus officials scrapped a proposed fare    increase
Tuesday and actually lowered the prices they charge social    service agencies.
Members of the Pinellas Suncoast Transit Authority    (PSTA) board of directors
rejected the proposal because they feared    higher fares would translate to
fewer passengers on a system already    reeling from plummeting ridership. The
board also decided against    adopting a policy that would require riders to
wear shoes and shirts on    the bus.

 - Compiled by DAIL WILLIS from staff, wire reports

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; George Lewis

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 July 15, 1998, Wednesday, 2 Late Tampa Edition

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; HILLSBOROUGH OBITUARIES; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 1794 words



BARNES, REBECCA J., 85, of Brandon, died Tuesday (July 14, 1998) at  Integrated
Health Services, Brandon. Born in Oldham, Ky., she moved to the  Tampa area in
1991 from West Palm Beach. She was a homemaker and a Protestant.  Survivors
include a son, Robert M. Stalker, Brandon; and two grandchildren.  Stowers
Funeral Home, Brandon.

+ + +

   BAUM, GRACE A., 90, Tampa, died Tuesday (July 14, 1998) under the care of
LifePath Hospice. Born in North Branch, N.Y., she was a homemaker and a
Lutheran. Survivors include a son, Roger W., Tampa; a sister, Arlene
Stephenson, San Antonio, Fla.; three grandchildren; and four
great-grandchildren. Blount, Curry & Roel Funeral Homes & Cemeteries, Armenia
Chapel, Tampa.

+ + +

   BOZEMAN, DESTINY MICHELLE, infant daughter of Dewanna Bozeman, Plant City,
died Sunday (July 12, 1998) at St. Joseph's Women's Hospital. In addition to
her mother, survivors include her maternal grandparents, James Pippin,
Mulberry, and Teresa Benirez, Plant City. Wells Memorial Funeral Home, Plant
City.

+ + +

   COBB, KATHRYN ANNE, 71, of Valrico, died Monday (July 13, 1998) in Lithia.
Born in Petros, Tenn., she moved to the Tampa area in 1964 from Chattanooga,
Tenn. She was a teacher's aide for Yates Elementary School for 18 years and a
member of Kings Avenue Baptist Church. Survivors include her husband, William
S.; three daughters, Karen Macaluso, Temple Terrace, Sharen Hunziker,
Riverview, and Becky Bright, Brandon; a brother, Gerald H. Kelley, Atlanta;  and
five grandchildren. Stowers Funeral Home, Brandon.

+ + +

   CROTTS, BILLY H., 65, of Ruskin, formerly of St. Petersburg, died Saturday
(July 11, 1998) at the VA Medical Center at Bay Pines. Born in Lexington,  N.C.,
he moved to St. Petersburg in 1979 from Charleston, S.C., and moved to  Ruskin
four years ago. He owned and operated Kare Management Inc., St.  Petersburg, and
was a retired real estate broker. He was a Protestant and  served in the Air
Force during the Korean War. He was a member of the Lions  Club, South Carolina,
and an officer in the Elks Club. He was a graduate of  Catawba College,
Salisbury, N.C. Survivors include his wife, Gail; three sons,  Michael,
Charleston, Robert, St. Petersburg, and Dale, Florida; a daughter,  Carmen
Harbour, St. Petersburg; two brothers, Bob, Venice, Fla., and Daniel,
Lexington; a sister, Carolyn Finegold, Lexington; and six grandchildren. E.
James Reese Funeral Home & Crematory, Seminole.

+ + +

   CUMES, EUGENE, 78, of Sun City Center, died Thursday (July 9, 1998) at home
under the care of LifePath Hospice. Born in South Africa, she moved to Sun  City
Center 20 years ago from Miami. She was a psychologist. Survivors include  her
companion, Leroy Lepinske. Zipperer's Agape Mortuary & Crematory, Ruskin.

+ + +

   EILAND, JOHN C. "BUDDY" JR., 61, of Tampa, died Sunday (July 12, 1998) at
home. Born in Lake Wales, he moved to the Tampa area in 1947 from Brooksville.
He worked at Spinnaker Lounge. Survivors include a son, Rick, Murfreesboro,
Tenn.; his father, John C. Sr., two brothers, Wayne and Donnie, and two
sisters, Shirley Ruhmel and Dorothy Mobley, all of Tampa. Swilley Funeral  Home,
Tampa.

+ + +

   FENNELL, CHESTER C., 84, of Riverview, died Saturday (July 11, 1998) in
Brandon. Born in Forest, Ark., he moved to the Tampa area in 1975 from
Virginia. He was a Navy medical service corps captain and a Presbyterian. He
was a member of the Retired Officer's Club. Survivors include his wife, Jean;
three sons, Chester Jr., Mount Laurel, N.J., Patrick, Raleigh, N.C., and
Timothy, Riverview; two daughters, Linda Fischer, Riverview, and Susan Bright,
Erwinna, Pa.; a sister, Nola Plott, Rogers, Ark.; eight grandchildren; and two
great-grandchildren. Blount, Curry & Roel Funeral Homes & Cemeteries, Garden  of
Memories Chapel, Tampa.

+ + +

   GRANT, ICIE C., 93, of Tampa, died Saturday (July 11, 1998) at Fairway Oak
Center. Born in Hartwell, Ga., she moved to the Tampa area 61 years ago. She
was a homemaker and a Baptist. Survivors include two sons, Donald Freeman,
Tampa, and Grady Freeman, Zephyrhills; nine grandchildren; 17
great-grandchildren; and seven great-great-grandchildren. Hillsboro Memorial
Funeral Home, Brandon.

+ + +

   HARGROVE, BILLY DEAN, 67, of Tampa, formerly of Oldsmar, died Tuesday (July
14, 1998) at home. Born in Elk City, Okla., he moved to Oldsmar in 1974 from
Bennington, Vt., and moved to Tampa in 1984. He was a horse trainer for public
stables and served in the Air Force during the Korean War. He was a member of
Florida Thoroughbred Breeders Association, United Thoroughbred Trainers of
America and Florida Horsemen's Benevolent Protective Association. Survivors
include his wife, Anna M.; two sons, Michael, Wichita, Kan., and J. Dan,
Howell, Mich.; a stepson, John Heap, Yuma, Ariz.; two daughters, Kathy Henry,
Louisville, Ky., and Tana Smith, Sayre, Okla.; a stepdaughter, Carrie Lee
Johnston, Tampa; three brothers, Gene, Sayre, and Jim and Jerry, both of Elk
City; a sister, Lois Spires, Elk City; six grandchildren; two
stepgrandchildren; and two great-grandchildren. Holloway Funeral Home,  Oldsmar.



+ + +

   HURLEY, BERNICE N., 78, of Tampa, died Monday (July 13, 1998) in Tampa.  Born
in Spencer, Mass., she moved to the Tampa area in 1970 from Milford,  Conn. She
was a machine operator for Guage Manufacturer and a member of Corpus  Christi
Catholic Church. Survivors include two sons, Robert J., Tampa, and  Patrick D.,
Zephyrhills; a daughter, Brenda Caterson, Thonotosassa; three  brothers, Richard
Brown, Donald Brown and Ronald Brown, all of North  Brookfield, Mass.; three
sisters, Shirley Birchard and Gloria McKessick, both  of New Port Richey, and
Clara Cavanaugh, Massachusetts; a grandchild; and four  great-grandchildren.
Blount, Curry & Roel Funeral Homes & Cemeteries, Garden  of Memories Chapel,
Tampa.

+ + +

   JOHNSON, LEON FRANKLIN, 70, of Plant City, died Monday (July 13, 1998) at
home. Born in Coffee, Ala., he moved to the Tampa area in 1947 from  Montgomery,
Ala. He was a welder for Milwright and a member of Turkey Creek  First Baptist
Church. Survivors include his wife, Hellen; a son, Larry F.,  Plant City; two
daughters, Diane Williamson, Plant City, and Marsha  Hutchinson, Lakeland; two
brothers, Edgar, Dade City, and Bill, Opp, Ala.,  seven grandchildren; and three
great-grandchildren. Wells Memorial Funeral  Home, Plant City.

+ + +

LINDEN, PHYLLIS L. "KIKI," 58, of Brandon, died Sunday (July 12, 1998) in
Brandon from injuries sustained in an auto accident. Born in Far Rockaway,
N.Y., she was the retired owner of Noble Data Systems Secretarial Services.  She
was also employed with AAA Communications. Survivors include her mother,  Mae
Noble Linden, Atlanta; a daughter, Elli Mulvaney, Yorkville, Ill.; two  sons,
Mark Boyar, Far Rockaway, and Ron Boyar, Brandon; a brother, David,  Houston;
three sisters, Debbie Nelson, Bari Linden and Janice Linden, all of  Atlanta;
and seven grandchildren. Stowers Funeral Home, Brandon.

+ + +

   NUNEZ, MONSERRATE, 91, of Tampa, died Sunday (July 12, 1998) at Delta  Health
Care. Born in Puerto Rico, she moved to the Tampa area five months ago  from New
York. She was a homemaker and a Catholic. Survivors include her  husband,
Cristbao. Hillsboro Memorial Funeral Home, Brandon.

+ + +

   REDMOND, MOLLIE ELIZABETH, 84, of Tampa, died Saturday (July 11, 1998) at
Town 'N Country Hospital. Born in Demopolis, Ala., she was a longtime resident
and a waitress at Webb City Drug Store, St. Petersburg. She was a Catholic and
a member of the Veterans of Foreign War Auxiliary. Survivors include four
cousins, Sam A. Davis, Tampa, Verlie Stanley, Panama City, Fla., Ruby Nell
Smith, Arkansas, and Sarah Lou Herring, Marietta, Ga. Swilley Funeral Home,
Tampa.

+ + +

   SHEPHERD, BETTY R., 63, of Plant City, died Monday (July 13, 1998) at South
Florida Baptist Hospital. Born in Greenville, S.C., she moved to the Tampa  area
in 1954. She was a homemaker and a member of Bethany Baptist Church,  Plant
City. Survivors include her husband, Olin; two daughters, Kathy Darlene
Shepherd and Billie Marlene Boston, both of Plant City; a brother, Frank
Gregory Jr., Greenville; two sisters, Ada Nelson, Greenville, and Lois  Duddley,
Crystal River; and two grandchildren. Wells Memorial Funeral Home,  Plant City.


+ + +

   SLOAN, JOHNNIE BELL, 85, of Tampa, died Monday (July 13, 1998) at Delta
Health Care Center under the care of LifePath Hospice. Born in Dixon, Tenn.,  he
moved to the Tampa area in 1940. He was a cigar packer for Hav-A-Tampa and  a
member of Palm River Congregation of Jehovah's Witnesses. Survivors include
three sons, Walter T. and Gregory, both of Tampa, and Morgan Craft, Etowah,
N.C.; two daughters, Barbara Fowler, Tampa, and Jeanene Jensen, Valrico; a
brother, Darrell Hutchins, California; 19 grandchildren; 16
great-grandchildren; and eight great-great-grandchildren. Swilley Funeral  Home,
Tampa.

+ + +

   WALKER, WILLIAM FREDERICK, 75, of Sun City Center, died Sunday (July 12,
1998). Born in Defiance, Ohio, he moved to the Tampa area in 1965 from Mt.
Vernon, Ind. He was a retired technical sergeant who served  in the Air Force
for 20 years and served during World War II and the Korean War. He was a  member
of Veterans of Foreign War Post 6287 and Ruskin United Methodist  Church.
Survivors include his wife, Eleanor; a son, William Douglas, Apollo  Beach; two
stepsons, James Clements, Bridgeton, N.J., and Russell Clements,  Chesapeake,
Va.; a daughter, Kathern Renee Gausche, Apollo Beach; three  stepdaughters,
Mildred C. Wise, Plainfield, N.Y., Kathleen MaGee, Benton,  Ark., and Amy
Weiderer, Tampa; two sisters, Mary Kay Walker, Springfield, Mo.,  and Betty Jean
Hatch, Utah; 11 grandchildren; and six great-grandchildren.  Hillsboro Memorial
Funeral Home, Brandon.

+ + +

   YOUNG, SAM, 82, of Tampa, died Thursday (July 9, 1998) at Vencor Hospital
from injuries sustained in an auto accident. Born in Corbin, Ky., he moved to
Tampa in 1978 from Michigan. He was a self-employed vendor. Survivors include
three daughters, Catherine Casper, Tampa, Morina Rice and Lorraine Compton,
both of Gainesboro, Tenn.; a sister, Emma Fox, Hamilton, Ohio; and six
grandchildren. Mark III Funeral Home, South Tampa Chapel.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA & STATE

TYPE: OBITUARY

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    November 30, 1992, Monday, City Edition

Who's news

BYLINE: SUSAN CLARY

SECTION: COMMUNITY TIMES; BUSINESS DIGEST:; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1095 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



The Tampa Convention Center has announced the addition of three employees in
marketing and event services. Heidi E. Klinker has been hired as an account
executive. Previously, she was with the Radisson Bay Harbor Inn as conference
coordinator. Vicente J. Lopez Jr. and Kimberly Thompson have joined as event
coordinators. Lopez worked for the city of Tampa's Recreation Department as
recreation leader, and Thompson was community outreach coordinator for the  Deaf
Service Center.

TAMPA - Consumer Credit Counseling Service has announced the addition of five
employees. Linda Grant Pichler and Juan Menendez will serve as intake
counselors. William Potter has been named community education coordinator. Joe
Pate will work in client support, and Kristal Mickler will work in data entry.
Consumer Credit Counseling Service, a non-profit agency, provides confidential
budget and credit assistance free of charge.

TAMPA - Martha Kotek, customer service representative for Paragon Cable in
Hillsborough County, was awarded the 1992 "5 Star" award of excellence.
Sponsored by the Tampa Bay Area Chapter of Women in Cable, the award  recognizes
one person in the state for master performance in his/her job as a  customer
service professional. Kotek was presented with the award at the  Florida Cable
Television Association's annual convention in Palm Beach.

TAMPA - Laura Rummel has been hired as art director for Marketech Business
Marketing Communications. Rummel previously served as art director for AAA  Auto
Club South, AGI Graphic Services and Zink Media Group, an Orlando-based
magazine publisher. She graduated magna cum laude from the University of South
Florida. She also attended Parson's School of Design. Marketech provides
marketing consultation, advertising graphics and public relations services.

TAMPA - Stuart Markman, of Kynes & Markman, P.A., has been appointed chairman
of the appellate practice section of the Hillsborough County Bar Association.
Kynes & Markman specializes in the areas of appellate practice and
investigation, trial and appeal of criminal cases in federal and state courts.

TAMPA - Trenam, Simmons, Kemker, Scharf, Barkin, Frye & O'Neill has elected
three new shareholders: Karen E. Lewis, R. Dennis Tweed and J. Cary Ross Jr.
Lewis, an honors graduate of Stetson University College of Law, joined the  firm
in 1985. She practices in the areas of tax law, estate planning and trust
administration and family law. Tweed graduated from the University of Florida
College of Law with honors in 1982. He practices in employee benefits and tax
law. Ross earned his law degree at the University of Florida in 1983. He
practices in securities and business law.

Pedro Bajo Jr. has joined the law firm of Stagg, Hardy, Ferguson, Murnaghan &
Matthews, P.A. as an associate. Bajo received his bachelor of business
administration from Southern Methodist University in 1988 and a law degree  from
Florida State University College of Law this year. At FSU, he was a  member of
the Law Review, Student Bar Association and Phl Alpha Delta national  legal
fraternity.

TAMPA - The law firm of Watkins & Principe, P.A. has hired Cindy L. Turner as
an associate. Watkins & Principe practices primarily in the field of
bankruptcy.

TAMPA - FleischmanGarcia Architects and Interior Designers has announced that
W. Paul Bauman has rejoined the firm to assist Sol J. Fleischman in design.

Briefly

TAMPA - Old Hyde Park Village is home to the new Marcus Animation Gallery. The
Limited Edition "Cel" is a recreation of a cartoon depicting a favorite
character in a classic pose. The cels are signed and numbered by the animation
artist. Both production and limited edition cels are hand painted and are
original works of art. Owners Jeff and Jo Ann Marcus also own stores in  Coconut
Grove in Miami, Boca Raton and West Palm Beach. Marcus Animation  Gallery offers
the work of creators including Warner Brothers, Universal  Studios, Disney,
Hanna-Barbera and Walter Lantz.

TAMPA - The United Service Association for Health Care Foundation has donated  $
10,000 to Camp Hopetake Children's Burn Camp. Tampa General Hospital was
awarded the grant to help cover the costs of an educational and recreational
weekend camp for 17 children between the ages of 4 and 14 sponsored by the
hospital's Tampa Bay Regional Burn Center.

TAMPA - Vintage Homes has opened a model-home center in Wellington, the newest
village in Tampa Palms. The floor plan of the two-story home include four
bedrooms, 2 1/2 baths and a two-car garage. Prices start in the low $ 130,000s
with many bordering ponds and nature preserves. Tampa Palms is on Bruce B.
Downs Boulevard. For information or to tour the model center, call 971-0825.

TAMPA - The American Lung Association has started its annual Christmas Seals
campaign. The seals are mailed to residents all over the bay area for use on
holiday cards. Money raised is used for programs to prevent and cure lung
cancer. By donating, children with asthma may have the opportunity to attend a
special camp in Orlando. High school students can become involved in a program
where they teach elementary school children the hazards of smoking, or the
money may be used for the association's flu information campaign. If you did
not receive your free Christmas seals by mail, call the American Lung
Association at (800) 771-5863. For 223-4462.

TAMPA - Centurion Hospital of Carrollwood has acquired a new state-of-the-art
X-ray film/screen system. Ultra-Vision provides high quality X-ray images with
very low radiation exposure to patients. The new film improves the visibility
of image detail up to 40 percent, enhancing diagnostic accuracy. Ultra-Vision
currently is being used for all general diagnostic applications including:
orthopedic, gastrointestinal and chest imaging. Du Pont introduced the system
in December 1991.

TAMPA - Michel and Ray Embry, two brothers from south Tampa, have opened an  ice
cream shop in Britton Plaza. Frostimon, which opened in October, features
locally made ice cream, hot dogs, frozen yogurt and sorbet. Hot dogs can
include picadillo, a well-known Spanish hamburger mixture. Side orders of
potato salad and cole slaw are also available. Located at 3802 S Dale Mabry
Highway, it's open 11 a.m. to 9 p.m. Monday through Saturday and noon to 6  p.m.
Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: COMMUNITY TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (3); Kimberly Thompson; Vincente J. Lopez Jr.;
Heidi E. Klinker

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 13, 1995, Friday, FINAL EDITION

ACROSS THE USA: NEWS FROM EVERY STATE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 2262 words

DATELINE: ALABAMA BUHL


About 30 volunteer firefighters armed with an assortment of shotguns and rifles
responded to a call that their fire chief's store was being robbed and helped
capture two of the three men wanted in the case. Arrested: Keron Lawson and
Leroy Davis, both 19. ALASKA
JUNEAU - In Defense of Animals members have flooded the capitol with letters
asking Gov. Jim Campbell to discontinue the state's wolf-kill program. Trouble
is, Tony Knowles is governor, having defeated Campbell Nov. 8. ARIZONA
PHOENIX - In an attempt to boost sales, the Arizona Lottery added Mondays and
Thursdays to its Fantasy 5 drawings. Drawings were every Tuesday and Friday.
Players can pocket $ 50,000 by picking the five winning numbers. ARKANSAS
MARIANNA - Teachers continued their strike after a judge refused to order them
back to work. The district's 2,275 students remain out of the classroom while
the school board decides whether to pay teachers for a two-day sickout they took
last week. CALIFORNIA
SANTA ANA - County supervisors sued Merrill Lynch & Co. for $ 2 billion in
damages, contending the brokerage sold the county unsuitable investments,
causing it to go bankrupt. Merrill Lynch says it warned ex-Treasurer Robert
Citron of the high risks of some of the county's investments. COLORADO
DENVER - The KKK canceled its rally, held annually to protest Martin Luther King
Day. Police say it's because of a lack of interest, noting the number of
participants has shrunk in recent years. CONNECTICUT
NEW HAVEN - First Congregational Church of Fair Haven has gone to court to evict
the Fair Haven Soup Kitchen, which feeds 100 people a day. The financially
strapped church says it needs to shut off utilities and vacate the site. The
kitchen has refused to leave, saying too many people depend on it and it has
been unable to find an alternative site. DELAWARE
WILMINGTON - The American Red Cross' state chapter is asking the for help in
raising $ 25,000 to refill its coffers depleted by an unusual number of recent
fires. The chapter has spent about $ 33,000 to help over 100 victims of 19
residential fires since early December. D.C.

Nine police officers were reassigned from their regular duties to provide
security for Mayor Marion Barry and his wife, Cora, as they stayed at a downtown
hotel, The Washington Post reported. A Barry spokesman says the mayor wasn't
aware of the reassignment. Police Chief Fred Thomas says he also was unaware of
the decision. FLORIDA
STUART - Inmate Michael Costello, 44, whose '72 lawsuit on behalf of 45,000
fellow inmates resulted in better health care and food services, has asked a
judge to prevent prison officials from force-feeding him while he's fasting. He
says he's being retaliated against for his '72 suit, which cost taxpayers $ 4
million. GEORGIA
ATLANTA - The federal government OK'd a $ 305 million grant to complete the
Atlanta rapid rail system's north line by 2000. The grant to the Metropolitan
Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority covers 80% of the $ 381 million project. HAWAII

WAILUKU - New liquor rules for Maui County eliminate noise limits, lift
restrictions on the number of liquor licenses in Lahaina and allow minors as
young as 16 to work in liquor establishments with the consent of parents. Mayor
Linda Crockett Lingle said she wanted the rules to be friendly to tourism. IDAHO

MOSCOW - University of Idaho electrical engineering chair David Egolf has mailed
letters to 800 graduates urging them to lobby board members before Jan. 26.
That's the date the board is to consider Boise State University's bid for an
engineering school. Egolf says if BSU gets the school both universities would
suffer. ILLINOIS
CAMBRIDGE - A Kewanee insurance agent pleaded guilty to breaking into 80 homes,
including those of friends, neighbors and business clients, in his hometown of
13,000. It took Henry County Circuit Judge Michael Brinn 1 1/2 hours to read all
the charges against Roger "Tank" Harlow, 47. INDIANA
INDIANAPOLIS - Corporate cutbacks reduced United Way donations and could force
some central Indiana non-profit agencies to scale back services, a United Way
official says. Indiana's largest United Way chapter notified 82 non-profit
groups that they'll get an average of 7.5% less this year. IOWA
DES MOINES - Nearly one in five Iowa children start school unprepared to learn,
says a new survey. The North Central Regional Educational Laboratory claims 22%
of the youth entering kindergarten start school "without sufficient support from
family and community." KANSAS

TOPEKA - Search efforts were stepped up for Jesse, ex-Gov. Joan Finney's calico
cat, which has refused to leave Cedar Crest, the governor's mansion. Jesse's
hiding has prevented Gov. Graves from moving his two dogs into the residence.
KENTUCKY
EDDYVILLE - The Kentucky State Penitentiary is preparing for its first
executions since '62. "It will be a stressful event, but I think I'm well
prepared for it," warden Philip Parker said. Decisions in the cases of two
murderers are expected any day from a federal appeals court. LOUISIANA
NEW ORLEANS - Demolition of the main building of the Rivergate convention center
is set to begin today. The Harrah's Jazz Co. got approval from the Legislature
in '92 for a casino. A temporary casino will open at the Municipal Auditorium
April 23. MAINE
AUGUSTA - Secretary of State Bill Diamond said his office certified 60,683
signatures - 6,400 more than needed - on petitions to force a November
referendum to exclude gay rights from the Maine Human Rights Act. Gov. King
plans to campaign against the measure. MARYLAND
BALTIMORE - Har Sinai, considered the nation's oldest Reform Jewish
congregation, is considering leaving after being offered $ 4 million for its
historic domed temple. Members are to vote Jan. 22 on the offer by Maimonides
Academy, a Jewish Orthodox day school. MASSACHUSETTS
BOSTON - Boston University President John Silber announced his successor: Jon
Westling, 52, BU's executive vice president and provost. However, Silber, 68,
refused to say when he plans to retire. MICHIGAN
GROSSE POINTE - The two public high schools are considering making students take
breath tests if they act rowdy or drunk at school functions. Some students shy
away from dances and other activities because of the kids who drink. MINNESOTA
FAIRMONT - Jailer Dennis Thate, accused of implying to two inmates that he
urinated in their milk, faces charges. He was suspended for 30 days after
admitting to making the statements. He has not admitted to actually urinating in
the prisoners' milk. MISSISSIPPI
JACKSON - Gov. Fordice had no authority to use his line item veto on bond bills
OK'd by the '93 Legislature, the state Supreme Court ruled, adding the veto can
be used only on appropriations bills. The ruling puts the bond bills - $ 65.8
million for colleges and $ 8 million for historic properties - into law.
MISSOURI
CAMDENTON - The state will seek the death penalty for Christopher Creed, 17,
charged in the slayings of two security guards. Fred Feuser Jr., 47, and William
Jensen, 23, were shot Dec. 7 after confronting two youths who had stolen a boat
on the Lake of the Ozarks. MONTANA
ULM - The Ulm Buffalo Jump would be a premier tourist attraction if the state
spends $ 1 million to develop it. The site is where Native Americans drove
buffalo herds over a cliff. NEBRASKA
NORTH PLATTE - A program to give battered women cellular phones for use in
emergencies is being set up. The phones have a single button that connects
directly with police. NEVADA
CARSON CITY - Gov. Miller won't include abolition of parole and "three strikes
and you're out" bills among his tough-on-crime measures he'll present to the '95
Legislature. Cited: Prison costs would skyrocket. NEW HAMPSHIRE
DOVER - AIDS patient Richard Cloutier, 30, has settled his suit against Delta
Air Lines stemming from an incident in which he told airplane personnel he had
the disease, then was taken off the plane because he had warts on his hands and
wrists. Delta did not admit fault. NEW JERSEY
BERNARDSVILLE - Eljat Feuer, 45, must stand trial for taking 110 nude photos of
his 6-year-old daughter, a judge ruled. Feuer had sought a dismissal of the
charges, claiming the photos weren't pornography but a project for art class.
NEW MEXICO
SANTA FE - A $ 1 million federal grant will enable the state to vastly improve
its computerized network for criminal records, officials say. Starting July 1,
the state will have access to criminal-record networks in the Southwest, the
Rockies, the West Coast and South. NEW YORK
WHITE PLAINS - Richard Herrin, 40, was released after serving 17 years in prison
for bludgeoning to death his girlfriend, Bonnie Garland, in her Scarsdale home
in '77. Officials said they had to release him because he served two-thirds of
his sentence without blemish. NORTH CAROLINA

FAYETTEVILLE - Marian Gaynor belted out You've Got Five Minutes to Tell Me What
I Need to Hear to prove to a judge she was a country singer and had taken throat
drops to soothe her throat after a lengthy recording session. Her sentence was
suspended. She had been charged with drunken driving. Gaynor said the drops
contained 5% alcohol. NORTH DAKOTA
BISMARCK - Lawmakers are considering a bill that calls for hiring 130 nurses to
serve public schools. Currently, teachers and secretaries are administering
prescription medicine to students, sponsor state Sen. Larry Robinson says. OHIO
COLUMBUS - Gov. Voinovich announced his appointment of the state's first
director of minority affairs at a Martin Luther King Jr. birthday celebration.
Melanie Mitchell is a former official of the Office of Equal Opportunity.
OKLAHOMA
OKLAHOMA CITY - 684 people died in traffic-related accidents in '94. Trends show
a decline in fatal accidents in rural counties, officials say. Three counties -
Greer, Harmon and Roger Mills - had no fatalities in '94. OREGON
PORTLAND - Portland Int'l. Airport plans to build another terminal. The North
Terminal, the last new section, opened three months ago. Studies predict 18
million passengers will use the airport by 2001; last year there were 10
million. PENNSYLVANIA
PHILADELPHIA - Plainclothes police officer Adrienne Cureton was beaten by fellow
officers while on call despite identifying herself, The Philadelphia Daily News
reported. Cureton, who is black, says the incident was racial. RHODE ISLAND
PROVIDENCE - State lawmakers say they'll quickly introduce legislation to fix an
anti-stalking law ruled unconstitutional by Superior Court Judge Thomas Needham.
The law's wording is ambiguous, Needham ruled. SOUTH CAROLINA
COLUMBIA - State Sen. Theo Mitchell, serving time in a federal prison, said
he'll decide this weekend on whether to resign from the Legislature, lawmakers
said. More than two-thirds of the Senate supports expulsion if Mitchell won't
step down. He was convicted for failing to report $ 154,000 to the IRS. SOUTH
DAKOTA
RAPID CITY - The Common Council rejected the idea of electric fences to keep
nuisance deer out of private yards, saying they would pose a fire hazard. The
city has an estimated 1,500 wild deer within its limits. TENNESSEE
NASHVILLE - Officials hope to change the city's beer law so alcohol can be
served at the new 20,000-seat arena that sits next to a Baptist church. Current
law bans the sale of alcohol within 100 feet of churches and schools. TEXAS
DALLAS - County Commissioner John Price is serving 75 days in jail for a '90
misdemeanor mischief charge. He painted over billboards advertising cigarettes
and liquor in poor neighborhoods. He'll be allowed to leave jail on Tuesday to
attend Commissioners Court meetings. UTAH
SALT LAKE CITY - Mormon Church President Howard Hunter, 87, was in fair
condition after being hospitalized for testing after showing signs of
exhaustion, officials said. He was briefly hospitalized last month. VERMONT
MONTPELIER - The state's three largest pension funds are safe from the
devastation suffered by Orange County, Calif., which lost more than $ 2 billion
with risky investments, a report found. Of $ 1.1 billion in retirement funds,
all but a $ 5,000 investment were well within guidelines set by oversight
boards. VIRGINIA
VIRGINIA BEACH - Tax officials are hustling to replace 26,000 state income tax
booklets that ended up at a trash transfer station, mixed in with garbage
Friday. The tax forms were in mail crates sitting next to scrap cardboard that
city workers were told to haul away. WASHINGTON
SEATTLE - A warehouse fire that killed four firefighters was deliberately set,
the Seattle Post-Intelligencer reported. Fire officials described the Jan. 5
fire as suspicious, possibly arson. WEST VIRGINIA
ST. ALBANS - A driver whose car was struck by a train was in critical condition.
Three others also were hurt, Kanawha County authorities said. Cacoe Sullivan,
21, of St. Albans, apparently failed to heed blinking lights and a lowered
crossing arm signaling the train, a police dispatcher said. WISCONSIN
MADISON - A massive new prison-building program is needed to meet mushrooming
state inmate populations, state Corrections Secretary Michael Sullivan says.
Cited: The number of inmates tops 10,000, about 40% over capacity. WYOMING
CHEYENNE - Delays in federal checks of fingerprints are slowing the process to
issue concealed-weapons permits, authorities say. State law requires permits be
issued within 90 days of when the application is made. But it's taking longer
than that to do fingerprint, background and other checks, officials said.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Across the USA

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     June 12, 2004 Saturday FINAL C Edition

What the voters are saying: SNAPSHOTS I The Sun asked 24 eligible voters to tell
us in a few words what they saw as the issues and what they thought of the
candidates, their parties and their campaigns

SOURCE: Vancouver Sun

BYLINE: Compiled by Ayesha Bhatty and Ai Lin Choo

SECTION: Decision Canada; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 2499 words

1) Eyad Alnuweiri

High-tech professional

Vancouver

I believe we are heading for a minority government. The alliance most likely to
develop between Liberals, NDP and Greens may advocate better and broader
addressing of issues both domestically and internationally -- from the economy,
social services, civil and minority rights to Canada's stand on the war and
occupation, human rights and international legitimacy. Harper and Co.'s open
support to the war is alarming and should be addressed. It is a question of
which Canada we want to put on the map of the world.

2) Janet Amsden

Elementary school teacher

Maple Ridge

I'm worried about the Conservatives because I care about medicare and I'm
willing to pay for it.

Stephen Harper's ads look good, but promises of tax cuts don't work for me.
Gordon Campbell's Liberals' tax cuts didn't save me any money personally and
they've made my job frustrating. I'm making more lunches for kids and searching
out private tutors for those whose parents can pay.

I hope people realize that tax cuts will hurt our health care system. Medicare
is more than security for me; it gives me great pride as a Canadian. It is the
actualization of human rights.

3) Amir Ansari

Bakery owner

North Vancouver

Having the Persian community as the majority in North Vancouver, we need a
Persian representative that would be able to reserve our rights as
Persian-Canadian citizens. Unfortunately that necessity became only a wish after
Max Zahedis' supporters (Conservative party) have been deliberately deleted from
the list of voters. That disappointment for our community revealed the fact that
some racist parties or people are going to make the life for immigrants so
difficult that these people may want to go back to their countries.

4) Janet Baillies

Nurse

Abbotsford

In this election, all parties are promising additional dollars to improve our
health care system. The assumption is that more money provides better health
care services. There is no doubt that over the past few years, with reduced
transfer payments to the provinces, our health care system has taken a hit.
However, how do we know that additional funds will result in improvements in
health care delivery or will we in four years have more promises of more dollars
to fix our system? Whichever party is elected should be expected to show clearly
that increasing funding for health care results in improvement in services.

5) Squire Barnes

Sportscaster

New Westminster

Nothing anyone's said or promised has made much of an impact on me so far. Every
time I see Paul Martin it looks like the campaign's burning him out. Quite
frankly, when you're a multi-millionaire and in your 60s why do you feel the
need to nail down a second job? Jack Layton looks like a nice guy, someone you'd
want as your neighbour, but Canada only likes the NDP in small doses. He has no
chance. I'm unsure about Stephen Harper, although it's impressive he found a
stylist who can recreate JFK's 1960 haircut. By the way, can anyone name the
leader of the Green Party without looking it up?

6) David Caron

Entrepreneur

Kelowna

I cannot have any confidence in what I am hearing pertaining to the TV ads and
campaign promises.

There is no accountability. If I had run my business the way politicians have
run this country, I would have been on welfare long ago.

Even being a Conservative from Alberta, I think Martin is the best man for the
job. He and King Ralph [Klein] are the only men who did what needed to be done
fiscally, no matter how painful.

7) Vivian Chan

Software marketing manager

Burnaby

I don't have time to spend on researching and reading campaign documents. It
would be really useful to get from election candidates, parties and the media
the basic, core facts around their platform. We need short, bullet point
comparisons between parties on core issues with links to where voters can attain
more details. I feel overwhelmed with irrelevant information and redundancy in
election coverage.

8) Nicole Crouch

Single parent/student

Vancouver

A refreshing yet ignored development of this election is the growing strength of
the federal Green Party. It stretches its fingers across the country with a
candidate in each federal riding, but is not included in the June 14 and 15
televised debates. Have poll results eclipsed the laws of equal media coverage?
Moreover, many pundits present the debates as a race between only the Liberals
and the Conservatives. Stephen Harper's family values agenda is threatening and
Paul Martin's increasing ideological alignment with Washington is unnerving. The
NDP are being minimized and discounted.

9) Rahim Dadani

Home Hardware store owner

Delta

This election has been very dynamic: You have Paul Martin and the Liberals
introducing initiatives that will cost Canadians $27 billion over the next five
years. It seems like Mr. Martin pulls through on promises. Will he come through
this time?

Mr. Harper has been interesting. His party seems to preach social conservatism,
yet he has no problem with controversial issues such as abortion -- which he
says he is prepared to take to a referendum.

And finally Mr. Layton . . . him and his tax plans. Someone needs to give him a
reality check. But then again, he sure adds a bit of spice to this election!

10) Carl Ernst

PhD candidate, UBC department of neuroscience

Vancouver

I can't even consider voting for the Tories. Who can forget Grant Hill's (MD)
'medical evidence' that homosexuality is unhealthy or the CA's stance on the
Iraq war? Besides, things are tough enough as they are. Do we really need a
government waging a war on the poor, gays, or immigrants? I like the values of
the NDP and I do enjoy listening to spotlight-hungry Jack Layton bash the
Liberals, but I'm not convinced that such an inexperienced party is ready to
lead the country; even ol' Jack only has experience in municipal

politics.

11) June Francis

Associate business professor

Vancouver

As a business professor, immigrant and Christian my decision will have to
reconcile many conflicting interests. The Liberal party presents the most
convincing platform on fiscal issues. On soft issues such as health care and
human rights the parties' positions are less clear cut. I am particularly
suspicious of the Conservative party on issues such as immigration and human
rights. The party has yet to develop a credible platform and seems to be
providing a front for very disparate interests.

12) Florence Fung

Accountant

Burnaby

Since I became eligible to vote, I have entered my ballot in every election
held. I am surprised by the low turnout for young adults in the federal election
because of their lack of interest. This is our future. There are many people in
the world who have died just to have the privilege of being able to vote for
their country's government like Canadians do. Take the time to find out what you
want for your Canada. Many people whine and complain about the government's
policies, yet usually they are the ones who don't vote. As a result, they can
only blame themselves.

13) Chris Giacomantonio

President, Simon Fraser Student Society

Burnaby

Many Canadians struggle with the reality that our "democracy" is limited to
voting once every few years, with a choice between similar parties who then
govern the country with little accountability until the next election. This
democratic deficit exists in part because the same, privileged groups of people
get out to vote in every election, and the parties therefore cater primarily to
them. This election is important to me because I believe that students and
others who have been ignored by federal policy-makers have an opportunity to
mobilize around our interests, like increasing social spending and reversing tax
cuts that benefit only the rich.

14) Vas Gunaratna

Garment union manager

Burnaby

I cannot trust Paul Martin because of the issue with his ships sailing under
foreign flags and the sponsorship scandal. I don't understand why he made people
suffer until election time before coming up with monies for health care.

Stephen Harper's stance on the Iraq war scared the heck out of me and free trade
means we'll lose more jobs in the garment industry. I'm also worried that we'll
have an American-style health care system. I like the way Jack Layton talks
about dealing with the homeless and changing the tax structure. He's a straight
shooter, unlike Harper, and I

admire that.

15) Joe Keithley

Musician

Burnaby

The thing I hate about elections is that most of the time you have to hold your
nose and vote for the best of the worst.The problem is no party can or will even
try to live up to the promises they make during the campaign.

I also have a hard time finding a party that I agree with more than 50% of their
platform. Couple this with a bunch of uninformed, opportunistic candidates that
have to refer back to their party's handbook every time they are asked anything
the least bit complex . . . Well you get my drift!

The whole process can really suck.

But you know what, we are way ahead of many countries, at least we are allowed
to vote!

16) Duncan Low

Executive director, Vancouver East Cultural Centre

Vancouver

I have been disappointed by the Liberals' negativity. I feel like they're trying
to buy my vote with last-minute election promises. The funds which are available
for health care and education now, why have they not been available in the past?
I thought that sending cabinet ministers to heckle Stephen Harper was the low
point of the campaign. I was very impressed by Jack Layton's live appearance
from the library on CBC, and I thought he made a lot of good points. As someone
who works in the arts, I've been waiting for any candidate from any party to
raise arts and culture as a positive issue, and I'm still waiting.

17) Moshe Mastai

Realtor/Business Broker

Vancouver

B.C. is a fast-paced multi-cultural province where young people are feeling the
pressure to enter and succeed in the global economy.

Around us, there is a war -- terrorism, environmental destruction, high crime,
drug problems in the Downtown Eastside and more.

What issues, moral or social, are going to emerge as an important deciding issue
in this election? My advice is: get involved. We need to bring a strong Western
voice to the table in Ottawa.

The problem is the government. It is tragic to see the Liberal government gone,
but it's time for change. We need a new broom.

18) Karl Pires

Lawyer

Vancouver

Recent polls show Canadians want change, reflecting frustration with political
corruption and health care. But early in this election campaign, Conservative
(a.k.a. Reform) leader Stephen Harper has failed to demonstrate that he is
anything but a right-wing extremist with objectionable views on gay marriage,
abortion, bilingualism, immigration, the environment and the U.S. invasion of
Iraq. Consequently, I think polls will soon reveal a reversal in trends as
Canadians shift their focus from expressing discontent to assessing the party
leaders' morals.

19) Amina Rai

President, UBC student

government

Vancouver

I'm disillusioned by the election. I'm disappointed by the party leaders'
priorities -- or lack of them. Although mentioned in platforms, I have not seen
a genuine determination to commit to improving post-secondary education. I
believe that with health care, post-secondary education is at the forefront of
people's concerns, and political leaders must provide a viable plan to create an
accessible and affordable national post-secondary infrastructure. Leaders must
not campaign on simple answers to complex issues; rather, they must provide
workable solutions to complex problems, like the accessibility crisis in
post-secondary education.

20) Reg Stowell

Accountant

Kitimat

I predict that in the "Heartland", or I should say the "Hurtland", the seats
will all remain with the Conservatives and the number of voters will drop once
more.

Environment Minister David Anderson, whose hometown pumps raw sewage into the
ocean, has once more proven he neither knows nor cares about my part of the
province. His "instructions" to all Liberal candidates that the offshore oil and
gas moratorium will not be lifted, in spite of work being done by the minister
of natural resources, and before a couple of panels report to the federal
government will cost the Liberals votes outside Victoria (and with a little luck
will cost him his seat.)

21) Don Tough

Corporate development

Delta

At this stage of the race I am leaning towards the Conservative party. I find it
interesting that the federal Liberal Party has a genuine interest to suddenly
resolve health care funding issues since their actions of the past have proven
otherwise. Harper appears to demonstrate the greater leadership both prior to
and during the campaign, it will be interesting to see him on the defensive.

22) Sam Sullivan

City councillor

Vancouver

This election will give Vancouver voters a chance to observe the ward system up
close.

They will find the Federal ward system exaggerates regional differences and
creates a sense of alienation in minority wards. They will recall Shawinigate
and other examples of decisions based not on what makes sense but rather whose
ward it is in.

They will note the amount of tax money spent on political staff and the
resulting politicization of the civil service. They will ask themselves if they
really think their federal ward representative is really accountable to them.
Then they will wonder if they really want this system in Vancouver.

23) Kate Tucker

Researcher, B.C. Institute for Co-operative Studies

Victoria

While I plan on voting, I can imagine not bothering. Why? Because the parties I
am likely to vote for don't have a chance of winning in our current electoral
system and the guys who do have a chance are talking to us about corporate cuts,
military expenditure and pension plans, although maybe "third time lucky" with
the Liberal child care proposal. As for voting strategically to get the lesser
of two evils, well, that seems a poor excuse for democracy. Proportional
representation might go a long way in reversing those declining voter numbers
and avoid embarrassing situations like the one in which we find ourselves
provincially today.

24) Jerome Yau

Filmmaker

Vancouver

Whether it is abortion, capital punishment or same-sex marriage, Stephen Harper
has made clear his party is anything but progressive. Let us not suffer
illusions of moderate conservatism by the new Conservative party.

Three Supreme Courts have ruled banning same-sex marriage is unconstitutional.
Harper has indicated that exercising the notwithstanding clause would be an
option under his rule. This would be a grave injustice to gays and lesbians.

Look at B.C., Ontario, and Quebec: same-sex marriage is now legal there and the
institution of marriage itself has not fallen. So what's the big deal?

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Eyad Alnuweiri; Color Photo: Janet Amsden; Color Photo:
Amir Ansari; Color Photo: Janet Baillies; Color Photo: Squire Barnes; Color
Photo: David Caron; Color Photo: Vivian Chan; Color Photo: Nicole Crouch; Color
Photo: Rahim Dadani; Color Photo: Carl Ernst; Color Photo: June Francis; Color
Photo: Florence Fung; Color Photo: Chris Giacomantonio; Color Photo: Vas
Gunaratna; Color Photo: Joe Keithley; Color Photo: Duncan Low; Color Photo:
Moshe Mastai; Color Photo: Karl Pires; Color Photo: Amina Rai; Color Photo: Reg
Stowell; Color Photo: Don Tough; Color Photo: Sam Sullivan; Color Photo: Kate
Tucker; Color Photo: Jerome Yau

TYPE: Opinion

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2014 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                               November 22, 2014

                   FOUR SEASONS HEALTH CARE (ENGLAND) LIMITED

                            SADDLE MEWS NURSING HOME
                                  GROVES ROAD
                                    DOUGLAS
                                Batley WF17 0EJ


TRADE ADDRESS: Wesley House Huddersfield Road Birstall, Batley WF17 0EJ

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
FAX: 01924-422514

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: FC016792

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: July 23, 1990
JURISDICTION/PLACE OF REGISTRATION

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  DELTA COMMERCIAL PROPERTY LP

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Mr Nicholas John Mitchell, Director
     ·    Graeme Willis, Finance Director


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    MRDOMINIC JUDEKAY


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: The management of nursing homes.
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Other   includes Limited Liability Partnerships::Other   includes
Limited Liability Partnerships::
COMPANY SIZE:  Small unquoted company filing only a modified balance sheet

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2007
FISCAL YEAR END: December 31

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  December 31, 2008
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Full Accounts
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  December 23, 2009
CREDIT LIMIT:  L

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/12/200 31/12/200 31/12/200
                                                   7         6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            4,090,000 3,354,000 2,510,000
Intangible Assets                            420,000   444,000   468,000
Total Fixed Assets                         4,510,000 3,798,000 2,978,000
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                    1,504,000 1,002,000 1,120,000
Cash                                          46,000         0   261,000
Miscellaneous Current Assets               43,468,00 43,349,00 32,158,00
                                                   0         0         0
Other Current Assets                       43,514,00 43,349,00 32,419,00
                                                   0         0         0
Total Current Assets                       45,018,00 44,351,00 33,539,00
                                                   0         0         0
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                    43,345,00 43,250,00 32,059,00
                                                   0         0         0
TOTAL ASSETS                               49,528,00 48,149,00 36,517,00
                                                   0         0         0



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/12/200 31/12/200 31/12/200
                                                   7         6         5
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                    397,000   325,000   330,000
Bank Overdraft                                     0    20,000   191,000
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities          42,947,00 41,979,00 31,398,00
                                                   0         0         0
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                      40,818,00 39,218,00 29,010,00
                                                   0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                  43,344,00 42,324,00 31,919,00
                                                   0         0         0
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0   208,000   160,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES                          43,344,00 42,532,00 32,079,00
                                                   0         0         0
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           347,000   347,000   347,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              5,837,000 5,270,000 4,091,000
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                          6,184,000 5,617,000 4,438,000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 6,184,000 5,825,000 4,598,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/12/200 31/12/200 31/12/200
                           7         6         5
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales        24,396,00 24,806,00 24,188,00
                           0         0         0
Cost of Sales      24,005,00 23,537,00 21,572,00
                           0         0         0
Gross Profit         391,000 1,269,000 2,616,000
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit        359,000 1,227,000 2,583,000
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   6,184,000 5,825,000 4,598,000
Net Worth          5,764,000 5,173,000 3,970,000
Working Capital    1,674,000 2,027,000 1,620,000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -     -2      1
Pretax                  -    -71    -86
Total Assets            -      3     36
Current Assets          -      2     34
Current                 -      2     36
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -      6     35
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 2,404 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2007)
SIC Code:
85110 Hospital activities



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                   0.13     6.97    24.00
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -0.15     4.77    14.87
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                             -0.01     7.31    19.22
Sales / Total Assets (%)                              37.73    67.59   158.77
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x       23.23     8.52     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.54     1.12     2.67
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  11,128.8 13,508.4 18,032.9
                                                          5        2        0
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                  20,597.5 26,723.6 37,139.4
                                                          6        1        9
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  60.40    52.71    46.22



CREDIT RATING
Year  0      Accounts
=                late
Year -1            63
=
Year -2            60
=
Year -3            57
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/12/200 31/12/200 31/12/200
                                                       7         6         5
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                5.81     21.06     56.18
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          0.72      2.55      7.07
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              5.81     21.84     58.20
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                           1.47      4.95     10.68
Sales / Total Assets (%)                           49.26     51.52     66.24
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                         6.86      8.17      6.70
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )     22.50     14.74     16.90
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                1.04      1.05      1.05
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                  1.04      1.05      1.05
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   0.12      0.12      0.12
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                 0.26      0.32      0.29
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 6,184,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: KPMG Audit LLC

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2014


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                               May 3, 2009 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

BUSINESS FLIERS FIND IT TOUGH TO GET HERE

BYLINE: Mark Belko, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 1813 words


For years, the KL Gates law firm routinely brought employees from its offices
throughout the world into Pittsburgh for firmwide management meetings that, by
extension, helped show off the city.

But for the past few years, the firm has held the meeting outside of New York
City and this year selected a location near Washington, D.C., for the gathering.
It wasn't for a change of scenery.

Rather, because of dramatic cutbacks in flights at Pittsburgh International
Airport, it was becoming too hard to get people into the city. Many were left at
the mercy of clogged and chaotic East Coast airports to make connections.

"We had some horror stories," KL Gates Chairman Peter Kalis said. "You work like
hell to recruit them into the firm, and then you subject them to the
Philadelphia airport and you get what you deserve."

Mr. Kalis and his colleagues are among local business travelers who are finding
that more and more, air travel from and to Pittsburgh is an ordeal akin to an
Indiana Jones adventure, thanks in large part to cutbacks by US Airways.

"There are major cities throughout this country which require a lot of
determination, ingenuity and Advil to travel to and return from," Mr. Kalis
said.

It wasn't always that way. Before the Sept, 11, 2001, terrorist attacks,
business travelers from Pittsburgh could easily reach virtually any major city
in the United States and three in Europe because of the presence of US Airways'
connecting hub.

Back then, there were more than 110 nonstop destinations in all. Nearly eight
years later, after the loss of the hub and what seems like a never-ending cycle
of reductions by US Airways, Pittsburgh is down to 38 such destinations.

That's fewer than comparably sized cities like Kansas City, Milwaukee, St.
Louis, Cleveland and Cincinnati, the latter four of which are still hubs for a
carrier.

Over the past eight years, Pittsburgh has lost nonstop service to cities such as
Seattle, Buffalo, Columbus, Harrisburg, Kansas City, Nashville, New Orleans,
Providence, San Diego and Toledo. Flights to Frankfurt, London and Paris have
been dropped, although the latter will resume in June.

Even for remaining nonstop flights, the frequency in many cases is nowhere near
what it used to be. Only one nonstop flight a day is available to Los Angeles
and San Francisco, both major West Coast destinations.

Connections and headaches

"The convenience of flying is gone in many ways," said Robert Lewis, chief
executive officer of Orbital Engineering and a former Allegheny County Airport
Authority board member.

In some ways, the US Airways retrenchment has been a boon for the region,
opening the door for low-cost carriers like Southwest Airlines and JetBlue to
enter the market and allowing another, AirTran Airways, to expand.

Ten years ago, local travelers complained about fares so high from Pittsburgh
International Airport that former Mayor Tom Murphy once drove to Cleveland to
catch a cheaper flight. Pittsburgh fares then were among the highest in the
country, thanks to the US Airways fortress hub.

Between 2000 and 2008, as US Airways slashed flights and other airlines stepped
in, Pittsburgh fares have fallen from an average of $430.42 to $327.34, or
nearly 24 percent -- one of the biggest drops in the country. Fares are now
below the national average.

"No major American airport has done a better job at lowering air fares than
Pittsburgh International Airport," said Kenneth J. Zapinski, senior vice
president of the transportation and infrastructure program at the Allegheny
Conference on Community Development.

For many business travelers, pocketbook gains are no match for headaches
associated with the loss of so many flights.

Longtime fliers accustomed to door-to-door service are finding they have to make
one or more stops along the way. A business trip that once could be done in a
day now requires at least an overnight stay, maybe more.

"It's really changed dramatically. It wasn't long ago that you could fly direct
from Pittsburgh to almost any other destination," said attorney Charles
Greenberg. "Now there's so few it makes the process of traveling for business
much more difficult and time consuming."

The Allegheny Conference has tried to maintain competitive air service from
Pittsburgh by having at least twice daily nonstop flights to the top 30 business
destinations it has identified through surveys. But Mr. Zapinski acknowledged it
has fallen short of that goal in eight of those markets.

"We're not anywhere close to hitting that on the domestic side," he said.

The loss of flights has affected businesses small and large. Not even UPMC, one
of the region's largest employers, is immune. Spokeswoman Susan Manko said the
health-care giant's researchers and physicians have felt the impact of the same
cuts, locally and industrywide, that have bedeviled so many others.

"They're still going [on trips] but it's more time consuming and inconvenient,"
she said. "The flights aren't offered at convenient times. More and more people
are driving rather than flying whenever they can, like to Washington, D.C."

Global links strained?

For business travelers, cutbacks mean more time in the air and at airports, and
more frequent connections, increasing chances of missed flights or other travel
delays.

Hours spent in airports waiting for the next flight also take away from time
businesspeople could be spending doing their jobs. BlackBerrys go only so far.

To Mr. Kalis, there's far more at stake than inconvenience, frustration and
higher stress levels. He sees the region falling behind competitively with each
cut in nonstop service.

"This has happened at the Pittsburgh airport at the same time during which many
Pittsburgh industries and businesses have consolidated and globalized. So you
can see the emerging paradox.

"In an age of globalization and consolidation in which Pittsburgh is well
positioned to participate, we are losing transportation capacity rather than
gaining it," he said.

Rightly or wrongly, the reductions help fuel the perception "of a city that is
in jeopardy of being de-linked from national and global economies through poor
air service." That perception can influence decisions about whether businesses
relocate here, whether young people attend the universities, whether more mature
people locate their careers here, he said.

"Much of what happens is beyond our control. Some is within our control. We have
to target that and make it happen," said Mr. Kalis, an Allegheny Conference
board member.

One point of contention for many local businesses has been the lack of nonstop
service to Europe, which US Airways dropped altogether in 2004. Since then,
transatlantic trips more often than not have entailed connections through
clogged airports in New York, Newark or Philadelphia, the latter a particular
source of pain.

"There are few things more frustrating than that," said Kent McElhattan,
chairman and CEO of Oakdale-based Industrial Scientific whose European
headquarters is about an hour from Paris. "That airport is just a miserable
airport."

Imperative service

At least in his case, help is on the way. Starting June 3, Delta launches
nonstop service between Pittsburgh and Paris.

Regional leaders saw the service as so imperative that they agreed to offer $9
million in potential subsidies over two years to supplement the flight if it
falls short of agreed-to revenue targets. For Mr. McElhattan, the new flight is
a godsend for his company, which makes as many as 200 round trips a year between
Pittsburgh and Paris.

"We want to support that flight. We're insisting that people who are coming from
France to Pittsburgh use that flight and that our people here use it to go
there. Of course, they're delighted to do so," he said.

Others see the flight as a litmus test that could help efforts to secure more
domestic and international nonstop service. But it also could have the opposite
effect if there isn't sufficient support.

"I think the most important thing the community can do to build traffic, expand
service, get more flights and destinations is for the new Delta flight to be a
success," Mr. Zapinski said. "The industry will look at that as a bellwether as
to whether the community can support expanded service."

Pittsburgh managed to stave off more losses last week when United Airlines
announced it would begin once daily nonstop service to Los Angeles and San
Francisco Sept. 2 to replace the same flights being cut by US Airways Aug. 18.
Mr. Zapinski said United's decision "shows the strength and vitality of the
Pittsburgh market" given that the airline has been cutting jets and capacity
systemwide.

He believes nonstop service is still good to big markets like New York, Chicago,
Philadelphia and Atlanta. Where business travel suffers, he said, is to
secondary markets like Providence, Richmond, Louisville, San Diego and Seattle.

Mr. Zapinski sees potential for that to change as the economy improves and
airlines, which have been cutting flights and seats, start to expand.

But Michael Boyd, a Colorado-based aviation consultant who has done work for
Pittsburgh International, considers that a long shot. He believes Pittsburgh
became a hub "by accident" because US Airways forerunner Allegheny Airlines got
its start here. He doesn't think the city is currently underserved.

"People at the airport are doing everything they can to improve it, but they
can't pull airplane rabbits out of their hats," he said.

One novel approach the county Airport Authority is taking to try to beef up
nonstop service and feed more traffic to the airlines is through the Pittsburgh
Connector project.

It's trying to persuade regional airline Cape Air to launch service between
Pittsburgh International and smaller cities in West Virginia, Ohio and
Pennsylvania, authority Executive Director Bradley D. Penrod said.

Talks are ongoing, but no commitments have been made. The authority also has
talked to Cape Air about adding nonstop service between Pittsburgh and
Harrisburg, a flight that was dropped by US Airways. Mr. Kalis described it as
"lunacy" that there is no nonstop service between those two cities.

"The passenger volume between Pittsburgh and Harrisburg is of some interest,"
Mr. Penrod said. "We've suggested that to them."

Mr. Kalis acknowledged that the airport, the conference and local politicians
were fighting to secure more nonstop service against the backdrop of some very
difficult industry trends.

"For Pittsburgh, the realistic hope is that we maintain nonstops to as many
commercial and financial centers as possible in the U.S. and that we pull out
all the stops to support the Delta European Gateway flights," he said.

For now, Mr. Kalis will keep the Advil handy. Others will cope the best they
can.

"You can live with these things. You can adapt to them," said Richard Grant, an
attorney who travels about every other week. "But I sure do wish we had a little
more service."

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Mark Belko can be reached at mbelko@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1262./

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Steve Mellon/Post-Gazette: For Kent McElhattan, chairman and CEO
of Oakdale-based Industrial Scientific, a new Delta flight direct from
Pittsburgh to Paris is a godsend. His company makes more than 200 round trips a
year to the European headquarters there.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 18, 1993, Sunday, Final Edition

S&P Expects Ratings Trend to Brighten

JAMES E. LEBHERZ

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE H11; PERSONAL INVESTING

LENGTH: 823 words


The names of companies whose credit was downgraded in the first quarter by
Standard & Poor's Corp., the credit rating agency, read like a Who's Who in
American industry. S&P lowered 155 corporate issues, affecting $ 259 billion of
debt, while raising the ratings on 91 issues, affecting $ 40 billion of debt.

The high-profile names involved catch your eye: International Business Machines
Corp., from AAA to AA-, affecting $ 9 billion of debt; Westinghouse Electric
Corp. and Westinghouse Credit Corp., from A- to BBB, $ 8 billion of debt;
American Express Co., from AA- to A, $ 4.7 billion; General Motors Corp. and
General Motors Acceptance Corp., from A- to BBB, $ 71 billion; Sears, Roebuck
and Co., from A to BBB, $ 8.7 billion; American Airlines Inc., from BBBto BBB-,
$ 1.7 billion; Delta Air Lines Inc., from BBB- to BB, $ 4.5 billion; United Air
Lines Inc., from BBB- to BB; Northwest Airlines Inc., from CCCto CCC, $ 200
million; Times Mirror Co., from AA- to A, $ 900 million; Boise Cascade Corp.,
from BBB- to BB, $ 1.8 billion; Commonwealth Edison Co., from BBBto BBB, $ 7.3
billion; plus other well-known utilities, such as Hawaiian Electric Co.,
Kentucky Utilities Co., Oklahoma Gas and Electric Co., Public Service on New
Mexico and Utah Power and Light.

S&P was quick to note that the downgrades of IBM, Westinghouse, Sears, GM and
all of the airlines resulted from credit reviews begun in the latter part of
1992, not from any adverse developments in the first quarter. S&P also said the
ratings trend was brighter for the rest of 1993, and that the relationship
between downgrades and upgrades would be much closer over the remaining three
quarters. This assumes that the economic recovery remains intact and doesn't
stall out later in the year.

Even in the first quarter, there were notable upgrades, such as Chrysler Corp.
and Chrysler Financial, whose $ 12.5 billion of debt was raised two notches,
from BB to BB. Cummins Engine Corp., Dr Pepper & Cos., Avon Products and Intel
Corp. were other well-known industrial names whose credit rating was bumped up.

Dropping from the the celestial realm of investment-grade debt, and thus known
as "fallen angels," were such companies as AMR Corp. (holding company for
American Airlines), Boise Cascade, Delta Air Lines and Public Service of New
Mexico.

One bright spot continued to be the commercial bank sector, where only one bank
was downgraded and eight upgraded. Chemical Banking Corp. was the best known
upgrade, followed by First Interstate Bancorp, NationsBank Corp. and Signet
Banking Corp.

In the international banking arena, many European and Japanese banks are
wrestling with problems, such as bad loans, that the United States endured in
the late 1980s and early '90s. Ratings were lowered on $ 48 billion of
international bank debt.

In the U.S. municipal finance sector, the changes were modest compared with what
they have been in recent years, largely due to a pickup in the economy. Although
the same familiar problems still plague the finances of state and local
governments -- such as Medicaid, education, corrections needs and infrastructure
-- state legislators are heartened by President Clinton's provisions to increase
federal grants to states by $ 20 billion in fiscal 1993. Some of these funds
could even find their way into the coffers of the locals.

Municipal downgrades topped the upgrades by 105 to 59. Dollarwise, $ 4.1 billion
of debt was lowered and $ 3.4 billion of debt was upgraded.

The largest sector affected was the general obligation area, where South
Carolina was dropped from AAA to AAon $ 800 million of bonds. South Carolina had
carried S&P's AAA rating since 1973. The downgrading reflected the state's
diminished financial position over recent years and its failure to fully address
long-term requirements to rectify the problems, S&P said.

San Francisco had its rating lowered from AA to AA- on $ 537 million of general
obligation debt. S&P said the downgrade occurred because of the city's "weakened
financial position combined with continuing financial pressures."

The health care sector also was hit hard, mostly due to the downgrading (from
Ato A-) of Industrial Indemnity Co.'s claims-paying ability and the collapse of
New Jersey's highly regulated rate system in 1992. The volume of downgrades
affected was $ 1.5 billion.

The bright side of the municipal market continues to be the upgrading of
municipal utility debt, especially electric revenue debt. The strength in the
public power sector results from lower operating and maintenance costs, limited
capital requirements and other factors that have produced an increase in rate
competitiveness and improvements in fiscal performance.

In other words, the plants and facilities are maturing after years of growth.
Newer plants are on line and performing well, and by and large the utilities are
not in a building phase. Stability has returned.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

          November 2, 2000, Thursday, Home Edition Candidates running
                         for offices in Clayton County.

Voters Guide: Candidates in the Nov. 7 general election provide background
information and answer questions

BYLINE: For the Journal-Constitution

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Clayton / Henry Extra; Pg. 4JI

LENGTH: 2785 words

Here are the brief biographies of candidates in contested races in your area,
along with their answers to questions relating to the office. The information
was provided by the candidates. Unopposed candidates are simply listed without
biographies or questions. The general election is Tuesday, Nov.  7.

CLAYTON COUNTY COMMISSION CHAIRMAN

Q: Federal regulators want county leaders to promise that over the next three
years they will share the cost of transportation projects in their counties and
promote building in clusters around high-traffic areas.

Would you abide by these conditions if elected?

Q: Do you favor the Georgia Regional Transportation Authority proposal to start
and operate a bus system for the county?

Q: The special use local option sales tax ends after the courthouse/jail complex
is finished. Do you favor asking voters to extend it for other special projects?
If so, what projects do you propose?

Crandle Bray (D) (I)
Age: 54
Residence: 11449 Tara Blvd., Lovejoy, GA 30250
Education: B.A., business; J.D
Profession: Lawyer
Political experience: Chief administrator --- three years; chairman --- eight
years
Personal: Married; wife, Cathy; two sons, Cliff and Caleb

A: I know there will be matching funds to receive federal dollars for
transportation projects. Thus, I will do all possible to receive as much federal
support as possible.

A: I favor a bus system for intra-county service which will interact with all of
metro Atlanta.

A: Transportation projects.


Richard Reagan (R)
Age: 56
Residence: 6450 Carolyn Court, Rex, 30273
Education: Two years junior college
Profession: Senior customer service representative, Delta Air Lines
Political experience: County commissioner, 1995-1999.
Personal: Single, one son, Ricky

A: No. Why cluster housing? What is wrong with green space, a first home with a
front and back yard?

A: No! It's illegal to use general fund monies to start a bus system.

A: Yes, for bus system, parks and senior citizen's centers.


CLAYTON COUNTY COMMISSION
DISTRICT 2
Virginia Burton Gray (D) (I) is the only nominated candidate.


CLAYTON COUNTY COMMISSION
DISTRICT 3
Gerald A. Matthews (D) (I)
Age: 58
Residence: 606 Hastings Way, Jonesboro, GA 30236
Education: Meriwether High School, Meriwether
Profession: Manager, municipal marketing, Waste Management of Atlanta
Political experience: Commission, 1984-1988, 1993-present
Personal: Married; wife, Janet; 3 children, Teresa, Jerry, Beverly. Memberships:
Jonesboro First Baptist; Southlake Kiwanis, Riverdale Masonic Lodge; Rainbow
House; ACCG Natural Resources Policy Committee

A: I realize that most federal grants for transportation projects require some
local match, which I support so long as they are reasonable.

A: I support the right of the people of Clayton County to voice their
preference.

A:I favor the establishing of projects by priority and funding those projects
with local option sales tax, rather than placing that burden on property owners.


Jim Tew (R)
Age: 52
E-mail address/Web site: jimtew@mindspring.com
Residence: 9120 Retreat Pass, Jonesboro, GA 30236
Education: Master's of public service, Western Kentucky; B.S., aeronautical
science, Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University.
Profession: Retired Fortune 100 sales and marketing executive; Clayton County
substitute teacher; financial consultant
Political experience: None
Personal: Married to Jane Tew, a health care industry executive; daughter,
Jennifer, preschool paraprofessional, 24, and son, Jeffrey, 20, rising junior in
political science at Appalachian State University; former Army pilot and
two-tour Vietnam veteran; past charter president of the largest Optimist Club
ever chartered in Florida; member of the American Legion and VFW

A: The plan requires Clayton to sign a blank check. District 3 would not be
served initially --- but would pay for it. Residents seem opposed to the plan,
while business groups favor it. The requested "promise" may not be legally
enforceable since it binds future elected officals.

A: I am disappointed that Clayton County has not developed its own
transportation system to date. The GRTA line initially ends at Southlake Mall
and the criminal justice complex --- which is at the northern end of the
district, thus providing no real service to my district.

A:If we can run the new justice complex without using that extra penny, it
should be expanded. As a substitute teacher, I know that our high schools are
bursting at the seams. We need to fund a quality land-use master plan.
Recreational facilities throughout the county need to be upgraded.


CLAYTON COUNTY SCHOOL BOARD
DISTRICT 2

Q: Do you favor a fair dismissal policy for teachers?

Q: Do you think the Board of Education should continue paying salary and
benefits to former
Superintendent Joe Hairston now that he has been hired to head the Baltimore
County schools? Why or why not?

Q: Besides classroom facilities and the reduction in the number
of paraprofessionals, what other reform issues do you think will create
challenges for the Clayton school system and how should they be addressed?

Nedra Ware (D) (I)
Age: 45
Residence: 8324 Creekridge Circle, Riverdale, GA 30296
Education: B.B.A., Clark College, master's at Atlanta University, doctoral
program at University of Sarasota
Profession: Classroom educator
Political experience: Elected to the Clayton County Board of Education in 1996
Personal: Mother of two

A: It is only fair to provide a reason for termination and an opportunity to
defend themselves against unfair charges.

A: Absolutely not! He has done nothing to deserve this money. It is a waste of
taxpayers' money.

A: The governor is bent on micromanaging the local school systems, and there is
less discretion on spending matters. The board will have to be ever vigilant
with taxpayers' money.

Lois Baines Hunter (write-in candidate)
Age: 46
Residence: 9605 Gatewood Drive, Jonesboro, GA 30236
Education: Educated in Atlanta public schools. Obtained degrees from Albany
State College, Atlanta Metropolitan and Emory University
Profession: Health information manager
Political experience: Worked actively under Councilman C.T. Martin in District
10 in Atlanta. Served as campaign manager. Ran for Commission District 3 in
Clayton County with 46 percent of vote
Personal: Single parent. Two adult children, educated in the Clayton County
school system. At present, son is finishing up pre-med at Morehouse College and
daughter is a graduating senior at Albany State University, looking to pursue a
law degree.

A: I will support any policy that is fair. Fair in the sense that there will be
due process. The local committee can then proceed.

A: If Joe Hairston has a contract with the school board, then the school board
is duty-bound to honor that contract.

A: Parental support system, appropriation of a budget to accommodate continuous
parental workshops. Resources available to teachers.

CLAYTON COUNTY SCHOOL BOARD
DISTRICT 3
Linda Crummy (D) (I)
Age: 45
E-mail address/Web site: lcrummy@earthlink.net
Residence: 6607 Meadowlark Drive, Riverdale, GA 30296
Education: B.B.A., elementary education, Mississippi State University
Profession: Classroom educator
Political experience: Elected to school board in 1996. Elected and re- elected
vice chairwoman in 1999 and 2000
Personal: Married to Terry Crummy, five children, United Methodist Church

A: Yes, I support fair dismissal. Anyone being terminated should be given a
chance to defend themselves.

A: No! He has done no consulting and does not deserve any money from Clayton
taxpayers. He has another superintendent's job in Maryland making $ 186,000 plus
benefits.

A: The governor is trying to micro-manage our schools. Schools will have less
discretionary money. We will have less money for paraprofessionals, and they are
much needed in our classroom.

Gail Hambrick
(write-in candidate)
Age: 50
Residence: 1656 Lauranceae Way, Riverdale 30296
Education: B.A., sociology; master's, guidance and counseling
Profession: Resource coordinator
Political experience: None
Personal: Two daughters in college

A: Yes, I support a fair dismissal policy for teachers. It's the fair thing to
do for the teachers and a mechanism for their protection against unfair
dismissals.

A: I do not think the Board of Education should continue to pay Dr. Hairston. He
has been hired by another system and is receiving a salary. We can use those
monies and direct them to other areas.

A: Local school councils will have powers that I think need to be studied more.
Should administrators go back into the classroom? Continuous evaluation of
teachers: this makes for a stressful situation. And finding qualified teachers
to be in the classrooms since the pupil-teacher ratio (is shrinking) is an
important issue in the reform package. A lot more qualified teachers are needed,
not only in the Clayton County but throughout the state.


CLAYTON COUNTY SCHOOL BOARD
DISTRICT 4 --- NONPARTISAN
Ericka Davis
Age: 31
E-mail address/Web site: erickeysa@yahoo.com
Residence: 875 Garden Walk Blvd., No. 2 College Park, GA 30349
Education: Graduate, Riverdale Senior High; B.A., English, University of
Georgia; M.S., technical and professional communication, Southern Polytechnic
State University
Profession: Public relations and information specialist II, Georgia Department
of Juvenile Justice
Political experience: Never before has run for office; however, duties of
profession include government relations and assisting the legislative liaison
during the state legislative session. Very familiar with the political process
Personal: Married to Joseph Davis. First child expected March 17, 2001. Native
of LaGrange. Moved to Clayton County in 1981

A: I do support a local fair dismissal policy for teachers because as an
employee with state government, I am afforded the opportunity to grieve an
action regarding an unfair dismissal. I believe teachers should be allowed the
same opportunity because the system is not perfect, and we need checks and
balances to safeguard against imperfections that may occur.

A: It is my understanding that when Dr. Hairston's duties ended as
superintendent, he was asked to continue in the capacity of consultant to our
school system. If he is no longer performing those duties, and we have no legal
obligation to fulfill the financial parameters of his contract, then we should
not continue paying him. But only if the above is true.

A: The greatest challenge will be adhering to the classroom ratio mandates,
particularly with a shortage of certified teachers and special education
teachers. We've become so desperate to fill shortages that we've employed people
with little or no experience, classroom time or student teaching experience,
expecting them to be certified within two years and then nationally certified as
well as computer literate. Then we add to that that they have no fair recourse
upon dismissal. That is a lot of pressure to place on a teacher, and I am
concerned if that is going to reflect in the classroom and if we will find
ourselves in an untenable position. We must offer our teachers some breathing
room by providing nets of support.

Antonia Parks
Age: 45
Residence: Clayton County
Education: B.S., Clark College
Profession: Administrative assistant, Fulton County Board of Education
Political experience: First time to run for political office
Personal: Secretary for the PTA

A: Yes. Every person is entitled to a due process. You have the right to face
your accuser. It will affect more qualified teachers.

A: No, I don't believe in paying someone who is no longer with the county.

A: 1. Examine the role of the counselors in the school system. 2. How can you
include another half hour or hour to a school day when some instructional
courses may have to be done away with?


CLAYTON COUNTY SCHOOL BOARD
DISTRICT 5
Barbara Wells (D) (I) is the only nominated candidate.


CLAYTON COUNTY SCHOOL BOARD
DISTRICT 6
Bob Livingston (D)
Age: 66
E-mail address/Web site: bjl9200@aol.com
Residence: 8191 Club House Way, Jonesboro, GA 30236
Education: Doctor of education
Profession: Retired superintendent
Political experience: Last elected superintendent of Clayton County in November
1990
Personal: Married to Bernice Livingston; one daughter, two grandchildren

A: Yes. There should be a way to reconcile the governor's plan with a local
benefit to our Clayton County teachers.

A: No. They should renegotiate the contract now that he has another job. He
should not get paid for two jobs when he is not available to our county.

A: Long-range planning for housing to eliminate or reduce overcrowding should be
done in cooperation with the county commissioners since Clayton County has the
most dense population, land area-wise, of any county in the state of Georgia.

Bob Boyer (R)
Age: 46
E-mail address/Web site: info@bobboyer.org/
www.bobboyer.org
Residence: 8155 Masters Court, Jonesboro, GA 30236
Education: B.S., business administration, 1977
Profession: Business executive in nonresidential construction market.
Political experience: None
Personal: Vice president of Clayton County PTA Council; chairman of Arnold
Elementary Community Advisory; member of M.D. Roberts Middle School Community
Advisory; mentor at McGarrah Elementary; co-president of Arnold Elementary PTA
1997-99; married 23 years to Toni Boyer; two daughters, Ashley, 14, and Bobbi,
10, attend Clayton County schools. Toni has taught 23 years in Clayton County
school system.

A: Yes. An effectively written legal policy may be utilized as a tool to assist
our school system in hiring and maintaining the very best educators in the state
of Georgia.

A: The current Board of Education should honor the terms of Dr. Hairston's
separation. Without knowledge of this agreement, I can only hope that the
current board included a provision to avoid some or all of our contractual
obligation at the time Dr. Hairston accepted a new position.

A: A+ Education Reform is loaded with good intentions but many challenges for
our school system. An effective board member must be willing to challenge
guidelines not beneficial to our children's education and future. We must also
find local funding for programs our communities deem important, such as
paraprofessionals in our early elementary classes. Finally, our system should
move immediately to comply fully with Title IX gender equity.


CLAYTON COUNTY SCHOOL BOARD
DISTRICT 7
Mark Armstrong (D) (I) is the only nominated candidate.


CLAYTON COUNTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY
Robert E. Keller (D) (I) is the only nominated candidate.


CLAYTON COUNTY PROBATE JUDGE
Eugene E. (Gene) Lawson (D) (I) is the only nominated candidate.


CLAYTON COUNTY SUPERIOR COURT CLERK
Linda T. Miller (D) (I) is the only nominated candidate.


CLAYTON COUNTY SHERIFF
Stanley Tuggle (D) (I) is the only nominated candidate.


CLAYTON COUNTY TAX COMMISSIONER
Patricia (Pat) Hussey (D) (I) is the only nominated candidate.


CLAYTON COUNTY CORONER
Q: Should the office of coroner be abolished? Why or Why not?
Marshall Newsome
Marshall Newsome (D) (I) did not respond.

Rebecca Smith
(write-in candidate)
Age: 28
E-mail address/Web site: rebeccasmith4coroner@hotmail.com
Residence: 1014 Maple Leaf Ridge, Jonesboro
Education: High school graduate; one year Griffin technical school, one year,
private investigation school
Profession: Emergency medical technician
Political experience: None
Personal: Married, Bryan Smith; daughter Ashley

A: No, the office should not be abolished. Not all cases of death need a medical
examiner, an office that would be more expensive than the coroner. There are
numerous cases that are of natural causes, where there is no sign of foul play,
and an autopsy is not required. A coroner's office run correctly can be a
service to the community rather than something used solely to build a business.


CLAYTON COUNTY CHIEF MAGISTRATE
Michael P. (Mike) Baird (D) (I) is the only nominated candidate.

CLAYTON COUNTY SOLICITOR
Keith Martin (D) (I) is the only nominated candidate.


CLAYTON COUNTY SUPERIOR COURT JUDGE --- NONPARTISAN
Deborah C. Benefield (I) is the only candidate.


CLAYTON COUNTY SUPERIOR COURTJUDGE --- NONPARTISAN
Matthew O. Simmons (I) is the only candidate.


CLAYTON COUNTY STATE COURT JUDGE --- NONPARTISAN
Harold G. Benefield (I) is the only candidate.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Ericka Davis
Photo
Gail Hambrick
Photo
Antonia Parks
Photo
 Rebecca Smith
Photo
Bob Boyer
Photo
Bob Livingston
Photo
Linda Crummy
 Photo
Nedra Ware
Photo
Lois Baines Hunter
Photo
Jim Tew
Photo
Gerald A.  Matthews
Photo
Richard Reagan
Photo
Crandle Bray

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 12, 2013 Monday
                                 Every Edition

SECTION: Pg. A12

LENGTH: 1154 words


Capital Business has partnered with the nonprofit Sunlight Foundation to bring
you a snapshot of the new clients signed by lobbying firms, based on federal
registration data.


Lobbyist           Client                Issues
Advocate Health    Advocate Health Care  Implementation of the Patient
Care                                     Protection and Affordable Care Act.
Aerojet-General    Aerojet Rocketdyne    Defense Appropriations Act; National
Corp.                                    Defense Authorization Act; Chemical
                                         Facility Anti-Terrorism Security
                                         Authorization Act; and the Commerce,
                                         Justice, Science Appropriations Act.
American Bankers   American Bankers      N/A
Association        Association
American           Myriad Genetics       Intellectual property.
Continental Group  Laboratories
American           Lowe's Cos.           Data security; international trade;
Continental Group                        Marketplace Fairness Act; corporate
                                         tax reform; health care;
                                         transportation; and environmental
                                         issues.
American Farmland  American Farmland     Agriculture water tax.
Trust              Trust
Anchor Consulting  KC Windustrial Co.    Defense appropriations.
Apco Worldwide     Liquidnet             Market structure advocacy.
Atlas Advocacy     United Mine Workers   Pension and health care plans.
Barnes & Thornburg Affordable Midwest    Davis-Bacon prevailing wage
                   Housing Corp.         determinations.
Barnes & Thornburg Complete Parachute    Requirements and procurement of
                   Solutions             parachute systems.
Barnes & Thornburg Van Andel Institute   Federal funding for medical research.
Barnes & Thornburg National Rifle        Firearms and gun control legislation.
                   Association
Barnes & Thornburg Prime Time            Tax classification of cigars and
                   International Co.     cigarettes.
Barnes & Thornburg American Kennel Club  Animal Welfare Act and the Puppy
                                         Uniform Protection and Safety Act.
Barnes & Thornburg School Nutrition      Federal child nutrition and school
                   Association           lunch programs.
Berry Appleman &   Compete America       High-skilled immigration reform and
Leiden             Coalition             employment-based visa reform.
Bingham McCutchen  Airbus Americas       International aviation emissions.
Bonta, Camille     Debbie's Dream        Funding for stomach cancer research.
                   Foundation
Boyagian           Right Truck for Idaho Truck weight on interstate highways in
Consulting         Coalition             Idaho.
Capitol Counsel    Invest in America     Foreign Investment in Real Property
                   Coalition             Tax Act and the Real Estate Investment
                                         and Jobs Act.
Capitol Counsel    Viacom                Tax and trade reforms.
Capitol Hill       Harris Corp.          Communications, Joint Tactical Radio
Consulting Group                         System and Defense Department
                                         appropriations.
Capitol Tax        Minnesota Auto        Multi-employer pension plans.
Partners           Dealers Association
Cardenas Partners  ProtectingAmerica.Org Assist the client in contacting the
                                         federal government regarding the
                                         client's legislative priorities.
Cardenas Partners  Jones Laffin Co.      Assistance with federal procurement
                                         opportunities.
Cassidy &          Newmont Mining        Public lands, conservation and
Associates                               endangered species.
Charles Group      Vista Technology      Marketing of infrastructure assessment
                   Services              tool to federal agencies.
Cheniere Energy    Cheniere Energy       Liquefied natural gas.
Commonwealth       King & Spalding       Water and associated natural
Research                                 resources.
Associates
Conafay Group      Medicago              Research and development and
                                         commercialization of an influenza
                                         vaccine.
Conafay Group      Traitwise             Increasing awareness of an online
                                         survey tool.
Conservation       Environmental Defense Gulf Coast Ecosystem Restoration Task
Pathways           Fund                  Force; Mississippi River delta
                                         restoration; and endangered species.
Constantinople &   TA Ahern Contractors  Construction and permitting.
Vallone Consulting
Copher, Michael    JB Advocacy           Veterans Health Administration and
                                         Defense Department treatment facility
                                         collections, including both fee and
                                         third-party.
Copher, Michael    Gilead                Hepatitis C virus policy and guidance;
                                         and biopharmaceutical industry.
Corn Refiners      Corn Refiners         Food-derived substances exemption from
Association        Association           the chemical data reporting
                                         requirements of the Chemical Safety
                                         Improvement Act of 2013.
Covington &        Brown Bros. Harriman  Securities laws, regulation of
Burling                                  derivatives and the Dodd-Frank Wall
                                         Street Reform and Consumer Protection
                                         Act.
Covington &        Financing American    Utility-scale wind power projects.
Burling            Investment in
                   Renewables Coalition
Crowell & Moring   Rocky Gorge           Monitoring defense authorization and
                   Development           appropriations.
Dawson &           Rutherfoord Division, Defense Base Act insurance.
Association        Marsh & McLennan
                   Agency
DC Legislative and Tri-Est               Methyl bromide critical-use
Regulatory Serv.                         exemptions.
DLA Piper          Stanley Black and     Tax reform.
                   Decker
Downey McGrath     Securing America's    Establishing a federal energy security
Group              Future Energy         trust fund.
                   Alliance
Downey McGrath     Electrification       Deployment of electric vehicles.
Group              Coalition Alliance
Duetto Group       MAC                   Mobile industrial heaters.
Edington, Peel &   Global Partnership    Basic education.
Associates         for Education
Elmendorf          Federation of         Health care and health reform
Strategies         American Hospitals    implementation.
Elmendorf          Entertainment         Software gaming industry.
Strategies         Software Association
Fabiani & Co.      MBDA Italia S.p.A.    Missile defense systems.
Federal Hill Group Doerrer Group for the Federal Contract Tower Program
                   U.S. Contract Tower   funding.
                   Association
Ferguson Group     Lansing Board of      Renewable energy projects and federal
                   Water and Light       grants for clean water and drinking
                                         water projects.
Ferguson Group     Newhall Land          General policy work.
Foley Hoag         Thermo Fisher         Promotion of guidelines for the
                   Scientific            diagnosis and management of asthma.
Foley Hoag         Intuitive Surgical    Health care.
Foley Hoag         Trius Therapeutics    Implementation of the Food and Drug
                                         Administration Safety and Innovation
                                         Act.
Forbes-Tate        Advanced Medical      Reinstatement of the research and
                   Technology            development tax credit; medical device
                   Association           fees; medical device tax; 510K device
                                         approval process; and the Medical
                                         Device User Fee Amendments of 2007.
Forbes-Tate        Allergan USA          Obesity intervention; drug approval;
                                         pharmaceutical reimbursement;
                                         intellectual property and drug
                                         counterfeiting; Medical Device User
                                         Fee & Modernization Act of 2007;
                                         Prescription Drug User Fee Act; and
                                         regulation of breast implants.
Forbes-Tate        American Sportfishing Fisheries management; Deepwater
                   Association           Horizon oil spill; sport fishing
                                         industry taxes; and federal natural
                                         resource management.
Forbes-Tate        Amgen USA             Medicare coverage and reimbursement
                                         pertaining to dialysis products and
                                         bone densitometry.
Forbes-Tate        ASC Advocacy          Outpatient surgery centers and
                   Committee             reimbursement and transparency; and
                                         the Ambulatory Surgical Center Quality
                                         and Access Act of 2013.
Forbes-Tate        Beech Street Capital  Multi-family housing, finance and
                                         government-sponsored enterprise
                                         reform.
Forbes-Tate        Cellular Telecom &    Wireless telecommunications industry
                   Internet Association  and broadband spectrum policy;
                                         shipment of lithium batteries; bonus
                                         depreciation; Digital Goods and
                                         Services Tax Fairness Act of 2013;
                                         Wireless Tax Fairness Act of 2013 and
                                         the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and
                                         Protection Act.
Franklin Creek     Hickory Ground Tribal Tribal trust land and preservation and
Consulting         Town of the Muscogee  restoration of sacred places.
                   Creek Nation of
                   Oklahoma

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                  May 19, 2013

When Is It Good to Be Poor? [opinion]

BYLINE: Tonnie Iredia

LENGTH: 990 words


Different write-ups attract different readers. While some people prefer
light-hearted articles that relax the mind, other persons that are often
described as 'serious' readers are hardly interested in storylines. Rather, they
want the point to be quickly but logically made. What such persons tend to
overlook however, is the ease with which stories enhance the quality and
opinions being made by writers. Indeed, stories can help readers to easily
comprehend the issues in focus in a write-up. This is why today's article is
softened with a few stories on prosperity and vanity.

Our first story is that of my rich friend who built a mansion with 10 waiting
rooms, 16 living rooms and 12 bedrooms. Those who visit him daily leave his
premises in awe after going through the inspection tours organized for visitors
to the mansion. Each visitor would exclaim that the man has arrived meaning that
it is good to have money. But is it really expedient to be stupendously rich?
May be wealth can place a person in a position to meet virtually every need. On
the other hand, it can make him to be irrational. What does anyone need 16
different living rooms for in his house? Is it so as to have enough rooms to
meet with 16 different visitors at the same time? Again, what does any person
need 12 different bedrooms for? Is it so as to be able to sleep on more than one
bed at the same time? A deep thought on these issues is likely to suggest that
sometimes, too much money can increase the level of a man's insanity. In other
words, there are times when it is probably good, if not better, for a person not
to be wealthy.

This is a subject from which as an individual, I gained ample experience during
my days in service. From 2003-2008, I headed the Nigerian Television Authority,
a federal government parastatal, which was compelled (only during my tenure) to
rely on internally generated revenue. The several projects I initiated and
completed showed that many things can be achieved through prudence and
determination. More importantly, was my discovery that in Nigeria, it is those
who have money that have problems. While my colleagues who thought they knew how
to lobby and attract huge government subventions were permanently under siege in
their offices, I had little money but great peace. Contractors had no interest
in my office because they got first hand information from their friends in
government that only salaries were sent to me. Thus, while the scarcity of funds
provoked ingenuity, the serene environment occasioned by the absence of
contractors and busy bodies provided for me an enabling disposition towards
innovation, efficiency and effectiveness. Even over sight functions by
legislators concerning my organization were quite few during my tenure. In all,
I got little money, little attention and little troubles including interference.
So, who says there is no time when it is probably better to be poor? Even if the
issue is looked at from the point of view of an entire government, it is also
not difficult to see the evils of money. This year, 3 States- Enugu, Niger and
Bayelsa announced their budgets at about the same time making it easy to compare
the figures. The money available to Bayelsa to prosecute capital projects only
was about the same as the total budgets of Enugu and Niger put together. Lagos,
Akwa Ibom, Rivers and Delta States similarly have huge budgets which ought to
put them well ahead of others. But there is no evidence that the wealthy States
are where we can best find the dividends of democracy. For example, Ekiti State
cannot be described as one of our wealthy States but it has a commendable system
of welfare assistance including free health care and welfare grants to the
elderly to reduce old age poverty. In like manner, Jigawa State, a visibly poor
State has a social security package for the disabled and other disadvantaged
people. It is a pragmatic programme put in place by the Sule Lamido
administration through which every disabled person in the State receives a
monthly income of N7, 000.00.

Jigawa is poor but in 2012, it announced the completion of works on about 1000
kilometres of township, feeder and new roads in the State at a total cost of N56
billion. In 'wealthy' States, road contracts are a different ball game. In the
first place, they are never advertized; so, neither the issue of competitive
bidding nor cost benefit analysis arises. Some of the contracts go for as high
as N400million per kilometre and there can be variations two or three times.
Half way through, the contracts can be re-awarded while in some cases, they may
never be completed because the State concerned is not essentially a poor entity.
Let us take a look at Gombe State which is no doubt poor. It is the second from
the bottom in the table of revenue allocation in Nigeria. Yet, it reportedly has
the highest record of delivery in terms of water supply and road infrastructure
in the country. In recognition of such giant strides, an award was conferred on
the State Governor, Alhaji Ibrahim Dankwambo, by the Nigerian Society of
Engineers at its 45th National Engineering Conference and Annual General Meeting
in Ilorin.

Gombe is indeed twice lucky. The first aspect is that it has as its Governor, a
chartered accountant, whose passion is to harness the State's meagre resources
for optimal benefit to his people. As a result, Dankwambo cuts the State's coat
according to its cloth. He does not under the guise of development; procure huge
loans that the next 3 generations of his successors cannot repay. The second is
that Gombe has the advantage of not being one of our wealthy States. Oh yes,
paucity of funds plays a big role in dissuading profligacy. It is more difficult
for instance, for a leader in a poor State to join the league of those who
renovate government guest houses at a cost higher than what is needed to build a
new university. Is not good to be poor some times?

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       January 27, 1997 Monday 2D EDITION

OBITUARIES

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D-07

LENGTH: 2331 words

Suzanne Jackman-Farley Printing expert, 36 Suzanne Marie Jackman-Farley of
Arvada, a printing and graphics specialist, died Jan. 20 in Boulder. She was 36.

Memorial Services were Saturday at Unity Church in Boulder. There was cremation.

She was a co-founder of Boulder County Hospice and a victim's advocate for the
Boulder Police Department. She was a member of the board and a teacher at the
Boulder Vocational School.

She enjoyed the outdoors, women's spiritual groups, camping, hiking, and
traveling.

She worked at Universal Graphics.

She is survived by her husband, Malcolm Farley; a daughter, Tiffany Marie Hatin,
Boulder and Jeffersonville, Vt.; two stepsons, Tanyan and Parker, Arvada; her
mother, Carolyn Jackman-Desmarais, Palm Harbor, Fla.; her father and stepmother,
Ralph and Terri Jackman, Port Charlotte, Fla.; three brothers, Mark Jackman,
Palm Harbor, and Kevin and Keith Jackman, both of Port Charlotte; and a sister,
Jeanne Brown, Westminster. Contributions may be made to the Tiffany Hatin
Scholarship Fund, c/o Howe Mortuary, 2121 11th St., Boulder 80302.   Donald Dean
Holtz Truck driver, 66 Donald Dean Holtz of Golden, a truck driver, died Jan. 7
in Wheat Ridge. He was 66.

Services were Jan. 10 at Chapel Hill Mortuary. Interment was in Chapel Hill
Memorial Gardens.

He was born July 18, 1930, in Davenport, Neb. He served in the Navy.

On Aug. 30, 1950, he married Lois Mary Wilson in Denver.

He is survived by his wife; a son, Carl, Denver; three daughters, Debbie, and
Bonnie Castleberry, both of Lakewood, and Janet Hallada, Denver; 10
grandchildren; and eight great-grandchildren.   Maryellen Leatherman Littleton
homemaker, 81 Maryellen Leatherman of Littleton, a homemaker, died Wednesday.
She was 81.

Mass was said Friday at St. Mary's Catholic Church. Interment was in Mount
Olivet Cemetery. She was born Maryellen Fitzpatrick on April 8, 1915, in Iowa
City, Iowa. On Oct. 2, 1937, she married Earl Leatherman in Iowa City. He
preceded her in death.

She is survived by three sons, Ron, Boulder, Denny, Pittsburgh, and Steve,
Littleton; and five grandchildren.  Gary J. Lewis Artist, 45 Gary J. Lewis of
Aurora, a self-employed artist, died Tuesday in Aurora. He was 45.

Services were Saturday at Horan & McConaty Mortuary. There was cremation.

He was born Jan. 1, 1952, in Burlington, Iowa. He was a 1970 graduate of
Burlington High School and earned a master's of fine arts degree from the
University of Texas at Denton.

He is survived by his mother, Dorothy L., Aurora; and a brother, Donald F.,
Aurora.  Kathleen Marshall Lakewood homemaker, 71 Kathleen Marshall of Lakewood,
a homemaker, died Wednesday in Westminster. She was 71.

Services were Friday at Olinger's Wadsworth Chapel. Interment was in Fort Logan
National Cemetery.

She was born Dec. 6, 1925, in Berwind. On Jan. 27, 1946, she married James W.
Marshall in Denver. He preceded her in death.

She is survived by three sons, Jimmy, Greeley, Pat, Denver, and Dale, Arvada;
seven grandchildren; and five great-grandchildren.  Eugene S. Martin Radio
writer, 85 Eugene "Gene" S. Martin of Denver, a radio program writer, died Jan.
17 at PorterCare Hospice in Englewood. He was 85.

Services will be at a later date. There was cremation.

He was born Dec. 19, 1911, in Wichita. He graduated from Woodrow Wilson High
School in Dallas. On Oct. 3, 1941, he married Gertrude C. Buchanan Montgomery in
Dallas.

He was a radio news writer for KLZ radio in Denver in the 1930s. He was news
editor and news director at stations in Dallas, Cincinnati and Cleveland. From
1955 through 1993, he wrote and produced a daily syndicated radio feature,
"Almanac."

He is survived by his wife; a daughter, Nancy Steele, Marion, Ohio; three sons,
David, Blue Bell, Pa., Paul, Denver, and Peter, Lakewood; and 10 grandchildren.
  LeRoy 'Apple' Martinez Construction worker, 60 LeRoy "Apple" Martinez of
Boulder, a construction worker, died Wednesday at Boulder Community Hospital. He
was 60. Graveside services will be at 11 a.m. tomorrow at Fort Logan National
Cemetery, 3698 S. Sheridan Blvd.

He was born Sept. 6, 1936, in Trinidad. He served in the Marine Corps.

He is survived by two sons, Mark and Dino, both of Pueblo; two daughters, Norma
Ann Winegardner, Rochester, Ind., and Trina James, Boone; four brothers, Robert
Max, Benjamin and Jerry, all of Denver, and John Edward, Oklahoma City; and two
sisters, Betty Lou Fuentes, Pueblo, and Theresa Hughes, Orlando, Fla.

Contributions may be made to a charity of choice.  Russell Leon Medaris Retired
postal clerk, 87 Russell Leon Medaris of Denver, retired postal clerk, died
Tuesday at the Hallmark Life Care Center. He was 87.

Graveside services will be at 1 p.m. tomorrow in Fort Logan National Cemetery,
3698 S. Sheridan Blvd.

He was born Jan. 19, 1910, in Stilwell, Kan. He served in the Army during World
War II.

He was a warehouse foreman in the wool industry and a farmer. He was member of
Southgate Masonic Lodge.

He is survived by two nephews.  Brenda Louise Munsey Professor, 54 Brenda Louise
Munsey of Denver, a university professor, died Thursday in Denver. She was 54.

Services will be at 1 p.m. today at the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day
Saints, 1939 E. Easter Ave., Littleton. Interment will be in Littleton Cemetery.

She was born April 10, 1942, in Asher, Ky. She earned a bachelor's degree from
the University of Dayton in Ohio, and master's and a Ph.D. degrees from Ohio
State University.

She was a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

She is survived by a son, Troy Vincent Mapel, Denver; her father, Joseph Muncy,
Dayton; and four sisters, JoAnne Lombardo, Round Lake, Ill., Elizabeth Muncy
Hypes, Springfield, Ohio, Ramona Accord and Rosemary Neal, both of Dayton.
Julia C. Nibbe Retired US West manager, 89 Julia C. Nibbe of Lakewood, a retired
US West manager, died Jan. 11 in Lakewood. She was 89.

Services and interment were Jan. 17 in Crown Hill Cemetery.

She was born Dec. 14, 1907, in Jefferson County. She was married to Elmer Nibbe,
who is now deceased.

She worked for the telephone company for 40 years. She became a chief operator
and an assistant manager.

She was a member of Augustana Lutheran Church.

She is survived by several nieces and nephews.  Henry Rein Retired Teamsters
agent, 85 Henry Rein of Denver, a retired Teamsters agent, died Tuesday in
Denver. He was 85.

Services were Friday at Crown Hill Mortuary. Interment was in Crown Hill
Cemetery.

He was born Nov. 27, 1911, in Scottsbluff, Neb. On Dec. 1, 1934, he married
Lydia Engleman in Denver. She preceded him in death.

He was an agent for the Teamsters Local No. 13 and a member of Messiah Lutheran
Church.

He is survived by a daughter, Renee P. Watkins, Littleton; a sister, Mary
Baines, Prescott Valley, Ariz.; two grandchildren; and two great-grandchildren.
  Sylvia Ruda Health-care administrator, 76 Sylvia Ruda of Denver, a health-care
administrator, died Jan. 9 in Denver. She was 76.

Services were Jan. 11 at Feldman Chapel. Interment was in Golden Hill Cemetery.

She was born Feb. 26, 1920, in Warsaw, Poland. She was raised in Warsaw and
attended Warsaw University. In 1943 she married Israel "Srul" Ruda in the Warsaw
Ghetto. He preceded her in death.

She spoke seven languages and could read Hebrew and Latin. She earned a degree
in accounting while living in Belgium after World War II. In 1954 she and her
family came to Denver.

She became the owner and operator of several long-term care facilities. From
1971 to 1992 she was the administrator of Wheatridge Manor Nursing Home, from
which she retired.

In 1993 she received the Vesta Bowden Lifetime Achievement Award from the
Colorado Health Care Association.

She was a long time member of the Hebrew Educational Alliance and BMH-BJ
Congregation.

She is survived by two daughters, Eva Ruda-Hull and Joyce Moskowitz; a son,
Jacques; and six grandchildren.

Contributions may be made to the Holocaust Awareness Institute of University of
Denver's Center for Judaic Studies, 2199 S. University Blvd., Denver 80208; or
to Rocky Mountain Hebrew Academy, 350 S. Dahlia, Suite 210, Denver 80222; or to
Beth Jacob High School 5100 W. 14th Ave., Denver 80204.  Violet Pearl Shaulis
Golden homemaker, 86 Violet Pearl Shaulis of Golden, a homemaker, died Jan. 20.

Services were Thursday at Wheat Ridge United Methodist Church. There was
cremation.

She was born Sept. 27, 1910, in Johnstown, Pa. Her husband, Fred, preceded her
in death.

She is survived by two daughters, Carolyn Harvey, Golden, and Shirley Kelley,
Johnstown, Pa.; a son, Jack Beck, Boulder; 10 grandchildren; and 10
great-grandchildren.  Charles A. Sheeley Administrative assistant, 79 Charles A.
Sheeley of Denver, an administrative assistant, died Jan. 16 in Denver. He was
79.

Services were Jan. 23 at the Church of South Denver. Interment will be in
Imperial Gardens Cemetery in Pueblo.

He was born Aug. 29, 1917, in Pueblo. He attended school in Pueblo and earned a
degree in mechanical engineering at Pueblo Junior College in 1940.

Sheeley was a decorated World War II veteran. He joined the Army Air Corps in
1940, was commissioned as a fighter pilot in the Philippines Third Fighting
Squadron, 24th Fighter Group. He was a prisoner of war of the Japanese from 1942
to 1945. He survived the Bataan Death March.

He worked for the state government.

He is survived by three sons, Charles A. II, Guam, John, Washington, and Mike,
Illinois; a sister, Merry Hedrick, Pueblo; four grandchildren; and a
great-grandchild.

Contributions may be made to American Veterans, Murphy Borelli Chapter No. 7,
4842 Morrison Road, Denver 80219.  Anna Mary Funk Dance studio owner, 71 Anna
Mary Funk of Evans, a dance studio owner, died Wednesday at Life Care Center in
Longmont. She was 71.

Services were Saturday at Allnutt Funeral Service Macy Chapel in Greeley.
Interment was in Linn Grove Cemetery.

She was born April 11, 1925, in McCook, Neb. She graduated from McCook High
School in 1942. In 1948 she graduated from Colorado Women's College. She married
Claude E. Funk on June 19, 1948 in McCook. He is deceased.

She was the owner of the Mary Funk Center of Dance Arts from 1957 to 1995. She
also had a studio in Windsor for several years.

She had been a member of First Christian Church in Greeley since 1960. She
enjoyed traveling, dancing, and fishing.

She is survived by two daughters, Christine Walter, Phoenix, and Jacque
Pilkington, Fort Collins; two sisters, Suzanne Kimple, Minden, Neb., and Cathie
Gibson, Orange City, Fla.; four grandchildren; and three great-grandchildren.

Contributions may be made to the American Cancer Society, c/o Allnutt Funeral
Service Macy Chapel, 702 13th St., Greeley 80631.  Lawrence E. Wailes Retired
farmer, 70 Lawrence E. Wailes of Bennett, a retired farmer, died Friday at
Sunset Nursing Home in Brush. He was 70.

Services will be at 11 a.m. today at Bennett Presbyterian Church, 460 Third St.
in Bennett. Interment will be in Mount View Cemetery.

He was born March 9, 1926, in Windsor. He married Donna Carpenter on Aug. 17,
1948, in Tonopah, Nev.

Wailes was a farmer in the Bennett area until his retirement. He was a member of
the Bennett Presbyterian Church, the Democratic Party, Farmers Union, Flying
Farmers and Colorado Wheat Growers Association. He was a former volunteer for
the Bennett Fire Department. He served on the Bennett School Board and on the
Lost Creek Water District Board.

He is survived by his wife; two sons, Rex And Roy, both of Bennett; a sister,
Nell Ott, Baltimore, Mich.; a brother, Thomas, Strasburg; and four
grandchildren.

Contributions may be made to Alzheimer's Disease and Related Disorders
Association, 825 E. Speer Blvd., Suite 1, Denver 80218.  Nancy Rae Sarchet Wait
Courier, 62 Nancy Rae Sarchet Wait of Longmont, a retired courier, died Thursday
at home. She was 62.

Memorial services will be at 11 a.m. today at St. Ambrose Episcopal Church, 7520
S. Boulder Road, Boulder.

She was born March 19, 1934, in Fort Lupton. She earned a degree from Colorado
State University in Fort Collins.

She worked for the law firm of Hutchison, Black and Cook.

She is survived by two sons, Michael, Longmont, and Curtis, Parker; two
daughters, Sheryl Dombrowski, Broomfield, and Alyson Bradley, Lakewood; two
brothers, Robert Sarchet, Longmont, and Jim Sarchet, Hooker, Okla.; two sisters,
Carol Sarchet, New York, N.Y. and Linda Ryan, Beale Air Force Base, Calif.; and
six grandchildren.

Contributions may be made to St. Ambrose Episcopal Church Youth Fund, 7520 S.
Boulder Road, Boulder 80303.  Joe Bruce Livonius Retired home builder, 68 Joe
Bruce Livonius of Delta, a retired home builder, died Tuesday at Delta County
Memorial Hospital. He was 68. Memorial services will be at a later date. There
was cremation. He was born Feb. 13, 1928, in Denver. He married Martha E. "Myrt"
Piersol on March 23, 1951, in Colorado Springs. He is survived by his wife; a
son David, Etna, Maine; two sisters, Margaret Lanier and Leona, both of
Evergreen; and three grandchildren. Contributions may be made to The Delta
Public Library, 211 W. 6th St., Delta 81416  Eugene S. Martin Radio writer, 85
Eugene "Gene " S. Martin of Denver, a radio program writer, died Jan. 17 at
PorterCare Hospice in Englewood. He was 85. Services will be at a later date.
There was cremation. He was born Dec. 19, 1911, in Wichita. He graduated from
Woodrow Wilson High School in Dallas. On Oct. 3, 1941, he married Gertrude C.
Buchanan Montgomery in Dallas. He was a radio news writer for KLZ radio in
Denver in the 1930s. He was news editor and news director at stations in Dallas,
Cincinnati and Cleveland. From 1955 through 1993 he wrote and produced a daily
syndicated radio feature, "Almanac." He is survived by his wife; a daughter,
Nancy Steele, Marion Ohio; three sons, David, Blue Bell, Pa., Paul, Denver, and
Peter, Lakewood; and 10 grandchildren.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OBITUARIES

                        Copyright 1997 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2017 Hoover's Inc., All Rights Reserved

                  Hoover's Company Records - In-depth Records

                                 March 29, 2017

                     BLUE CROSS AND BLUE SHIELD OF MICHIGAN

                              600 E Lafayette Blvd
                            Detroit,  MI 48226-2927
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 313-225-9000
FAX: 313-225-5629
URL: www.bcbsm.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
HOOVER ID: 48002

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Private - Not-for-Profit

EMPLOYEES:  3,000

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER                 TITLE             AGE     SALARY      BONUS TOTAL_COMP
                                                                      ENSATION
Tricia A. Keith         EVP, Chief of       -          -          -          -
                        Staff, and
                        Corporate
                        Secretary
Thomas L. Simmer        SVP and Chief       -          -          -          -
                        Medical Officer
Kenneth R. (Ken)        EVP Group           -          -          -          -
Dallafior               Business and
                        Corporate
                        Marketing
Joseph H. Hohner        SVP and CIO         -          -          -          -
Elizabeth R. (Liz) Haar SVP Subsidiary      -          -          -          -
                        Operations; CEO,
                        Accident Fund
                        Group;
                        President,
                        Emerging Markets
Darrell E. Middleton    SVP Business        -          -          -          -
                        Efficiency and
                        Human
                        Performance
Daniel J. (Dan) Loepp   President and       -          -          -          -
                        CEO
Mark R. Bartlett        EVP and CFO         -          -          -          -


DIRECTOR                    TITLE                AGE
Spencer C. Johnson          Vice Chairman          -
Gregory A. (Greg) Sudderth  Chairman               -

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan (BCBSM) covers Michigan residents from one
great lake to another. The company is the state's leading health benefits
organization, serving some 4.5 million members residing in the state or employed
by companies headquartered there, and 1.3 million more members in other states.
The not-for-profit company's insurance offerings include traditional indemnity,
PPO, and POS plans, in addition to its Blue Care Network HMO plans. It also
provides consumer-directed Flexible Blue plans paired with health savings
accounts (HSAs), as well as options for individual buyers and Medicare
beneficiaries. The organization is an independent licensee of the Blue Cross and
Blue Shield Association .

   Change in Company Type

   In early 2014, BCBSM converted to a not-for-profit mutual insurance company
through its merger with Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan Mutual Insurance
Company. As part of the transition, the company will contribute $1.6 billion
over a period of nearly 20 years to the independent Michigan Health Endowment.

   Operations

   BCBSM has the largest network of doctors and hospitals in Michigan: 158
hospitals and nearly 30,000 doctors.

   Along with its traditional health coverage options, BCBSM provides
prescription drug plans to seniors through Medicare Part D, as well as a range
of other senior care programs including HMO, PPO, and gap plans. The company
also offers Blue Dental and Blue Vision plans, and its BCN Service subsidiary
provides third-party administration of self-funded employer health plans. Its
LifeSecure unit provides long-term care insurance throughout most of the
country. In addition, BCBSM partners with the State of Michigan to provide
children's insurance through the MIChild program.

   In addition to its ownership in Blue Care Network, the BCBSM Foundation,
Accident Fund Holdings, and LifeSecure Insurance, BCBSM holds a minority stake
in Pennsylvania-based managed care firm AmeriHealth Caritas and Minnesota-based
Bloom Health (a developer of private exchange products for employers).

   Geographic Reach

   BCBSM operates across Michigan with its headquarters and major locations in
Detroit, Blue Care Network's headquarters in Southfield, and other offices in
Grand Rapids and Lansing.

   Sales and Marketing

   The mutual company markets its insurance products through more than 2,000
Blue Cross-contracted agents; it has a particular focus on companies in the auto
manufacturing industry.

   Financial Performance

   The company's revenues increased by 3% to $11 billion in fiscal 2013, due to
growth in underwritten premiums earned, strong investment returns, and
cost-management efforts. Net income also grew that year, rising 34% to $340
million. The growth was largely due to rising revenue as well as a decrease in
expenses related to defined benefit pension plans.

   Cash flow from operations fell 89% in 2013 to $57 million, primarily due to
an increase in liabilities for unpaid claims and claims adjustment expenses.

   Strategy

   Like most US health plans, BCBSM has combated the rise of health care costs
with a combination of rate hikes, new product offerings that shift the burden of
cost to members, and programs that encourage healthy lifestyles and the use of
lower-cost alternatives such as generic drugs.

   In a proactive approach to try to fight off losses and gain more members, the
company is also constantly evaluating its products to try to find ways to
customize them to plan members' needs. The company studies data on plan usage
from employer organizations and creates new programs based on that data. Through
its minority stake in the AmericGroup Mercy Family of Companies, it plans to
extend its Medicaid operations. In 2014 BCBSM and the Blue Care Network created
additional plan options and provider partnerships to meet customer demand in
Medicare-eligible seniors and persons with disabilities. (Medicaid enrollment
levels are expected to grow under new health reform laws.)

   Also in 2014, the company partnered with Assurity Life Insurance and its
LifeSecure Insurance unit to create a portfolio of individual supplemental
insurance products. In 2015 BCBSM entered into an agreement to market Dearborn
National Insurance group products alongside its own medical, dental, and vision
offerings.

   Company Background

   The not-for-profit health care organization was founded in 1939.


HISTORY:

   The history of prepaid medical care began in 1929, when Baylor University
Hospital administrator Justin Kimball developed a plan to offer schoolteachers
21 days of hospital care for $6 a year. Fundamental to the plan was a community
rating system, which based premiums on the community's claims experience rather
than subscribers' conditions.

   A similar program was started in Michigan in 1938 when a group of hospitals
formed the Michigan Society for Group Hospitalization, which became the Michigan
Hospital Service and later became a chapter of the national Blue Cross
association. The health care plan was funded by local hospitals and private
grants. (A group of private donors, including Oldsmobile automotive founder
Ransom Olds, loaned the group $5,000.)

   The state insurance commission approved tax-exempt status for the Michigan
Blue Cross in 1939. Nine days after opening a three-person office in Detroit,
Blue Cross landed its first customer, insurance company John Hancock Mutual
Life. John Hancock's Detroit branch manager became the first subscriber, paying
$1.90 per month for 21 days of hospitalization coverage for his family of eight.

   Due in part to the addition of Chrysler, Ford, and General Motors to its
health plans, Blue Cross grew from less than 1 million members in the 1940s to
more than 3 million in the 1950s. In 1945 it began to offer coverage for
individuals; 14 years later the association started to offer policies to seniors
who were ineligible for group coverage. Blue Cross took over operation of
Michigan's Medicare program in 1966.

   Michigan's Blue Cross merged with longtime partner Blue Shield in 1975 to
create Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan, with a total of 5 million
subscribers. Blue Shield, a prepayment plan that covered doctors' services, had
been started in 1939 by the Michigan State Medical Society (a group of Michigan
physicians).

   As overseas competition forced automakers to cut their employment rolls, Blue
Cross Blue Shield of Michigan's membership contracted. BCBSM chairman John
McCabe, realizing the need to generate additional revenue, pushed for an end to
the company's not-for-profit status in the 1980s but was rejected by the
Michigan legislature. This failure was at least partially behind McCabe's
resignation in 1987.

   The struggling Michigan Blues moved toward profitability in 1994 when the
state legislature specially authorized its $291 million purchase of the
for-profit State Accident Fund, the state's workers' compensation program. It
also lost its large but hard-to-manage state Medicare contract to Blue Cross
Blue Shield of Illinois (now Health Care Service Corporation). In 1996 the
company reorganized, with a division for Michigan residents and one for
nationwide accounts. In 1997 BCBSM continued its efforts to increase revenue by
acquiring private health management company Preferred Provider Organization of
Michigan, which operates in Michigan and nearby states. BCBSM president and CEO
Richard Whitmer announced that he was willing to compete with other Blues in
bordering states.

   In 1998 Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan consolidated four regional HMOs
into a single statewide HMO, the Blue Care Network. Costs of the merger and
growing losses in drug coverage constrained earnings, but were counterweighted
by returns on assets invested in the stock market. In 1999 and 2000 the company
rankled Detroit's small business owners with double-digit premium hikes.

HOOVER INDUSTRIES:

     ·    Insurance Carriers
          ·    HEALTH INSURANCE CARRIERS



* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
524114 - Direct Health and Medical Insurance Carriers
SIC CODES:
6324 - Hospital and medical service plans
6321 - Accident and health insurance
MARKETS:

     ·    Selected Products
     ·
     ·    BCN Advantage (Medicare Advantage HMO-POS)
     ·    BCN 65 (Medicare)
     ·    BCN HMO (group HMO)
     ·    Blue Care Network (HMO)
     ·    Blue Dental
     ·    Blue Elect Plus (group POS)
     ·    Blues Rx (prescription)
     ·    Blue Vision
     ·    Flexible Blue (consumer-directed plan)
     ·    Healthy Blue HMO HRA (group HMO)
     ·    Medicare Plus Blue (Medicare Advantage plan with prescription drug
          coverage)
     ·    MIChild
     ·    MyBlue Medigap (Medicare)
     ·    OneBlue (individual plan)
     ·    Smart Select (individual HMO)
     ·    Selected Subsidiaries
     ·
     ·    Accident Fund Holdings Inc.
     ·    Blue Care Network of Michigan
     ·    Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan Foundation
     ·    LifeSecure Insurance Company


COMPETITORS:

     ·    Priority Health
     ·    Delta Dental
     ·    Health Alliance Plan of Michigan
     ·    MetLife
     ·    Molina Healthcare
     ·    CIGNA
     ·    Total Health Care
     ·    OmniCare Health Plan
     ·    Great Lakes Health Plan
     ·    Humana
     ·    Aetna


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December, 2012

(Millions U.S. Dollars)               2012              2011              2010
Revenue                          $20,971.9         $20,370.7         $19,323.0
Net Income                          $332.8            $261.6            $222.2
Net Profit                            1.6%              1.3%              1.1%

     ·    One Year Sales Growth: 3.0%
     ·    One Year Income Growth: 27.2%


                                                       2012
Return on Assets                                       2.6%

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Deloitte & Touche LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Walker outburst further strains relations with legislators

BYLINE: Tim Bradner, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1729 words


March 04--Gov. Bill Walker's temper tantrum against House leaders in a March 2
press conference has brought his relations with the House, and quite likely the
Senate, to a frigid level, posing a threat to the governor's major initiative,
an expansion of Medicaid.

Medicaid expansion was already in trouble in the House, but the sour
relationship has almost certainly doomed any chance of it happening this
session. Health and Social Services Commissioner Val Davidson had hoped to get
the expansion underway July 1.

Walker's blast at the House was over a bill introduced in that body March 2 that
would limit the administration in developing a state-owned gas pipeline until it
is known that a large gas project, in which the state is a 25 percent partner,
will not advance.

On Feb. 27, a House Finance subcommittee stripped the Department of Health and
Social Services budget of its authority to receive new federal Medicaid funds
under an expansion of the program.

House leaders, including House Finance co-chair Rep. Mark Neuman, R-Big Lake,
also urged the governor to introduce a bill authorizing the Medicaid expansion.
In the Senate, Senate Finance Committee co-chair Sen. Pete Kelly, R-Fairbanks,
is reported to be working on a Medicaid bill that will link expansion of the
program with reforms.

Bringing in a bill to effect the expansion will almost certainly put any
enactment over until the 2016 session because committee hearings will be needed
in both House and Senate and the 2015 session is past the halfway mark to
adjournment, scheduled for the 90th day, or April 20.

Davidson has told legislative committees that her department is already working
on reforms that would save money but Kelly is reported to be considering further
steps.

Those could include changes in the amounts of reimbursement allowed to health
care providers, even under the existing program. Under Medicaid, which is now
funded 50-50 between the state and federal governments, states set the levels of
reimbursement, or payment, to medical providers, and Alaska's reimbursement
levels are more generous than many other states.

The health care community has made Medicaid expansion a priority because it
would extend health coverage to several thousand low-income Alaskans who do not
have medical coverage because they are caught in a gap between minimum income
requirements of federally-subsidized health insurance under the Affordable Care
Act and the maximum income requirement of the existing Medicaid program, which
is administered by the state.

The gap was created when former Gov. Sean Parnell did not expand Medicaid as
permitted under the federal law. Expanding Medicaid would raise the maximum
allowable earnings limit, bringing those caught in the gap under coverage.

Hospitals in the state strongly support the expansion because it would reduce
the number of uninsured patients they care for and losses they incur in
writeoffs.

The Alaska Native community also supports it because it would strengthen the
finances of rural Tribal health care organizations by allowing them to bill
Medicaid for health services to Native people in Tribal facilities.

On other issues, Finance committees in the House and Senate continue work on the
state budget, which is being cut this year due to sharply-reduced revenues from
oil. House Finance subcommittees turned in their recommendations to the full
House Finance Committee Feb. 28 reducing spending for all agencies. In many
cases the subcommittees went beyond Walker's recommendations, reducing spending
even more.

The House committee held public hearings on the recommendations this past week.
Meanwhile Senate Finance subcommittees are beginning their reviews of agency
budgets and will consider the House subcommittees' recommendations although they
have not yet been formally accepted by the House.

Time zones, Interior Energy Project

On another issues, Alaska may soon be on track to return to multiple time zones.

Sen. Anna MacKinnon's Senate Bill 6, ending daylight saving time changes
statewide in Alaska, has been changed, the senator said.

The bill's new version, as it was reported out of the Senate Finance Committee
March 3, will authorize the governor to petition the U.S. Department of
Transportation to hold hearings in Alaska on whether Alaska should return to
multiple time zones, such as allowing Southeast Alaska to be on Pacific time,
which it was until 1983 when Alaska's five time zones were consolidated, and to
allow northwest and western Alaska to be one or more hours earlier than
Southeast, Interior Alaska and Southcentral time.

If the U.S. DOT does not act on that and leaves Alaska Standard Time in place,
SB 6 would end the switch to daylight saving time for Alaskans as of Jan. 1,
2017.

In a March 2 briefing by Senate leaders, MacKinnon released a poll of 4,000
Alaskans that showed 78 percent in favor of going off daylight savings time
changes.

"Every region, including Southeast, showed strong support for eliminating the
time change," MacKinnon said in the briefing.

Even business operators responding to the poll support the elimination of
daylight saving time, she said.

The main resistence for the proposal in the Senate has come from Sen. Dennis
Egan, D-Juneau, who says many of his constituents and the regional tourism
industry prefer longer periods of light in the evenings that wouldn't be
possible with daylight saving time.

"For us, it means it gets dark at 9 p.m.," when the spring time-change comes,
Egan said March 4.

One tourism operator said the shorter evening hours could cut as much as 30
percent of revenues from evening sightseeing flights and other activities for
tourists that are an add-on to cruise ship trips.

Before Alaska's time zones were unified in 1983, Southeast Alaska was on Pacific
time even though geographically it would be an hour earlier, as it is now,
because the Southeast panhandle is farther west than the Pacific Northwest.

In those days Anchorage and the Interior were two hours different than Southeast
and three hours off Seatttle, with Nome and Kotzebue one more hour earlier, or
three hours off Southeast and hours off Seattle.

In those days Yakutat, between Southeast and Southcentral, was Alaska's only
community on Yukon time, which was then one hour earlier than Juneau and one
hour later than Anchorage. Now Yukon is on Pacific time, which means clocks in
Whitehorse, Y.T. are set an hour later than Skagway, Haines and Juneau, which
are directly south but across the Alaska border.

Sen. Donny Olson, D-Nome, said he supports the elimination of daylight saving
time because it will enhance safety, creating more light for air taxi operators
for example.

"You can see where you're trying to land," he said.

Olson is a pilot and former air taxi operator.

On other issues, energy legislation is active in the state House. The House
Energy Committee, co-chaired by Rep. Liz Vazquez, R-Anchorage, and Rep. Jim
Colver, R-Palmer, has reported out House Bill 105, which changes existing state
law to allow the Interior Energy Project, the state-backed plan to get more
natural gas to Fairbanks, to purchase liquefied natural gas, or LNG, from any
region, meaning Southcentral Alaska, instead of just the North Slope.

Previously the Alaska Industrial Development and Export Authority, the state
development corporation, has worked with an investor, MWH Global, on a North
Slope LNG plant with the liquefied gas trucked down the Dalton Highway. Costs on
that plan turned out higher than expected.

In order for AIDEA to switch the project so LNG can be purchased from
Southcentral a change in the law is needed, which HB 105 accomplishes. Hilcorp
Energy and WesPac Midstream would like to supply gas or LNG to the Interior
through the AIDEA project. The bill also expands and updates AIDEA's limits for
all of its project and program financing.

The bill is now in the House Resources Committee but has long way to go in the
House, with referrals also to the Labor and Commerce and Finance Committees.

A similar bill in the Senate, Senate Bill 50, is in the Senate energy committee
and has seen no action. It has two other committee referrals there, to the
Resources and Finance committees.

Meanwhile, a bill dealing with electricity and utilities' purchases of power
from independent power producers is also before the House Energy Committee,
where it has become controversial.

Rep. Tammie Wilson, R-North Pole, is the sponsor of HB 78, which would provide a
standard for utilities in purchasing power from independent producers. A wind
power operator in Delta, Mike Craft, has been attempting to expand his project
and sell more power to Golden Valley Electric Cooperative, the Interior power
co-op, but has been blocked by GVEA's position in what the price should be.

Craft argues that utilities in Alaska should be required to base the price for
purchased power on their highest-cost unit that would be shut down if lower-cost
power, such as wind power, was purchased. Craft argues GVEA should shut down or
curtail operations at its oil-fired plant at North Pole if he can supply wind
power from Delta for less.

However, GVEA and other utilities say that existing law and regulations allow
them to offer a price based on their average cost among all sources of power,
which in GVEA's case would allow low-cost coal power and hydro to be averaged
into the formula.

This brings down the price at which the co-op would buy power for from an
independent producer. Craft said it is too low.

Purchases of power from independent power producers is common in all other
states and the price is set at the highest "avoided cost." Alaska is alone among
the state in allowing utilities to base their offers on the average cost.

Wilson argues the practice is basically anti-competitive, allowing the regulated
utilities a monopoly on power production, except for the state-owned Bradley
Lake hydro plant, by keeping out competition from independent producers like
Craft.

Utilities have pushed back against HB 78, however, arguing that the bill
indirectly imposes other costs of them. Hearings continued on the bill March 3
in the House committee. (See story, page 14)

Tim Bradner can be reached at tim.bradner@alaskajournal.com

___ (c)2015 the Alaska Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) Visit the Alaska
Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) at www.alaskajournal.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150304-JA-Walker-outburst-further-strains-relations-with-legislators-0304-2015
0304

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2015 Alaska Journal of Commerce


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                              June 6, 2004 Sunday

PEOPLE IN THE NEWS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1257 words


Two communication and media students at CAPITAL AREA CAREER CENTER recently
received awards at the Illinois Skills USA Radio Broadcast Competition. Bryce
Warner, a junior at Buffalo Tri-City High School, captured first place. Dustin
Eskew, a senior at Virden High School, took second place.

SAMANTHA CLARK and Aaron Meyer, both of Springfield, received scholarships from
ShopKo Stores Inc. Clark is the daughter of Robert and Gerrie Clark. Meyer is
the son of Arthur and Kathleen Meyer. KEVIN PETERS of Springfield, son of Lee
Peters and Holly Howe, recently graduated from Purdue University with a major in
aviation management. He works in revenue management with United Airlines in Des
Plaines.

CHARLIE CROWLEY completed the formal requirements of the pre-law scholars
program and has been admitted to Saint Louis University School of Law. He has
been named to the dean's list, recognized for outstanding scholarship and
service and was awarded lifetime membership in Alpha Sigma Nu National Jesuit
Honor Society. Crowley is spending a semester studying in the Netherlands at the
Maastricht Center for TransAtlantic Studies at Teikyo University in Holland. He
is the son of Charles and Janeen Crowley. He is a 2001 graduate of Sacred
Heart-Griffin High School.

ANGELA MCGEE, daughter of Bill and Connie McGee of Springfield, recently
graduated from Duke University Medical Center's Physician Assistant Program with
a master of health science degree. She earned her undergraduate degree in speech
and hearing science from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

MATTHEW VON BEHREN recently graduated cum laude from Saint Louis University and
was accepted into the Saint Louis University School of Law. He is the son of
Michael and Cheri von Behren. He is a 2000 graduate of Sacred Heart-Griffin.

MOLLIE CARTER recently graduated with a Doctor of Medicine Degree from the David
Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA. She recently was inducted into Alpha Omega
Alpha, a national honor society for medical students. She will complete her
residency in plastic and reconstructive surgery at UCLA. Carter is the daughter
of Tony and Judy Carter of Dade City, Fla., formerly of Springfield. She is a
1994 graduate of Springfield High School and a graduate of Vanderbilt
University.

LINDSAY TRANQUILLI, daughter of Barbara Race and Kenneth Race, both of
Springfield, recently graduated from Saint Louis College of Pharmacy. She has
accepted a position as a pharmacist with Shop 'n Save Pharmacy in St. Louis.

DREW WALTON, son of Richard and Mary Ellen Walton of Springfield, recently
graduated from Concordia University in River Forest with a bachelor's degree in
psychology and sociology. He is a member of the Psychology National Honor
Society, Psi Chi, and the Sociology National Honor Society, Alpha Kappa Delta.
He is a 2000 graduate of Lutheran High School.

ZACHARY RADWINE, piano student of Jean Vitale, took second place in the state
piano competition in Bloomington. Radwine is a senior at Springfield High
School.

ERIK TARABA recently graduated from Springfield College in Illinois and enlisted
with the U.S. Marine Corps. He is the son of Kurt and Debbie Taraba. He is a
2002 graduate of Calvary Academy.

JESSE LAUCHNER of Denver recently graduated magna cum laude and as an honors
scholar with a bachelor of science in business administration with a
concentration in computer information systems from Colorado State University. He
has accepted a job with Hitachi Consulting as a business consultant. He is the
son of David and Judy Lauchner of Springfield. He is a 2000 graduate of
Springfield High School.

Bank of Springfield and WSEC-TV announced the winners for ART ENCOURAGEMENT 2004
COLORING CONTEST winners are:

Kindergarten and younger: Rahmah Ahmad, first place, Vachel Lindsay Elementary
School; Doug Zyznievski, second, Lindsay Elementary; Makayla Ewing, third, Hazel
Dell;

First and second grade: Cassidy Bruns, Hazel Dell; Cale Bergschneider, Vachel
Lindsay Elementary; Amalia Gitosuputro, Springfield Ball Charter;

Third and fourth grade: Alice Zavelsky, first and grand prize, Joey Norwood II,
second, Vachel Lindsay Elementary; Nathan Davis, third, Sandburg Elementary;

Fifth and sixth grade: Alexandria Rockford, first place, Springfield Ball
Charter; Brett Long, second, Jane Addams School; Kaitlyn Williams, Lee School.

Winners of the art contest were:

First and second grade: Samantha Mackey, first place, Iles Elementary School;
Jake Jensen, second, Sandburg Elementary; Julie Dierker, third, Springfield Ball
Charter;

Third and fourth grade: Beck Field, first, Butler Elementary School;

Fifth and sixth grade: Ashley Grinder, first and grand prize, Iles Elementary
School; Tori Flock, second, Springfield Ball Charter; Kristopher James, third,
Butler Elementary.

ANNA BALES of Springfield has been inducted into the National Society of
Collegiate Scholars at Illinois State University. She is the daughter of Brad
and Troilea Bales. She is and a graduate of Lutheran High School.

The following ILLINOIS COLLEGE students have been named to the Academic Honor
Guard: Jacqueline Manker, Carl Backstrom, Booraya Takerngrangsarit, Paul
Vasilko, Elisabeth McGinnis and Daniel Brogdon, all of Jacksonville; Elizabeth
Weisner of Greenfield; Leevia Hamilton of Franklin; Martin Kuhn of New Berlin;
Michael Brinton of Nokomis; Elizabeth Ladage of Pawnee; Helen White and Chad
Kassube, both of Springfield; and Dustin Damery of Taylorville.

The following winners were named in a SAFETY POSTER CONTEST sponsored by the
Order of United Commercial Travelers of America, Jacksonville Council 182: Upper
level: Amanda DeHeve, first place, 11th grade, Auburn High School; Middle level:
Jonathan Jones, first place, sixth grade, Auburn Middle School; Lower level:
Russell Michelich, first place, fourth grade, Auburn Elementary School; Matthew
Walker, second place, fourth grade, Auburn Elementary School, Tyler True, third
place, fifth grade, South Jacksonville Elementary School; and Marissa Robinson,
fourth place, third grade, Auburn Elementary School.

EMILY REYNOLDS of Springfield and Clark Kays of Staunton were named Robert G.
Bone Scholars at Illinois State University.

SARAH STRUBBE of Chapin recently graduated from Concordia University in Mequon,
Wis., with a degree in elementary education.

ADAM KOHLRUS recently graduated summa cum laude from Springfield College in
Illinois, where he was a member of Who's Who Among Junior College Students. He
is the son of Chris and Betsy Kohlrus. He is a graduate of Sacred Heart-Griffin
High School.

EVAN DAVIS of Midwest Rehabilitation Inc. in Springfield recently earned a
master's degree in business administration from the University of Illinois at
Springfield. He received a master's degree in physical science from Washington
University in St. Louis in 1997 and joined Midwest Rehabilitation Inc. in 2000.
Davis specializes in evaluation and treatment of orthopedic injuries.

CASEY NEWMAN of Springfield recently graduated from Southwest Missouri State
University with a bachelor of science degree.

DEBRA CUNNINGHAM of Carrollton and Mary Haskell of Springfield recently
graduated from the University of Illinois at Chicago College of Nursing, Peoria
Regional Program.

The following NORTHERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY students were named to the
outstanding student honor roll: Heather Otto of Lincoln; Laura Zubal of Mount
Olive; Jessica King of Springfield; and Travis Kershaw and Trevor Kershaw, both
of Virden.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2004 The State Journal-Register


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright © 1995, American Health Lawyers Association,
                              Journal of Health Law

                           March, 1995 / April, 1995

                         Vol. 28, No. 2, HOSPLW Pg. 121

LENGTH: 1056 words

TITLE: INSURANCE

TEXT:

   Bleday v. OUM Group, 645 A.2d 1358 (Pa. Super Ct. 1994). The Superior Court
of Pennsylvania found a "deems expedient" provision did not convey to an
insurance company an absolute right to settle a claim within the policy limits
when such settlement would be contrary to the intent and expectation of the
parties, but ruled plaintiffs failed to sufficiently plead a claim of bad faith.

   Calhoun v. Complete Health, 860 F. Supp. 1494 (S.D. Ala. 1994). The United
States District Court for the Southern District of Alabama found defendant
insurer's denial of coverage for plaintiff claimant's bone marrow transplant
following chemotherapy was arbitrary and capricious because the plan excluded
transplants, other than kidney and cornea, but included chemotherapy, and
plaintiff would not have been likely to survive chemotherapy without the
reintroduction of her own bone marrow.

   Delta Dent. Plan of Ca. v. Banasky, 33 Cal. Rptr. 2d 381 (Cal. Ct. App.
1994). The Court of Appeal of California, held defendants dentists were entitled
to judicial review of plaintiff plan's determination of usual, customary, and
reasonable fees for certain dental procedures.  The court held plaintiff was
required to provide defendants with fair procedure, and despite plaintiff's
membership procedures which specified an internal decision was "final and
binding", said decision was reviewable by way of administrative mandamus.

   Employer's Mut. Co. v. "Oppidan," 518 N.W.2d 33 (Minn. 1994). The Supreme
Court of Minnesota held plaintiff insurer was not required to provide coverage
to defendant home for the mentally retarded for physical injuries incurred by
defendant's failure to assist a resident in filling a prescription for epilepsy
medication where plaintiff granted a policy covering bodily injury but denying
coverage to an insured engaged in the business of furnishing or dispensing
drugs.

   Fairview Hosp. & Health Care Servs. v. St. Paul Fire & Marine Ins. Co., 518
N.W.2d 41 (Minn. Ct. App. 1994). The Court of Appeals of Minnesota found a
genuine issue of material fact existed in plaintiff hospital's claim for
indemnity and defense for environmental response costs from plaintiff insurer.
Additionally, the court concluded plaintiff's expert testimony concluding
environmental damage had occurred during the period of the insurance policy was
sufficient to preclude summary judgment for defendant.

   Klosterman v. Westerman Gen. Mgt., 32 F.3d 1119 (7th Cir., 1994). Summary
judgement was granted in favor of defendant third party administrator where
plaintiff's complaint was brought pursuant to ERISA for the recovery of medical
expenses incurred for the treatment of their son.  The United States Court of
Appeals for the Seventh Circuit held a plan administrator could not be held
responsible for inaccuracies in the summary plan description, and lacked the
discretionary authority required to establish a breach of fiduciary duty.

   LaTorre v. Connecticut Mut. Life Ins. Co., 38 F.3d 538 (11th Cir. 1994). The
United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit affirmed the district
court's grant of summary judgment to plaintiff beneficiary's attempt to recover
under a life insurance policy from defendant insurance company.  The court held
the commencement of defendant's two-year contestability limitation was
ambiguously defined by the policy and ambiguities in insurance contracts would
be resolved in favor of the insured and against the insurer.

   Lutheran Med. Ctr. v. Contractors, 25 F.3d 616 (8th Cir. 1994). The United
States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit affirmed the district court's
holding the assignment to plaintiffs medical center and physician of the right
to sue for benefits was permissible and the denial of benefits for suicide
related services was an abuse of discretion by defendant health and welfare plan
trustees.  Applying the "arbitrary and capricious" standard, the court found the
plan failed to articulate suicide attempts arising from a mental disorder would
be excluded from coverage and thus, violated ERISA requirements.

   Meier v. Malewski, 648 A.2d 595 (Pa. Commw. Ct. 1994). The Commonwealth Court
of Pennsylvania addressed plaintiffs' assertion that defendants violated the
state's Health Care Services Malpractice Act by failing to reduce the Medical
Professional Liability Catastrophic Loss Fund's (Fund) year-end balance to the $
15,000,000 statutory buffer and held the law was uncertain as to whether section
701(e)(1) of the Act placed a statutory cap on the Fund's year-end balance.

   Pro Cardiaco Pronto Socorro Cardiologica S.A. v. Trussell, 863 F. Supp. 135
(S.D.N.Y. 1994). The United States District Court for the Southern District of
New York granted plaintiff's motion for summary judgement holding defendant
insurer had an obligation upon notice of assignment to pay the insurance
proceeds directly to defendant foreign hospital, not decedent's estate.

   Reed v. American Express, 863 F. Supp. 1572 (S.D. Fla. 1994). The United
States District Court for the Southern District of Florida denied defendants
insurer and administrator's motion for summary judgement finding a genuine issue
of material fact existed concerning defendant's self-interest.  The court found
a conflict of interest appeared to exist, because defendant was both the
administrator and party liable for claims.

   Saltarelli v. Bob Baker Group Med. Trust, 35 F.3d 382 (9th Cir. 1994). The
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, adopting the reasonable
expectations principle interpretation of ERISA-governed insurance contracts,
affirmed a district court's holding a pre-existing condition exclusion was
unenforceable and defendant insurer was liable for plaintiff's medical expenses.
The court noted the exclusion was not clear, plain, and conspicuous enough to
negate a layman's reasonable expectations of coverage.

   Texas Farmers Ins. Co. v. Gerdes, 880 S.W.2d 215 (Tex. Ct. App. 1994). The
Court of Appeals of Texas held a nonassignment clause contained in an insurance
contract was valid and defendant third-party beneficiary was barred from
assigning her rights.  The court ruled a third-party beneficiary "steps into the
shoes" of the insured and cannot claim greater rights than those afforded to the
insured.


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                          September 22, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Hurricane Katrina Disaster Relief

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 2583  words


Help for Evacuees Family Life Center: A grant has been given to this
organization for victims of hurricanes, Jeanne, Frances, Ivan and Katrina.
Individuals can ask for assistance in rent, utilities, relocation and temporary
housing. Also offering Crisis Counseling in Volusia and Flagler counties and
emergency shelter for victims of domestic/sexual violence. Address: P.O. Box
2058, Bunnell, FL 32110; or (386) 437-7610; Hotlines: (386) 437-3505 or (800)
500-1119.Free long distace calling: For Hurricane Katrina victims. Florida
Capital 1 Mortgage, Palm Harbor Shopping Village, Palm Coast.

(386) 447- 3065.Gas vouchers: For Hurricane Katrina victims. First Baptist
Church, 300 N. Central Ave., Flagler Beach. (386) 439-3834.Goodwill: Each
evacuee of Hurricane Katrina will receive $30 worth of clothing at the Palm
Coast Goodwill, 20 Cypress Point Parkway, Palm Coast. (386) 445-4259. How to
Help TO DONATE BLOODAmerican Red Cross: To donate blood, visit the Daytona
Donation Center, 341 White St., from 7:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Thursdays-Saturdays
and noon to 7 p.m. Mondays- Wednesdays; New Smyrna Beach location, Thursday from
10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at Riverside National Bank, 1811 State Road 44, New Smyrna
Beach (386) 428-3926. To donate money, mail a check to American Red Cross,
Hurricane Relief Fund, P.O. Box 97089, Washington, D.C. 20090-7089. Please
indicate where the funds should be directed to in the For section. (386)
226-1400.Florida Blood Centers: To donate blood: 1440 Nova Road, Suite 204,
Holly Hill, Monday and Wednesday from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m., Tuesday and Thursday
from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., and Friday from 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. (386) 258-1910; or at
1730 S. Woodland Blvd., DeLand, Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 9 a.m. to 5
p.m. and Tuesday and Thursday from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. (386) 734-4447. TO
GIVEUnited Way Hurricane Katrina Response Fund: Make checks to United Way of
America with Hurricane Katrina Fund in the memo line to: United Way of America,
P.O. Box 630568, Baltimore, MD 21263-0568, or call, (800) 272-4630.Central
Conference of the African Methodist Episcopal Church: The Rev. Vincent F.
Mitchell is sponsoring this A.M.E. hurricane disaster relief project with 81
churches with 11 counties participating. The local drop off is at 580 George W.
Engram Blvd., Daytona Beach. The event will take place Wednesday through Friday
from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Info: (386) 255-1195 for a list of items to bring.City of
Palm Coast: Make checks payable to City of Palm Coast Katrina Relief Fund and
present to Cypress Coquina Bank, 21 Cypress Point Parkway, Palm Coast or at any
Palm Coast City office. Contributions may be charged on a credit card at the
City Hall cashiers office, 2 Commerce Blvd., Palm Coast, or by sending an e-
mail to Ray Britt at rbritt@ci.palm-coast.fl.us The e-mail should include the
name on the account, the billing address, account number, expiration date and
the amount of the contribution.Craigs Eyewear: Collections are being made at
Craigs Eyewear, 50 Cypress Point Parkway, Palm Coast. Donations will be
forwarded to Second Harvest Food Bank, 320 North St., Daytona Beach, for
hurricane disaster relief aid. Info: (386) 446-2020.Edgewater Self Storage: Has
space available for storing and sorting supplies for anyone or any organization
collecting supplies for Katrina victims. (386) 427- 3999.Finnegans Pub and The
Boot Hill Saloon: Have coordinated efforts to collect items for donation to
Hurricane Katrina victims. Drop off at Finnegans, 101 N. State Road A1A, Flagler
Beach or Finnegans, 3121 S. Ridgewood Ave., South Daytona, or The Boot Hill,
1081 N. U.S. 1, Ormond Beach, or The Boot Hill, 310 Main St., Daytona Beach. For
pick up, call (386) 439-7755 or (386) 931-7403. Monetary donations may be made
to the Salvation Army.Flagler County Chamber of Commerce: Accepting donations at
20 Airport Road, Bunnell. Call (386) 437- 0106.Flagler Palm Coast High School
Key Club: Collecting school supplies for shipment to the Baton Rouge, La. school
district. Flagler County Schools are adopting the Baton Rouge district that has
been flooded with pupils from the Hurricane affected areas.Florida Health Care
Plan: Drop off canned goods, blankets, clothes, toiletry items and new socks and
underwear. 21 Florida Park Drive, Palm Coast. Call (386) 446-9802.Jewish
Federation of Volusia & Flagler Counties: Money is being accepted from 7:30 a.m.
to 6 p.m. weekdays at 470 Andalusia Ave., Ormond Beach, FL 32174. (386)
672-0294.The Make It- Take Program: The Make It-Take It program of Adult
Education, Flagler County Schools, The Disabled American Veterans, The Marine
Corps League and The Institute for the Study of Digital Inclusion are collecting
used computers to donate to victims of Hurricane Katrina and affected school
districts in the Baton Rouge area. The machines will be shipped to help the
Baton Rouge school district with the enormous influx of evacuees who are now in
their area. Donations are tax deductible. Computers may be dropped off at The
DAV, 6th Street South, Flagler Beach, between 9 a.m. and noon, Monday through
Friday. If possible, please clean personal information from the computers. If
you wish this to be done for you, notify either Veronica Maggs at Adult Ed,
(386) 446-7612 or Finley Hall at the DAV, (386) 439-2122 or the Marine Corps
League at (386) 586-0276.New Smyrna Beach Board of Realtors: Collecting items
for Katrina evacuees and for people responding in search and rescue missions.
Drop off at any local real estate office.Ormond Beach Police Department: A
collection is being taken for officers working to restore communities devastated
by hurricane Katrina. Collections are from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. at The Ormond Beach
Police Department, 170 W. Granada Blvd., Ormond Beach, FL 32170 or the Ormond
Beach Police Athletic League, 194 Central Ave., Ormond Beach, FL 32170. Info:
(386) 676-3526 or (386) 676- 3505.Palm Coast Furniture: 1 Industry Drive in Palm
Coast is a drop off site for VolunteerFlorida.org. They are accepting
non-perishable food, hygiene products, baby products and clothes for Hurricane
Katrina victims. Call (386) 447-1820.Palm Coast Abstract and Title: Clean,
folded clothing and shoes. Drop off at 19 Old Kings Road North. Call John
Reardon at (386) 445-0820.Palm Coast-Flagler County Alumnae Chapter of Delta
Sigma Theta Sorority Inc.: Make contributions payable to Delta Research and
Educational Foundation, earmarked for DSTS Hurricane Katrina Relief Fund. Mail
to Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc., Palm Coast-Flagler County A.C., P.O. Box
352835, Palm Coast, FL 32135-2835. For more information, call Margaret Dodson-
Hatcher, chapter president, (386) 517-7002.Professional Caddies
Association-Michael Bolton-World Mentorship Program: Sponsoring the Flagler
County effort for the Gulf Coast victims. Purchase Sams Club or Wal-Mart gift
cards and mail them to Mission Harvest, P.O. Box 551065, Jacksonville, FL
32255-1065. Call (904) 356-4819. Use Paypal.com to make donations to
missionh@bellsouth.net For more information, long on to
http://missionlogistics.org/.Salvation Army: Monetary donations may be made from
8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. weekdays at 1555 LPGA Blvd., Daytona Beach, FL 32117.
(386) 236-2020.United Ways First Call for Help: To find other local
organizations seeking donations, call (386) 253-0563 or (877) 253-9010. FOR
PETSFinding Pets: www.petfinder.org.PetsMart: PetsMart Charities has organized a
nationwide hurricane relief effort for injured, lost or abandoned pets. Make
tax-deductible donations at, 1900 W. International Speedway Blvd., Daytona
Beach; or online at: www.petsmartcharities.org. (386) 254-7555.Pawrrific Pets:
4882 Palm Coast Parkway N.W. in Palm Coast is currently accepting donations on
behalf of The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals to
assist with the many displaced animals affected by Hurricane Katrina. Call (386)
445-2556.Silly Willies: Collecting items for abandoned pets. Donations and
monetary donations will go to the Humane Society of the United States. Location:
221 Flagler Ave., New Smyrna Beach. Help Lines FEMA: (800) 621-3362 or
www.fema.gov .Flagler County Dept. of Health: (386) 437-7350.Red Cross: (800)
435- 7669 or local (386) 226-1400. Location to register for aide is on White
Street in Daytona Beach.EBT Cards: Louisiana State Office (866) 344-8304;
Mississippi (866) 449-9488; and Alabama(800) 997- 8868.Employment: Workforce
Development One Stop Career (386) 740- 3266 or www.jobsearch.org/katrinajobs
.Find Loved Ones: www.redcross.org or (877)-568-3317.Find Pets:
www.petfinder.org .Flagler Volunteer Services: The non-profit agency needs to
know who the families already here are; needs temporary housing such as hotels
or rentals willing to waive multiple month deposits; household items furniture,
clothing, kitchen, food; there may be a need for cars; employment opportunities;
money for deposits to turn on utilities; persons with trucks willing to haul;
dedicated and skilled individuals willing to coordinate this project. Call (386)
439-7449 or e-mail flaglerrsvp@yahoo.com.Goodwill: A location for clothing, 1577
N. Nova Road, Holly Hill, FL 32117.Housing: www.hurricanehousing.org or
www.shareyourhome.org .Community Legal Services of Mid-Florida: (386) 328-8361.
cqMedical Assistance Flagler County: (386) 586-2324.State of Florida Department
of Children and Families: Hurricane Katrina evacuees who received food stamp
benefits in their home states can now access food stamps for hot food in all 67
counties throughout Florida. (866) 762-2237.St. Johns Community Action: (386)
437-0392.Unemployment Filing: Florida - (866) 352- 2345; Alabama - (866)
234-5382; Louisiana (800) 818- 7811 or www.laworks.net ; and Mississippi (800)
204-2418.United Way: For long distance disaster missing family members call
(888) 363-2769 or (847) 709-6700. Florida Department of Children and Families
http:// www.dcf.state.fl.us/homelessness/tanf.shtmlVolusia and Flagler County
Health: Volusia County www.volusiahealth.com or http:// www.myflorida.com (386)
274-0831, Volusia County Health Department, 1845 Holsonback Drive, Daytona
Beach, FL 32114; Flagler County Department of Health (386) 437-7350; Medical
Assistance Flagler County (386) 586-2324; or Medicaid Provider Flagler Beach
Pharmacy (386) 439-4882.Volusia County Health Department: Health care hotline,
(866) 300-2657, www.volusiahealth.com, or www.myflorida.com. Events to Attend
THIS MONTHBoot Hill North: On Saturday from noon to 5 p.m. the Boot Hill North,
1081 N. U.S. 1, Ormond Beach, will be having a Benefit Bike Wash with 100
percent of the proceeds going to the Red Cross Hurricane Relief Fund. (386)
673-6996.Blood Drive: In conjunction with the Red Cross, Bodez by Tasso & Co.
health club, 1140 W. Granada Blvd., Ormond Beach, will set up a blood donor
station in its parking lot from 4 to 7 p.m. Friday and 8 a.m. to noon, Saturday.
Clothes, canned goods and other non-perishables may be dropped off at Bodez and
also to St. Demetrios Greek Orthodox Church, 129 N. Halifax Ave., Daytona
Beach.I Dig DeLand: Jazz Concert for Hurricane Relief featuring Thom Chambers
Quartet and guests the DeLand Middle and High schools marching bands. The event
is Sunday at 3 p.m. at the DeLand Middle School Auditorium, 1400 S. Aquarius
Ave., DeLand. Donations will be accepted at the door. (386) 734- 4097.Loveces
Italian Restaurant: A benefit Pasta for People to aid Katrina victims will take
place Monday from noon to 6 p.m. at 1064 Ocean Shore Blvd., Ormond-by-the-Sea.
The cost is $10 and will consist of spaghetti, garlic bread and soft drink or
wine. Proceeds will go to the Red Cross. (386) 441-3777.Port Orange Family Days:
Collections of supplies and monetary donations will be accepted for the relief
effort of people in the Long Beach area of Mississippi. Make tax-deductible
donations to the Port Orange Community Trust, 5656 Isabelle Ave., Suite 12, Port
Orange, FL 32127. 100 percent of all donations will go to providing assistance
to citizens of Long Beach. Non-perishables may be brought to Family Days at the
City Center from Sept. 29 to Oct. 2. Thursday and Friday contributions may be
dropped off at the City Centers Amphitheater. Saturday and Sunday tents will be
set up at the main entrances. Info: (386) 566-4109. NEXT MONTHLegends in
Concert: Oct. 1, noon to 5 p.m., benefit concert for the victims of Hurricane
Katrina. The show will feature impersonators from Flagler County including the
Blues Brothers, Elvis, Dean Martin, Cher, Patsy Cline, Garth Brooks, Doris Day
and more. Donations will be collected. A blood drive will be in operation from
10 a.m. to 5 p.m. St. Mark by the Sea Lutheran Church, 303 Palm Coast Parkway
North East. For information, call (386) 445- 3420.Dancing with the Stars:
Hurricane Katrina fundraising dance presented by Palm Coast Dance Club; formal
to semi-formal event on Oct. 2 features ballroom, swing and Latin music; 5-6
p.m. dance workshop and pre-dance social; 6 p.m. dance, Veterans of Foreign Wars
Post 8696, 47 Old Kings Road, Palm Coast. $15; reservations required. (386)
439-4569.Ormond Memorial Art Museum and Gardens: Hurricane Katrina Relief Art
Sale is from noon to 4 p.m. Oct. 2 at the museum, 78 E. Granada Blvd., Ormond
Beach. Original photography, oil paintings and watercolor paintings will be
available. All proceeds will go to the Red Cross. (386) 566-2098.Palm Coast
Dance Club: Oct. 2 event Dancing with the Stars hurricane relief fundraiser.
Formal to semi-formal. Ballroom/Swing/Latin music. Free dance workshop and pre-
dance social, 5 to 6 p.m. Country Two-Step instructed by Marilyn and Bill
Helman. Dancing begins at 6 p.m. Members and guests $15 each. Hors Doeuvres.
Cash bar. Reservations required. Call David and Peggy Stacy, (386) 439-4569 or
email pstacy48@yahoo.com Palm Coast VFW, 47 Old Kings Road North, Palm
Coast.Rotary Club of Flagler Beach and Toni and Mark Treworgy: Oct. 2 from 4 to
7 p.m., rain date Oct. 9, Coastal Portraits from Maine to the Bahamas,
fundraiser art show by Toni Treworgy for the victims of Hurricane Katrina at
Island Cottage by the Sea and Tropical Breeze Cafe, 2316 S. Oceanshore Blvd.,
Flagler Beach. Refreshments and hors doeuvres. Also collecting used items in
good condition, food items and money. (386) 439- 8998.Frappes North: On Oct. 5,
Frappes North restaurant, 123 W. Granada Blvd., Ormond Beach, in conjunction
with the Red Cross will be participating in Dine for America. All of the profits
for the day will be donated to Hurricane Katrina victims. Monetary donations
also accepted. (386) 615-4888.Habitat for Humanity: An Oct. 5 fundraiser to
benefit Habitat for Humanity is scheduled from 5 p.m. to 10 p.m. at Merks Bar
and Grill, 193 N. Causeway, New Smyrna Beach. (386) 427- 1177.Custom Works: A
Red Cross Benefit Party to help Hurricane Katrina victims will take place Oct. 8
beginning at 10 a.m. at Custom Works, 806 N. Beach St., Daytona Beach. Artwork
by Chad Chambers will be featured. Free food, drinks, giveaways, music. (386)
257-1300; www.customworksdaytona.com.*NOTE: Beware of any spam or unsolicited e-
mails asking for contributions, Social Security numbers, credit cards or other
personal information. In a phishing scam, e-mails may link to another Web site
that looks similar to legitimate charity sites. More donation tips are available
at http://www.give.org/news/ disaster_tips.asp.For a complete list of donor
sites and local fundraising events, visit: www.news-journalonline.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2005 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2005 News-Journal Corporation


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           January 18, 2014 Saturday
                            British_Columbia Edition

A big business grow op; Communities across Canada prepare for wave of marijuana
investment

BYLINE: Brian Hutchinson, National Post

SECTION: CANADA; In Vancouver; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 1986 words

DATELINE: Vancouver


Brendan Kennedy doesn't fit the stereotypical image of a marijuana grower.
Neither do his two partners at Privateer Holdings Inc., a Seattle-based venture
capital firm. They are former software executives, all armed with MBAs. Mr.
Kennedy, who is Privateer's chief executive, and Michael Blue, his chief
financial officer, were schooled at Yale.

They've worked with Disney Co., Microsoft Corp. and Nextel Communications Corp.
Now they're risking millions of dollars on pot, and the corporatization of weed.
Privateer has recently made marijuanarelated investments in its home state of
Washington, where adults may now legally possess cannabis for recreational use,
and where wholesale production and retail store sales will begin this year. But
Privateer's involvement in Washington is peripheral, limited to companies that
service marijuana growers and provide consumers with information.

"We don't invest in U.S. companies that touch the product directly," says Mr.
Kennedy, noting the existing conflicts in state and federal law. They are not so
shy about Canada. Privateer's boldest, most hands-on investment is just a
40-minute flight north of Seattle, in pot-friendly Nanaimo, B.C.

Six weeks from now, the three Seattle sharpshooters expect they' ll have hired
40 full-time workers from around the province. They'll be growing, processing
and packaging for sale medical-grade marijuana inside a $3-million,
35,000-square-foot warehouse on the Nanaimo waterfront, next to a pulp and paper
mill and just down the road from a BC Ferries terminal.

Privateer's new Canadian subsidiary purchased the building this month. Mr.
Kennedy expects to spend another $6.5-million to $7-million on capital
improvements, including equipment required to raise potent marijuana plants. The
venture capitalists might never have come to Nanaimo - or even considered
crossing the border - had they not been encouraged by the Canadian government.

On April 1, rules governing medical marijuana production in this country will
dramatically change. No longer will the 37,000 Canadians currently licensed to
possess cannabis for medicinal use be permitted to grow their own, or purchase
from small-scale producers, as they've allowed since 2001. Come April, medical
marijuana users must buy directly from commercial-sized, profit-seeking
operations authorized to grow and sell pot by Health Canada, in accordance with
strict new regulations. Patients will still need a document signed by a
health-care practitioner to buy medical weed, but they will no longer require a
Health Canada permit.

Health Canada cited a number of reasons to favour regulatory reform, in a
lengthy analysis it prepared in 2012. It noted that recent Canadian court
decisions supported its own position, "that dried marijuana for medical purposes
should be produced and distributed as much as possible in the same manner as a
medication." The analysis mentioned that under the old system, registered users
"generally dislike the application process, and the fact that only a single
strain of marijuana is available for purchase."

It also raised issues around security and safety for patients who grow their
own: "The potential for diversion of marijuana to the illicit market due to
limited security requirements, the risk of violent home invasion by criminals
attempting to steal marijuana, fire hazards due to faulty or overloaded
electricity installation to accommodate high-intensity lighting for its
cultivation, and humidity and poor air quality."

For the new producers, the stakes are high. By Health Canada's own estimate, the
number of licensed medical marijuana consumers will increase almost tenfold in
the next decade, to approximately 309,000, as more evidence about the drug's
efficacy emerges, and more doctors become willing to prescribe it to patients.
Health Canada estimates that by 2024, the "legal marijuana supply industry" may
have annual revenue of $1.3-billion.

There's going to be money in legitimate marijuana for Canadian municipalities as
well; licensed producers authorized under Health Canada's new Marihuana for
Medical Purposes Regulations (MMPR) will grow, process and package dried
cannabis from secure facilities, such as the one Privateer is re-fitting in
Nanaimo. Each operation will purchase local power. They will pay local business
taxes. They will each require dozens of employees, from white-collar executives
to horticulturalists and botanists to security staff.

It's no wonder that communities across Canada are preparing for a wave of
legitimate marijuana investment, and are rewriting local zoning regulations to
accommodate the big operators. Charlottetown, Hamilton, Edmonton, Surrey and
dozens of places in between are all getting ready for a potential green rush.

Privateer scoured the country for an appropriate grow-op location. The search
led them all over Ontario, across the Prairies and into B.C. One town offered up
tax breaks and other incentives. The town of Kapuskasing, in Northern Ontario,
sent Privateer a package describing potential grants and loans, and touting its
"relatively remote location," its "potential access to source of CO2 to enhance
cannabis production," and its "planned research greenhouse that could complement
a company's needs."

Nanaimo wasn't "actively looking" to land a business in the medical marijuana
sector, says Nanaimo Economic Development Corp. CEO Sasha Angus, but Privateer
liked what the city had to offer. The Americans seemed to know their stuff, and
they impressed local authorities with their buttondown approach to business.
"These are not your Cheech and Chong type characters," says Mr. Angus. "They are
Ivy League."

Other communities don't share the enthusiasm for licensed grow ops. A number of
local governments in B.C.'s Lower Mainland, including Abbotsford and Delta, has
decided they want nothing to do with them, Health Canada-approved or not.
Delta's municipal staff are drafting bylaw amendments that would ban the
production, processing and sale of medical pot. A similar prohibition is under
consideration in Abbotsford, which has more than its share of drug-related
crime.

Some current medical marijuana consumers are uneasy, too, especially those who
would rather continue buying their product from small, local growers, or
cultivating their own. Under the new rules coming into effect on April 1, only
dried cannabis may be offered for sale, and it must be mailed or couriered
directly from the authorized producer to the customer, in child-proof bottles.
Patients who prefer to ingest marijuana orally will have to make their own
extracts and tinctures. They will be permitted to possess a maximum of 150 grams
of dried marijuana, or 30 times their daily dose, whichever is less.

Lawsuits have been filed in Ontario and B.C.; plaintiffs are hoping to stop
Health Canada's new MMPR from being fully implemented. "My clients have all
learned how to grow marijuana properly and in accordance to their requirements,
for about $1 to $4 a gram," says John Conroy, a B.C.-based lawyer who is helping
four licensed marijuana users challenge the MMPR on constitutional grounds.
"They have a right to produce their own medicine," says Mr. Conroy.

Others say the new rules will improve - even revolutionize - cannabis production
in Canada, and will benefit most consumers. While the market won't be completely
unfettered, patients will be able to shop around and compare myriad varieties of
marijuana that producers have made for sale. Quality and consistency will be
assured, thanks to strict production controls. And the authorized licensed
producers will have to compete for business; that should keep prices down.

"Once it's fully mature, the new system will benefit patients tremendously,"
says Ron Marzel, a Toronto lawyer and marijuana advocate. "But in the short
term, I think there will be a huge shortage of product."

He notes that under the system being phased out, Canada's medical marijuana
patients were licensed to consume 190,000 kilograms of dried cannabis last year.
About 60% of medicinal pot was grown by the licensed users themselves.

Can all that marijuana be replaced, quickly, by the new mega-farms? The federal
government says it can. While it has received "more than 400" authorized
licensed producer applications from hopeful companies and individuals, Health
Canada says it has approved only eight. And just four of the successful
applicants "are ready to register clients," according to a department spokesman.

Those include Saskatoon-based CanniMed Ltd., a subsidiary of Prairie Plant
Systems Inc., the only private company contracted by Health Canada to grow
marijuana under the old regulations. Prairie Plant Systems supplied about 20% of
licensed patients in Canada with their marijuana. Now it must battle for market
share.

"Health Canada is monitoring producers closely," a department spokesman said in
response to questions from the National Post this week. "We remain confident
that there will be adequate production levels under the [MMPR]."

But according to Privateer CEO Brendan Kennedy, Health Canada officials "seemed
very worried about production levels" in meetings they held seven months ago.
The feds anticipated a supply shortfall and a dearth of qualified producers, he
recalls.

"Health Canada had valid concerns" about the authorized license applications
they were receiving last year, says Mr. Kennedy. Many displayed a "lack of
sophistication" about the medical marijuana industry, or had a "lack of
capital," he says. The department "was concerned about the ability of new
licence holders to meet demand."

With all that in mind, the federal government actively encouraged his venture
capital firm to invest in the Canadian medical marijuana trade, says Mr.
Kennedy.

"We went to Toronto in June 2013 to meet with Health Canada and they asked us to
work with some of the applicants investing in Canada," he recalls.

"They asked if we'd be interested in meeting with applicants who needed funding.
I believe that Health Canada reached out to us. They asked us to come to
Canada."

Asked if Health Canada has ever encouraged parties outside the country to invest
in new MMPR facilities, a department spokesman answered that "all of the
discussions between Health Canada and those interested in becoming licensed
producers are confidential.... Health Canada does not provide business advice."

In fact, Privateer wasn't the only foreign firm attracted to Canada for the new
medical marijuana laws. Among the eight successful MMPR applicants to date is
Toronto-based Bedrocan Canada Inc., a creation of Bedrocan BV, a
well-established marijuana producer from Holland. Bedrocan Canada and Bedrocan
BV are in a "joint venture" to produce and sell medical grade marijuana in
Canada.

Under the MMPR, producers must be headquartered in Canada "or operate a branch
office in Canada and whose officers are all adults." Privateer created its own
Nanaimobased subsidiary - called Lafitte Ventures Ltd. - and expects to begin
hiring soon.

They've got their local permits, and blessing from municipal authorities.
They've been closely scrutinized and fingerprinted by the RCMP. The Seattle
entrepreneurs are now waiting for final approvals and permits from Health
Canada. Should they receive the green light, they should be up and growing in
March, just ahead of the April 1 rule change.

Mr. Kennedy acknowledges that he and his partners have taken some risk, spending
millions on infrastructure before obtaining a license to grow and to sell.
They've already worked with branding and marketing experts to come up with a
product name, Tilray, and an array "standard and seasonal" marijuana strains
they' ll produce for sale. These include "Bubba Kush," "White Widow," and "Lemon
Haze," names already familiar to aficionados.

And they already have two more Canadian locations in mind, one in B.C., the
other in southern Ontario.

bhutchinson@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy Of Cannimed; A CanniMed staffer tests marijuana plants.
CanniMed is the only private company contracted by Health Canada to grow
marijuana under old regulations.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright 2017 LexisNexis, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.,
                              All Rights Reserved
                     LexisNexis® Corporate Affiliations[TM]

                                 March 27, 2017

                   Central European Distribution Corporation

                            3000 Atrium Way Ste 265
                            Mount Laurel,  NJ 08054
                                 United States


MSA: 37980 - Philadelphia-Camden-Wilmington, PA-NJ-DE-MD

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (856) 273-6980
URL: www.cedc.com
E-MAIL: info@cedc.com.pl

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
DCA NUMBER: 292314 - 2048983 - 2130744

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: 1990
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
LEGAL STATUS: PUBLIC
ORGANIZATION TYPE: U.S. Subsidiary
EMPLOYEES:
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:  4,067

IMPORT:  NO
EXPORT:  NO

PENSION TYPES:  Defined Contribution

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

ULTIMATE PARENT:  CJSC Russian Standard Corporation (Moscow, Russia)
IMMEDIATE PARENT:  Roust Inc. (Moscow, Russia)

CORPORATE HIERARCHY

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER             TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Bartosz Kolacinski, Executive           Finance/Financial   EMAIL:
Deputy CFO                              Officer             Bartosz.Kolacinski@
                                                            cedc.com.pl
Ryan Lee, CFO & VP  Executive           Vice President      EMAIL:
                                        Chief Financial     Ryan.Lee@cedc.com.p
                                        Officer             l
Evangelos           Executive           Administration/Oper EMAIL:
Evangelou,                              ations              Evangelos.Evangelou
Mgr-Ops-Poland                          Manager             @cedc.com.pl
Grant Winterton,    Executive           Chief Executive     EMAIL: Grant.
CEO                                     Officer             Winterton@cedc.com.
                                                            pl
Vladimir Filiptsev, Executive           CEO Within Office   EMAIL:
CEO-Russian Alcohol                                         Vladimir.Filiptsev@
Grp                                                         cedc.com.pl


DIRECTOR            TITLE TYPE          ROLE(S)             EMAIL/SOCIAL MEDIA
Eberhard von        Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
Lohneysen                                                   Eberhard.vonLohneys
                                                            en@cedc.com.pl
Jose Aragon         Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Jose.Aragon@cedc.co
                                                            m.pl
Joseph Farnan Jr.   Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Joseph.Farnan@cedc.
                                                            com.pl
Pavel Merkul        Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Pavel.Merkul@cedc.c
                                                            om.pl
Alessandro Picchi   Board of Director   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
                                                            Alessandro.Picchi@c
                                                            edc.com.pl
Roustam Tariko,     Supervisory Board   Board of Directors  EMAIL:
Interim Pres        of Directors        President           Roustam.Tariko@cedc
                                        Acting/Interim      .com.pl

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Founded in 1990 and based in Mount Laurel, NJ, Central European Distribution
Corporation is a producer of alcoholic beverages. The company produces wines,
spirits, vodka, and beer products. It offers brands such as Jim Beam Bourbon,
Campari, Jagermeister, Remy Martin Cognac, Corona, and more. The company has
operations in Russia, Poland, Hungary, and Ukraine. According to the company's
current 10K government filing it had FYE 12/31/2012 sales of $1.7 billion and
has 4,067 employees.

INDUSTRY TYPE: Holding Company; Distilled Beverages Mfr & Distr

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
551112 - Offices of Other Holding Companies
SECONDARY NAICS:
312140 - Distilleries
424820 - Wine and Distilled Alcoholic Beverage Merchant Wholesalers
PRIMARY SIC:
6719 - Offices of Holding Companies, NEC
SECONDARY SIC:
2085 - Distilled & Blended Liquors
5182 - Wines & Distilled Alcoholic Beverages-Wholesale
COMPETITORS:

     ·    The Coca-Cola Company
     ·    Teradata Corporation
     ·    StanCorp Financial Group, Inc.
     ·    Saks Incorporated
     ·    Meadowbrook Insurance Group, Inc.
     ·    Select Medical Holdings Corporation
     ·    The Brink's Company
     ·    Harris Teeter Supermarkets, Inc.
     ·    Edgewell Personal Care Company
     ·    Larry H. Miller Group of Companies
     ·    Targa Pipeline Partners LP
     ·    Ally Financial Inc.
     ·    Tellabs, Inc.
     ·    Brown-Forman Corporation
     ·    Follett Corporation
     ·    New Jersey Resources Corporation
     ·    Old Republic Title Insurance Group, Inc.
     ·    El Paso LLC
     ·    Huntsman Corporation
     ·    Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc.
     ·    BioScrip, Inc.
     ·    Stewart Information Services Corporation
     ·    Ameritas Mutual Holding Company
     ·    Diebold Nixdorf, Inc.
     ·    The Trump Organization, Inc.
     ·    Black & Veatch Holding Company
     ·    International Data Group, Inc.
     ·    Black Knight InfoServ, LLC
     ·    OM Group, Inc.
     ·    Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc.
     ·    Cumulus Media Inc.
     ·    Community Health Systems, Inc.
     ·    Sirius XM Holdings Inc.
     ·    Chico's FAS, Inc.
     ·    Moody's Corporation
     ·    SP Plus Corporation
     ·    Reynolds American Inc.
     ·    Rockwood Holdings, Inc.
     ·    Erie Indemnity Company
     ·    Triumph Group, Inc.
     ·    Pernod Ricard S.A.
     ·    Omnicom Group Inc.
     ·    HEICO Corporation
     ·    HealthSpring, Inc.
     ·    SuperValu, Inc.
     ·    Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC
     ·    Avon Products, Inc.
     ·    Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc.
     ·    Coventry Health Care, Inc.
     ·    Crestwood Midstream Partners LP
     ·    Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc.
     ·    Graham Holdings Company
     ·    LifePoint Health, Inc.
     ·    Trustmark Mutual Holding Company
     ·    Five Star Senior Living, Inc.
     ·    VWR Corporation
     ·    Invesco Ltd.
     ·    Xylem Inc.
     ·    Revlon, Inc.
     ·    V. F. Corporation
     ·    Engility Holdings, Inc.
     ·    WGL Holdings, Inc.
     ·    TEGNA Inc.
     ·    Sinclair Broadcast Group, Inc.
     ·    The Cooper Companies, Inc.
     ·    OfficeMax Incorporated
     ·    Protective Life Corporation
     ·    Mutual of Omaha Insurance Company
     ·    The Wonderful Company LLC
     ·    Houchens Industries Inc.
     ·    ONEOK Partners, L.P.
     ·    Fox Entertainment Group, Inc.
     ·    Western & Southern Financial Group, Inc.
     ·    American Equity Investment Life Holding Company
     ·    Ticketmaster Entertainment LLC
     ·    The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc.
     ·    CalAtlantic Group, Inc.
     ·    Crestwood Equity Partners LP
     ·    Univar Inc.
     ·    Beam Global Spirits & Wine LLC
     ·    William Lyon Homes
     ·    Gentiva Health Services, Inc.
     ·    Cenveo, Inc.
     ·    The Marmon Group LLC
     ·    Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV
     ·    JBS USA Holdings, Inc.
     ·    ACI Worldwide, Inc.
     ·    ALLETE, Inc.
     ·    MacLean-Fogg Company
     ·    Jefferies Group LLC
     ·    FMC Corporation
     ·    Bloomberg L.P.
     ·    Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.
     ·    Health Care Service Corporation
     ·    American Tire Distributors Holdings, Inc.
     ·    CVR Energy, Inc.
     ·    Guess?, Inc.
     ·    Vista Outdoor Inc.
     ·    Coveris Holding Corp.
     ·    Ohio National Mutual Holdings, Inc.
     ·    AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc.
     ·    The ADT Corporation
     ·    Constellation Brands, Inc.
     ·    BWX Technologies, Inc.
     ·    Park-Ohio Holdings Corp.
     ·    Heico Companies, LLC
     ·    Barnes & Noble, Inc.
     ·    CNA Financial Corporation
     ·    IMS Health Holdings, Inc.
     ·    The Phoenix Companies, Inc.
     ·    Dollar Tree, Inc.
     ·    Nexeo Solutions, Inc.
     ·    THE NAVIGATORS GROUP, INC.
     ·    Globe Specialty Metals, Inc.
     ·    Envision Healthcare Holdings, Inc.
     ·    Exelis Inc.
     ·    Axiall Corporation
     ·    Cablevision Systems Corporation
     ·    News Corporation
     ·    KBR, Inc.
     ·    VWR Funding, Inc.
     ·    Automatic Data Processing, Inc.
     ·    Spire, Inc
     ·    Bacardi Limited
     ·    Granite Construction Incorporated
     ·    The Chubb Corporation
     ·    S&P Global Inc.
     ·    Toll Brothers, Inc.
     ·    TransUnion
     ·    Alfa Corporation
     ·    Juniper Networks, Inc.
     ·    The Day & Zimmermann Group, Inc.
     ·    KYOCERA International, Inc.
     ·    Real Industry, Inc.
     ·    Presidio, Inc.
     ·    Unum Group
     ·    U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management
     ·    Riverbed Technology, Inc.
     ·    Nasdaq, Inc.
     ·    Leucadia National Corporation
     ·    RPM International Inc.
     ·    Hospira, Inc.
     ·    Adams Resources & Energy, Inc.
     ·    Brown & Brown, Inc.
     ·    YUM! Brands, Inc.
     ·    Harris Corporation
     ·    Chicago Bridge & Iron Company
     ·    American United Mutual Insurance Holding Company
     ·    Red Apple Group, Inc.
     ·    PNM Resources, Inc.
     ·    VERISK ANALYTICS, INC.
     ·    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc.
     ·    The WhiteWave Foods Company
     ·    Cambia Health Solutions, Inc.
     ·    Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation
     ·    Cincinnati Financial Corporation
     ·    E*TRADE Financial Corporation
     ·    International Specialty Products, Inc.
     ·    EMC Corporation
     ·    Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc.
     ·    Cook Group Incorporated
     ·    BASF Corporation
     ·    Oracle America, Inc.
     ·    National Financial Partners Corp.
     ·    Newell Brands Inc.
     ·    Crum & Forster Holdings Corp.
     ·    SpartanNash Company
     ·    Lands' End, Inc.
     ·    The Grocers Supply Co., Inc.
     ·    Graphic Packaging Holding Company
     ·    ACE INA Holdings, Inc.
     ·    Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc.
     ·    Genesis Healthcare, Inc.
     ·    Dominion Questar Corporation
     ·    UGI Corporation
     ·    CMFG Life Insurance Company
     ·    Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc.
     ·    Dominion Resources, Inc.
     ·    Dana Incorporated
     ·    Regal Entertainment Group
     ·    TRT Holdings, Inc.
     ·    Allegis Group, Inc.
     ·    Spectrum Brands, Inc.
     ·    Deloitte LLP
     ·    Boehringer Ingelheim Corp.
     ·    Loews Corporation
     ·    Securian Financial Group, Inc.
     ·    Sidney Frank Importing Co., Inc.
     ·    Services Group of America, Inc.
     ·    AIG Life & Retirement
     ·    The Hillshire Brands Company
     ·    Alliant Energy Corporation
     ·    Raymond James Financial, Inc.
     ·    inVentiv Group Holdings, Inc.
     ·    Quanta Services, Inc.
     ·    B&G Foods, Inc.
     ·    CBRE Group, Inc.
     ·    Monster Beverage Corporation
     ·    Dycom Industries, Inc.
     ·    Dealertrack Technologies, Inc.
     ·    Ohio Farmers Insurance Company
     ·    Auto-Owners Insurance Group
     ·    Live Nation Entertainment, Inc.
     ·    Sigma-Aldrich Corporation
     ·    Nexstar Media Group, Inc.
     ·    Pepco Holdings LLC
     ·    iHeartCommunications, Inc.
     ·    SunEdison, Inc.
     ·    Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits S.A.
     ·    Stifel Financial Corp.
     ·    Marathon Oil Corporation
     ·    South Jersey Industries, Inc.
     ·    Family Dollar Stores, Inc.
     ·    Catamaran Corporation
     ·    The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc.
     ·    The InterTech Group, Inc.
     ·    Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.
     ·    Sirona Dental Systems, Inc.
     ·    The Hunt Corporation
     ·    EMCOR Group, Inc.
     ·    CSC Holdings, LLC
     ·    WEC Energy Group, Inc.
     ·    Diageo plc
     ·    Actavis, Inc.
     ·    Nicor Inc.
     ·    Ply Gem Holdings, Inc.
     ·    Primoris Services Corporation
     ·    Nielsen Holdings plc
     ·    American Financial Group, Inc.
     ·    Salesforce.com, Inc.
     ·    Pacific Mutual Holding Company
     ·    Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation
     ·    Northrop Grumman Corporation
     ·    HOLLYFRONTIER CORPORATION
     ·    Tribune Media Company
     ·    Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc.
     ·    Stock Spirits Group PLC
     ·    Lincare Holdings Inc.
     ·    21st Century Insurance Group
     ·    Universal American Corp.
     ·    Associated Materials Group, Inc.
     ·    Liberty Global, Inc.
     ·    Andersen Corporation
     ·    HC2 Holdings, Inc.
     ·    Champion Enterprises Holdings, LLC
     ·    Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc.
     ·    Scotts Miracle-Gro Company
     ·    Hartford Life & Accident Insurance Company
     ·    Ashland Global Holdings Inc.
     ·    Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc.
     ·    TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation
     ·    Ascena Retail Group, Inc.
     ·    Carmike Cinemas, Inc.
     ·    PulteGroup, Inc.
     ·    Summit Materials, Inc.
     ·    New York Community Bancorp, Inc.
     ·    Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC
     ·    Dover Corporation
     ·    Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated
     ·    Oldcastle Materials, Inc.
     ·    Hunt Consolidated, Inc.
     ·    EnergySolutions, Inc.
     ·    Rock-Tenn Company
     ·    WinWholesale Inc.
     ·    Barnes Group Inc.
     ·    MDU Resources Group, Inc.
     ·    Health Net, Inc.
     ·    Airgas, Inc.
     ·    Integrys Holding, Inc.
     ·    Textron Inc.
     ·    J.C. Penney Company, Inc.
     ·    Doctor's Associates Inc.
     ·    APi Group, Inc.
     ·    HCC Insurance Holdings, Inc.
     ·    Torchmark Corporation
     ·    The Kraft Heinz Company
     ·    Dresser-Rand Group Inc.
     ·    Eagle Materials Inc.
     ·    Ball Corporation
     ·    Gibraltar Industries, Inc.
     ·    M & F Worldwide Corp.
     ·    Fossil Group, Inc.
     ·    Hamilton Sundstrand Corporation
     ·    IDACORP, Inc.
     ·    Convergys Corporation
     ·    Titan International, Inc.
     ·    Sanofi-Synthelabo, Inc.
     ·    Owens & Minor, Inc.
     ·    GAF Materials Corporation
     ·    The Hearst Corporation
     ·    AmeriGas Partners, L.P.
     ·    HD Supply Holdings, Inc.
     ·    Great Plains Energy Incorporated
     ·    Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings
     ·    Zwack Unicum Rt.
     ·    ANN INC.
     ·    Targa Resources Corp.
     ·    Union Pacific Corporation
     ·    H&R Block, Inc.
     ·    Liberty Interactive Corporation


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2012

SALES:  USD 1,745,315,000
NET INCOME:  USD -363,238,000
ASSET:   USD 1,767,552,000
LIABILITIES:  USD 1,964,461,000
NETWORTH:  USD -196,909,000
REVENUE TYPE:  Sales

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     March 8, 2004 Monday Michigan Edition

People

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 1638 words


SOUTH BEND -- Mark Hocker  has been appointed vice president of finance and
treasurer for the South Bend Tribune. Announcement of the appointment was made
by Tribune Editor and Publisher David Ray. Hocker began his career at the South
Bend Tribune in 1986 as accounting manager and was appointed controller in 1989.
He is a graduate of Bob Jones University, Greenville, S.C., with a bachelor of
science degree and a major in accounting. Hocker was employed at KPMG certified
public accounting firm in South Bend before coming to The Tribune.

SOUTH BEND -- Carol Shultz  has been promoted to assistant controller for the
South Bend Tribune. Editor and Publisher David Ray recently announced the
promotion.

Shultz is a certified public accountant and holds a bachelor's degree in
accounting from Ferris State University. She came to The Tribune in 2000 as a
staff accountant. Shultz was assistant controller at Family and Children's
Center in South Bend before joining The Tribune.

SOUTH BEND -- Laura Penziol , interior designer at the Fanning/Howey Associates
Inc. Michigan City office, has been awarded the December 2003 Outstanding
Service Award. This monthly honor recognizes individuals who display exemplary
attitude, proactive work ethic and process improvement. Penziol, who lives in
LaPorte, has been an employee of Fanning/Howey Associates Inc. for 4 1/2 years.

CHICAGO -- Margie M McHugh , formerly of South Bend, has been promoted from vice
president to senior vice president of strategic services at Lillibridge.
Lillibridge is a national health care real estate investment trust focusing on
the needs of nonprofit hospitals and health care systems.

McHugh's primary responsibilities will be for health care underwriting related
to the acquisition and development of new medical office buildings for the
company's portfolio. She will also continue to work with hospital and health
system clients to develop long-term strategies for their properties.

McHugh joined the company in 1995 after spending 15 years working in physician
development, planning and marketing roles with hospitals and medical groups in
the Chicago area. Some of the hospitals she worked with include Advocate Christ
Medical Center, Gottlieb Memorial and Rush University Medical Center. She
received a bachelor's degree from Saint Mary's College and a master's degree
from the University of Notre Dame.

MISHAWAKA -- Varsity Clubs of America, owned and operated by ILX Resorts Inc. ,
announces the appointment of Will Allen  as executive assistant manager of the
South Bend Chapter of VCA in Mishawaka.

Allen joined ILX Resorts in 2001 and has held several supervisory positions with
the company at the resort in Sedona, Ariz. Varsity Clubs of America is an all
suite collegiate sports themed hotel, featuring original artwork and a large
collection of University of Notre Dame sports memorabilia.

SOUTH BEND -- 1st Source Bank has announced the promotion of Laura E. Vaughn  to
audit officer. Vaughn joined 1st Source Bank's audit department in December 2002
as senior auditor. She graduated in 1991 from Kennesaw State College in
Marietta, Ga., with a bachelor's degree in accounting. She is a certified public
accountant with 17 years of experience in the banking industry.

BRISTOL -- Jeff Troyer  has been named national director of sales for Haulmark
Industries. Troyer will oversee the entire Haulmark sales network. Troyer joined
Haulmark in 1992 as a customer service representative. A year later, he was
promoted to the position of sales representative. In 1996 he became a regional
sales manager and held this position until his current promotion. Prior to
joining Haulmark, Troyer was a manager of an area jewelry store. Troyer is a
native of Elkhart and attended DeVry University.

ELKHART -- Leah Jervis  has been named to the position of assistant account
manager at TaigMarks Inc., a full-service advertising and public relations firm.
She joined the agency in November as a temporary employee.

Jervis graduated magna cum laude from Ohio State University in June 2003. She
earned her degree in business administration and marketing. While attending
classes, Jervis was a brand sales representative and assistant to the visual
manager for Express, a national clothing store chain, in Columbus, Ohio.

Prior to that she was an assistant manager and sales representative for OutPost
Sports, new Buffalo, Mich. Jervis is a native of New Buffalo and now makes her
home in Mishawaka.

NILES -- Officials at Baker College of Flint, Mich., announced the appointments
of Michael Royston  as site coordinator and Jessica Chaplin  as student adviser
for the new Baker College truck driving school in Niles.

Previously, Royston was a motor vehicle operator for nearly 20 years, driving
for Waggoners Trucking in Brunswick, Ga., and in Michigan for Bishop
Distributing Co. in Grand Rapids, Hatco in Stanton, and Amble Oil Co. in
Lakeview. Royston has a commercial driver's license, GA Class A with HazMat,
06-06, and has logged nearly 1.5 million miles without any chargeable accidents.
He completed 10 consecutive years without any speed violations.

Royston holds a bachelor's degree from Central Michigan University in Mount
Pleasant, and an associate degree from Delta College in University Center, Mich.

Chaplin most recently worked at the Baker College of Owosso truck driving school
where her responsibilities included managing student driver records, files and
databases. Prior to Baker, Chaplin held other employment positions at Special A
Fare in Okemos and Heckor and Jimmy's in Milford, Mich.

Chaplin holds a commercial driver's license, Class A, from Baker College of
Flint and is currently completing her associate degree in
business/transportation management from Baker.

PLYMOUTH -- Plymouth Speedway announced the appointment of Brad Hockaday  to the
position of head flagman for the 2004 racing season. At just 19 years of age,
Hockaday brings with him six years of experience as a race official. He has
served as head flagman with the NAMARS (North American Midget Auto Racing
Series), the Florida Association of Stock Car Racing, and the World Karting
Association.

Hockaday began his career at the age of 14 flagging at Lowe's Motor Speedway in
Charlotte for the Winston Select and the Summer Shoot-out series for the Legend
Cars. He has also served as a race director, scorer, promoter and chief steward
with various tracks and series.

SOUTH BEND -- Arleen Rice  of Unisource was recently awarded a certificate of
achievement for having successfully completed a seminar for the sales
professional conducted in Maumee, Ohio, by Spartan Chemical Company Inc.
Unisource is an authorized distributor of Spartan's full line of specialty
maintenance products.

SOUTH BEND -- Marketing communications firm Villing & Co. has announced the
addition of Michael Puntney  as art director. Puntney is responsible for
conceptual work as well as graphic design of print materials, Web sites and
other projects for the agency's clients.

Prior to joining Villing & Co., Puntney worked as an art director in the Chicago
and Indiana area. A 10-year veteran of the advertising industry, his previous
agency experience includes positions with Foote, Cone & Belding, Rapp Collins
Group, and Grant/Jacoby in Chicago.

Puntney graduated from Vincennes University with a commercial art and design
degree. He has also received a sociology and creative design degree from Indiana
University and an advertising and electronic design degree from the American
Academy of Art in Chicago.

MISHAWAKA -- Sheryl Talbott  has joined a local office of the financial services
firm Edward Jones as a branch office administrator trainee. Talbott is a native
of the Michiana community and has lived in Mishawaka for seven years.

ELKHART -- Granitech Inc. has announced the appointment of Bridget Faus  to
senior manager of sales. Faus started as a sales associate with Granitech in
November 2001. Since that time, she has been the company's leading salesperson
for two consecutive years. Faus is considered to be an expert on all natural
stone applications for the home or business. Her client base stretches into
Illinois and Michigan.

SOUTH BEND -- Ronda Schafer  has joined 1st Source Bank's operations group as
vice president and project manager. Before coming to 1st Source, she was
employed at Accenture in Chicago as a senior manager in consulting and
production systems operations. Schafer graduated from the University of Notre
Dame with a bachelor's degree in economics. She also earned a master's degree in
finance from the University of Oregon.

ELKHART -- The board of directors of Patrick Industries Inc. has announced the
election of Paul E. Hassler  as president and chief executive officer. He will
take over for the company's current interim president and chief executive
officer, Keith V. Kankel . Hassler has been employed by Patrick Industries Inc.
for more than 17 years. His most recent position was in California as vice
president of western operations. He has more than 32 years of manufactured
housing and recreational vehicle experience. Hassler has also been an
instrumental factor in introducing Patrick Industries to the industrial market
segment.

Business Briefs are for executive-level appointments and significant
announcements. We do not use in-house awards. We can use color or black and
white photographs of good quality. Because of the volume of material we receive,
we cannot return photos. All photos, whether used or not, are kept in The
Tribune's library for possible future use. Send Business Briefs to the Business
News Editor, South Bend Tribune, 225 W. Colfax Ave., South Bend, IN 46626; FAX:
236-1765. Please include the name and telephone number of a contact person.


LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Allen     Chaplin     Hassler     Jervis     McHugh     Penziol
Puntney     Royston     Schafer

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            November 4, 2005 Friday

east bay roundup

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 663 words


Tri-Valley

LIVE LOCAL ELECTION COVERAGE: TV-30, the Tri-Valley's community television
station, will air election results on a live program to air beginning at 8 p.m.
Tuesday on cable Channel 30.

Hosted by Carolyn Siegfried and Robin Fahr, the production will provide
up-to-the minute election results in many local races, including the Livermore
mayoral and City Council contests, San Ramon council races and Livermore's
Measures D and E. Also aired will be results of statewide initiatives.

The election coverage will include live field reports, live results analysis,
interviews at campaign headquarters with local leaders and candidates in most of
the contested races.

-- Bonita Brewer

East Bay

PUBLIC MEETING, RECORDS LAW TRAINING: A free seminar is being offered to the
public and others interested in California's open meeting and public records
laws.

"Open Government 101" will present information on topics such as the top 10
things you need to know about the Ralph M. Brown Act. It will outline the basic
concepts and skills for people who regularly attend public meetings either as a
representative of an agency or a member of the public

The second workshop is a combination of the first meeting and includes the top
10 things you need to know about making public record requests. This workshop
will provide more confidence for both agencies and the public in handling public
records act requests.

The workshops led by state open government law expert Terry Francke will be held
from 10 a.m. to 1:15 p.m. Nov. 12.

Registration is free, but must be done in advance by e-mailing your name,
telephone number and address to info@calaware.org. Please put "Bay Area
Registration" in the subject line.

-- Andrew McGall

Pleasanton

POLICE GET DUI ENFORCEMENT MONEY: The police department has received more than
$90,000 in state money to help educate drivers on the dangers of driving under
the influence of alcohol and to enforce DUI laws.

The $90,773 grant will be used to fund "Every 15 minutes" anti-DUI presentations
at Pleasanton high schools, an informational campaign on DUI, sobriety check
points and extra patrols.

The checkpoints and patrols will also promote the use of seat belts.

The funding began in October and will last for one year.

-- Sophia Kazmi

Antioch

UNIONS PUT PRESSURE ON COUNTY: Public employee unions picketed outside the
Contra Costa Social Services offices in Antioch on Wednesday to demand a fair
contract as negotiations continue.

Members of Public Employees Local No. 1, the Service Employees International
Union and others assembled at the department's satellite offices at 4545 Delta
Fair. The crowd reached its peak around noon with some 50 workers.

Talks between the county and its 15 bargaining groups are taking place in the
shadows of a $1.5 billion deficit, revealed last year. Finance managers say it
was the inevitable upshot of a generous pension benefit the county agreed to,
but did not have the money to pay for.

The items on the bargaining table include workers compensation, health care,
wages and pensions.

The contracts lapsed in October and have been extended for a month.

Along with a two-year wage freeze, the county is pitching higher co-pays for
medical and retirement benefits.

-- Rebecca Rosen Lum

Oakland

UC PLANS NEW OFFICES: The University of California plans to build an 11-story
building in downtown Oakland that will consolidate five administrative offices
now located in and around Oakland.

The new building, which could be approved by the UC Board of Regents this month,
would be located on a now-vacant lot at 11th Street and Broadway, on the same
block as the main university offices on Franklin Street. The 190,000-square-foot
office also would include retail space at street level.

UC officials expect construction to finish by 2008. The consolidation could save
the university $2.5 million in leasing costs over 10 years, they said.

A university spokeswoman said a historical building on the project site would be
preserved.

-- Matt Krupnick

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Long Island Business News (Long Island, NY)

                               February 29, 2008

On the move

BYLINE: Alison Snyder

LENGTH: 713  words


Accounting

Blanchfield, Meyer, Kober & Rizzo has made Joseph Mortimer a partner in the
firm. Mortimer will continue to concentrate on working with publicly traded
corporations and clients in the construction and real estate industries.

Alan Hoffman has joined Janover Rubinroit as a partner in the firm. Hoffman
specializes in accounting, tax and business consulting to real estate,
construction and facilities management companies, and advises high-net-worth
individuals and families. Previously, he was partner in charge of the real
estate services group at Goldstein Golub Kessler.

Banking

Joseph Santacroce has been named vice president of commercial lending for First
Trade Union Bank's Hauppauge location. He specializes in commercial real estate
construction on Long Island, and joins the bank from Astoria Federal Savings
Bank, where he worked with not-for-profits to bring affordable housing to Long
Island.

Education

Sarah Baptiste, a second grade teacher in Otsego Elementary School in the Half
Hollow Hills School District was given the "Pathways to Leadership Award" and a
$2,500 scholarship from the New York State Council of School Superintendents.
The scholarship is given to a minority or woman leader considering a career in
administration.

Health Care

New Island Hospital has appointed Peter F. Chiacchiaro as vice president of
human resources. Prior to this position, Chiacchiaro served in upper management
positions at North Shore University Hospital and Peconic Bay Medical Center. He
has experience in strategic human resource planning, employee and labor
relations, benefit administration, regulatory compliance and education and
training in hospital settings.

Darren J. Farlow has been appointed as foundation president for Southampton
Hospital. Prior to joining the foundation, Farlow was vice president of
corporate development for the American Cancer Society in New York City.

South Nassau Communities Hospital has honored Steven J. Lomansky with its third
annual Physician Excellence in Service award, which recognizes South
Nassau-affiliated physicians who provide outstanding service to patients,
families, colleagues and hospital staff.

Law

Len Breslow, a partner at Breslow & Walker, was named one of the top mergers and
acquisitions attorneys in the New York metropolitan area by Law & Politics
magazine.

Ruskin Moscou Faltischek has promoted Michael S. Amato from associate to of
counsel status. Amato is a member of the firm's financial services, banking and
bankruptcy department and its business reorganization practice group.

Meyer, Suozzi, English & Klein has named Joni Haviva Kletter an associate at the
firm. Prior to joining the firm's labor and employment law groups, she was a law
clerk to U.S. District Judge Sandra J. Feuerstein.

Ilene S. Cooper, a partner in Farrell Fritz's trusts and estates department,
drafted an amendment to the Estates Powers and Trusts Law that disqualifies
abusive parents whose rights have been terminated under social services law from
receiving an inheritance from their abused child's estate.

Marketing

Bob Salmone has joined Austin & Williams as senior vice president. He will serve
alongside the company's executives in the agency's management, client service,
new business development and strategic growth planning.

Not-for Profits

The Suffolk County Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Commission honored Marianne
Garvin, president and chief operating officer of Community Development Corp. of
Long Island, with its 2008 Public Service Award for her commitment to creating
affordable housing opportunities and access to capital for small businesses.

Michael C. Axelrod, partner-in-charge of the labor practice group at Certilman
Balin was named to the board of Crohn's & Colitis Foundation of America's
Greater New York chapter.

Michael Thomas, owner of Digital Storage Solutions, has been appointed to the
not-for-profit Irish-American Business Network's board of directors. The
organization of Irish and Irish-American business owners and professionals aims
to improve the economic, commercial and industrial well-being of the Irish
population on Long Island.

Technology

Delta Computer group appointed William L. Higgins as field manager of Midrange
Systems. He will oversee the company's field service engineers and technicians.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  January 2, 1993, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

PLAYERS GAUGE ROLES WITH CLINTON'S SCRIPT

BYLINE: Kathleen Best Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau This story contains some
information from Robert L. Koenig of the Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau.

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 2271 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


BILL CLINTON'S new role as the leading man in Washington will have a profound
effect on the capital's supporting cast, and members of Congress from the St.
Louis area already are trying to write themselves into the script.

Their success - or lack of it - could determine whether they meet the goals they
have set for the next congressional session.

In setting goals, delegation members seem to be taking cues from the
president-elect. Health care, deficit reduction, tax changes and public works
spending are near the top of most lists.

But few members will commit themselves to specific approaches on these issues
until Clinton reveals his plans.

In the session that begins Tuesday, House Majority Leader Richard Gephardt,
D-Mo., expects to play a leading role in pushing Clinton's agenda through
Congress.

Sen. John Danforth, R-Mo., hopes his part will be as a broker between the new
president and old congressional hands. "I'm interested in being part of the
action," Danforth said.

Many other members already are contacting new administration officials.  Both
Danforth and Gephardt want to meet with Defense Secretary-designate Les Aspin to
talk about McDonnell Douglas and other defense issues.

Reps. Bill Emerson, R-Cape Girardeau, and Harold Volkmer, D-Hannibal, plan to
discuss farm policy and wetlands with Mike Espy, Clinton's choice for
agriculture secretary. And Sen. Paul Simon, D-Ill., has lunch set with Labor
Secretary-designate Robert Reich to discuss job training and a new training
center in Chicago.

Here, as a new president and Congress take the stage, are the priorities of
Missouri and Illinois legislators:

Sen. John C. Danforth, R-Mo.

Danforth frequently acted as broker last year between the Republican in the
White House and the Democratic majority in Congress. This year he would like to
reprise that role with a twist.

"I think I can help keep Clinton from being tugged too far to the left,"
Danforth said.

Danforth particularly sees himself as a deal maker on health care and taxes.
Both will come before the Senate Finance Committee on which he serves.

The tax system now encourages consumption and discourages saving, he said.  It
needs wholesale change, he said. He fears that Clinton will make only
incremental change.

On health care, Danforth said that Republican proposals to control costs through
competition "won't do it." He sees "room for a real deal between Democrats and
Republicans" in the area of "managed competition."

On issues particularly affecting St. Louis, Danforth plans to:

Safeguard McDonnell Douglas against additional defense cuts.

Maximize benefits to Missouri if Clinton increases public works spending.

Keep a watchful eye on the airline industry. TWA may eventually need outside
investment, Danforth said.

Sen. Christopher S. Bond, R-Mo.

Bond wants to "strengthen the nation's long-term economic health by promoting
increased savings, long-term investment and high productivity."

Specifically, he favors:

A targeted investment tax credit for businesses that build plants and buy new
equipment.

Lower capital gains taxes on long-term investments.

A permanent tax credit for research and development.

A deduction for up to $ 2,000 for Individual Retirement Account contributions by
middle-class taxpayers.

Penalty-free withdrawals from IRAs for first-time home buyers.

Bond will push for a balanced budget amendment. He also wants to give the
president the line-item veto.

On other budget issues, Bond wants to eliminate built-in annual increases for
inflation. And he wants to eliminate programs he considers "unnecessary and
unaffordable," such as NASA's mission to Mars, the superconducting super
collider and the Seawolf submarine.

Bond pledged to seek passage of a family and medical leave plan, which was
vetoed last year by President George Bush. "Our children are our future," Bond
said at a press conference. "Programs that ensure their health, safety and
nutrition are the best investment we can make with federal dollars."

Sen. Carol Moseley Braun, D-Ill.

Braun, the first black woman elected to the Senate, said in her campaign that
she would seek a balanced budget amendment, cuts in capital gains taxes and an
income tax increase for those earning more than $ 200,000 a year.

She wants full funding of Head Start programs for preschool children and an
expanded grant and loan program for college students. She would pay for those
initiatives by shifting $ 450 billion in military spending to domestic programs
over the next five years.

She wants to ban imported assault weapons but would not support a ban on
handguns.

Sen. Paul Simon, D-Ill.

Simon wants to capitalize on Clinton's campaign endorsement of several issues
that are high on Simon's agenda: education reform, high-speed rail and a direct
loan program for college students.

Congress is due to reauthorize the elementary and secondary education act.  With
Clinton's interest, "we'll be able to get some things done," Simon said.  He
cited no specifics.

Simon also hopes to expand the direct loan program to college students.  The
program begins in 1994 at 5 percent of the nation's colleges. Clinton has
endorsed the plan, which calls for the federal government to lend money directly
to students without going through banks.

Simon wants to advance a high-speed rail link between St. Louis and Chicago.
"Clinton has endorsed the concept, but we're still in the infancy stage," the
senator said.

On jobs, Simon is laying the groundwork to expand the Job Corps. He wants a Job
Corps Center in Chicago, the only major city without one.

Simon again plans to introduce an amendment to balance the federal budget.  He
has not decided whether to revise his usual proposal.  House Majority Leader
Richard Gephardt, D-Mo.

While he would lead Clinton's agenda through Congress, Gephardt says he will not
overlook St. Louis.

Gephardt said the president's top priority must be the budget. To achieve the
president's goal of halving the budget deficit in four years, Gephardt
prescribed steps to control health care costs and to pay for public works
projects that stimulate the economy without breaking the bank.

"We're going to be working closely on a five-year budget," Gephardt said.  "If
we can get those three things done well by the end of the year, we will have
been very successful. I think we can. We've got to."

Locally, Gephardt thinks federal funds should be used to:

Expand the Metro Link light-rail system.

Build a new federal courthouse.

Finish the multimodal transportation center at Jefferson and Market streets.

Expedite expansion of Lambert Field.

Concerning the defense industries, "we've got to be sure that McDonnell Douglas
is treated fairly," Gephardt said. "We'll be talking to Les Aspin.  It's a good
sign that he's been appointed defense secretary. He understands McDonnell
Douglas, and he's someone I've worked with for the last four years.

Rep. William L. Clay, D-Mo.

After years of stalemate with a Republican administration, Clay hopes to advance
key measures for workers and their families. "It's about time we make progress
on issues like family leave and striker replacement to help working people,"
Clay said.

His top priorities include:

A family medical leave bill, which Bush vetoed twice. Clay, a primary House
sponsor, said the main question is whether supporters will push last year's
compromise version or revive the stronger, original bill. Both measures requires
large employers to allow unpaid leave for employees who have new babies or ill
relatives.

A ban on permanent replacement of striking workers. Clay said that Clinton told
him last month that he would sign the measure if Congress passes it.  Clay, a
chief sponsor, says it will face its biggest roadblock in the Senate.

Changes in the Hatch Act that would loosen restrictions on political activity by
federal workers. Clay has tried unsuccessfully to get this bill enacted for more
than 15 years.

Clay, who helped found the Congressional Black Caucus, predicts it could make a
difference on key issues this year, including urban aid, job training, public
works spending, health care, family medical leave and striker replacement.

Rep. Richard Durbin, D-Ill.

Durbin has a new district that encompasses half of the Metro East area.  He also
has a new subcommittee chairmanship on the Appropriations Committee that will
give him a strong voice on agriculture policy and the Food and Drug
Administration.

At the FDA, he wants to be sure that medical research includes women.  "That's a
policy change long overdue," he said.

At the Agriculture Department, Durbin wants to expand the Women, Infants and
Children program. He also wants better scrutiny of the Food Stamp program and a
closer look at crop insurance, which he says is failing to serve farmers well.

Locally, Durbin thinks Clinton's public works plan could mean more money for
roads and bridges in the Metro East area. He will push also for a Lincoln center
in Springfield, which failed in the Senate last year.

Durbin hopes Clinton's top priority will be health care reform. "The single
highest priority for Congress is to deal with health care," he said.

Rep. Jerry Costello, D-Ill.

Costello says the United States used to be first in spending on public works,
when measured as a percent of gross national product. "Now we're 55th," said
Costello, who is a member of the House Public Works and Transportation
Committee. "We have crumbling roads and bridges. Clinton is right on target when
he says we need to spend $ 20 billion on infrastructure immediately."

Among the local projects Costello plans to push are:

Phase 2 of Metro Link. Phase 1, connecting Lambert Field and East St.  Louis, is
scheduled for completion this year. If local officials approve, Costello will
work for an extension of the line from East St. Louis to Scott Air Force Base,
which is being converted into a joint civilian-military air field.

A four-lane highway from Southern Illinois to the Metro East area.

Continued research into technology to burn high-sulfur Illinois coal cleanly.

Rep. Jim Talent, R-Mo.

Talent plans to follow through on campaign pledges to push for term limits and
to control the federal budget.

"I want to . . . get a balanced budget amendment passed and have already agreed
to sponsor it," he said. "I want term limits. And I want to improve jobs. My
assignments on the Armed Services and Small Business committees will be great
for that. I will have an opportunity on armed services to look out for McDonnell
Douglas' business."

Talent also will push for speedy construction of the Page Avenue extension
through Creve Coeur Park and wants to meet with TWA representatives to discuss
aid to the airline.

Rep. Harold Volkmer, D-Mo.

Volkmer wants to "remove the bottlenecks" from recycling. And he has an old
friend in a new office who just might help him do it.

"I've known (Vice President-elect) Al Gore for 16 years. I've already talked to
Al about it briefly and he is interested. I'll talk to his staff .  . . and
we'll try to get things going," Volkmer said.

Volkmer favors business tax credits and municipal grants to set up small
processing centers and larger regional centers to turn the materials into
products. He envisions regional centers in St. Louis and Kansas City. He also
wants funding for research on how to use and market recycled products.

Volkmer will head a new agriculture subcommittee, probably overseeing livestock,
dairy and poultry. But he won't propose agricultural initiatives until he meets
with Espy, Clinton's choice as agriculture secretary.

Rep. Bill Emerson, R-Mo.

Emerson is one of 14 House Republicans on a joint committee on Congressional
organization. It's supposed to recommend improvements by the end of the year.

"Congress is not as bad as people think it is but not as good as we'd like it to
be," he said. "This committee is something I'm going to put an enormous amount
of energy and time into."

Emerson's other priorities include:

Passage of a balanced budget amendment and a line-item veto for the president.

Implementation of some recommendations of the Mississippi Delta Commission,
which explored economic problems in states along the river. Emerson is vice
chairman of the Delta Caucus in Congress and hopes to find a sympathetic ear in
the White House. Clinton was chairman of the Commission.

Rep. Glenn Poshard, D-Ill.

Poshard takes over a new district that stretches from the southern tip of
Illinois to Decatur. His interests stretch as well. They include:

Side agreements to the North American Free Trade Agreement to protect the broom
corn industry in central Illinois. He favors other treaty provisions that would
help giant grain processors such as Archer Daniels Midland Co.  and A.E. Staley
Co. in Decatur.

More research of clean coal technology to help the state's struggling
high-sulfur coal industry.

Depreciation allowances on capital equipment designed to aid small oil producers
in southeastern Illinois.

Monitoring construction of a billion-dollar lock and dam on the Ohio River near
Olmsted, Ill.

Overseeing implementation of a controversial management plan for the Shawnee
National Forest.

Poshard also hopes to be "a player" in the national debate over health care
reform. He is a task force chairman in the Rural Health Care Caucus and wants to
safeguard the interests of rural areas and small towns.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; (1) Photo Headshot - (John C.) Danforth (2) Photo Headshot -
(Christopher S.) Bond (3) Photo Headshot - (Carol Moseley) Braun (4) Photo
Headshot - (Paul) Simon (5) Photo Headshot - (Richard A.) Gephardt (6) Photo
Headshot - (William L.) Clay (7) Photo Headshot - (Richard) Durbin (8) Photo
Headshot - (Jerry) Costello (9) Photo Headshot - (Jim) Talent (10) Photo
Headshot - (Harold) Volkmer (11) Photo Headshot - (Bill) Emergson (12) Photo
Headshot - (Glenn) Poshard

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 12, 2013 Friday

Datelines: A variety of events in East Contra Costa

BYLINE: East County Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1635 words


Searching for Little Apples: 10-11:30 a.m. Feb. 15, Black Diamond Regional
Preserve, 5175 Somersville Road, Antioch. Search for manzanita and see the
delicate blossoms and the fruit that gave them their name. Rain cancels. Must be
7 and older. 510-544-2750,www.ebparks.org . Parking fees may apply.

American Red Cross Standard First Aid: 9-10 a.m. Feb. 15, Antioch Community
Center, 4703 Lone Tree Way. Learn to recognize and deal with emergencies,
including blood loss, shock, burns, sprains, fractures, allergic reactions,
seizures, more. Hands-on environment. Wear comfortable clothing and closed-toe
shoes. Two-year certification. $50-$60.
Registration:www.ci.antioch.ca.us/recreation , 925-776-3050.

Mushrooms and Other fungi: 10 a.m. Feb. 15, John Muir Interpretive Center, 100
Walnut Blvd., Byron. Find out about the mushrooms and other fungi growing in
Contra Costa County. Find edible and nonedible varieties. Learn about the
important relationships of fungi to other living organisms. Free; parking fees
apply. 925-240-2440.

Vasco Caves Regional Preserve Tour: 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Feb. 16, Brushy Peak Regional
Preserve; 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Feb. 23, Round Valley Regional Preserve. Rock outcrops,
vernal pools, eagles and various nesting raptors, more. Archaeological sites
contain Indian rock art. Bus provided. $30-$34. Registration required. For
directions and information, call 510-544-2750.

The Art of Marriage: 7 p.m. Feb. 21 and 9 a.m. Feb. 22, Brentwood Bible
Fellowship, 3415 Walnut Blvd., Brentwood. Space is limited. Cost: $50.
Registration: 925-634-4909,www.brentwoodfellowship.org .

Black History Month: 4 p.m. Feb. 19, Brentwood Community Center, 35 Oak St.
Celebrate Black History Month with rollicking stories and songs featuring
award-winning storyteller Kirk Waller. A fast-paced time exploring the
African-American culture and history. Sponsored by the Brentwood Library.
925-516-5291,ccclib.org .

Sierra Club Program: 7:15 p.m. Feb. 26, Antioch Library, 501 W. 18th St.
Program: Pacific flyway in the Delta and Central Valley discussing fascinating
bird travelers. Free. All welcome. 925-375-7228.

Roaring '20s Casino Night: 5-11 p.m. March 1, Church of the Good Shepherd, 3200
Harbor St., Pittsburg. $50 includes dinner, $1,000 game chips, music by the
PHD's and dancing. Hosted by Pittsburg Arts and Community Foundation, Filipino
American Association of Pittsburg. 925-252-6930,www.pittsburgfoundation.org .

Bay Point Basketball: Feb. 15-March 22, Saturdays, Riverview Middle School, 205
Pacifica Ave. For boys and girls ages 4-6. $20 includes a T-shirt and
participation award. Scholarships available. Sponsored by Kaiser Permanente.
925-458-1601. Register by Feb. 5.

A Bride's Day Out Bridal Faire: 10 a.m.-3 p.m. Feb. 22, Oak and First streets,
Brentwood. Wedding and party planning needs. Merchants are offering raffle
prizes, discounts and a chance to win $1,000. Free; raffle tickets
$1.www.brentwooddowntown.com .

Affordable Care Act Information and Enrollment Sessions: 10 a.m.-3 p.m. Feb. 22,
Oakley Library, 1050 Neroly Road. The information and enrollment sessions are
designed to help you understand the new Affordable Care Act, learn about new and
affordable health care insurance options available, and get assistance enrolling
in the insurance that is best for you and your family. 925-625-2400.

Oakley Veterans Memorial Fundraiser: 5-8 p.m. Feb. 18, Black Bear Diner, 3201
Main St. Purchase a $10 ticket for a New York steak sandwich and potato salad,
and a portion of the proceeds will benefit the memorial. Pickup only. For
tickets, call Stonecrest Lending, 925-625-1471, or
emailinfo@stonecrestlending.net .

Knights of Columbus Seafood Banquet: 7 p.m. Feb. 21, Edythe Giovannont Center,
21 E. 15th St., Antioch. Crab, clam spaghetti, octopus, wine, more. Proceeds
benefit scholarship funds and local charities. $65. No tickets sold at door.
925-754-4247.

Heart to Heart Ball -- Treasured Wishes: 5:30-11 p.m. Feb. 22, Lone Tree Golf
and Event Center, 4800 Golf Course Road. Benefiting An Elderly Wish Foundation.
Making senior wishes come true. Donations of gift cards, baskets, time share,
sport event tickets or services welcome. Cocktail attire. Live music, more.
925-978-1883,info@elderlywish.org . No tickets sold at door.

Kids Fishing Derby Crab Feed: 6-11 p.m. Feb. 22, Brentwood Veterans Hall, 757
First St. Proceeds benefit the 2014 Kids Fishing Derby. Entertainment, raffle,
live auction, wine, more. $40. Roger, 925-754-3938.

Crab Feed Scholarship Fundraiser: 5:30 p.m. Feb. 22, Flor Do Oakley, 520 Second
St. Benefits Luso-American Education Foundation for graduating seniors of
Portuguese descent and youth summer camps. $45, children 11 and younger $20.
Bela, 925-828-3883; Emidio, 925-254-4454.

Second annual St. Ignatius Crab Feed: 6:30 p.m. Feb. 22, St. Ignatius Church
Hall, 3351 Contra Loma Blvd., Antioch. Sponsored by the Knights of Columbus.
Proceeds benefit church programs. Bar and raffles. $45. 925-642-2329.

Roaring ' 20s Casino Night: 5:30-8:30 p.m. March 1, Church of the Good Shepherd,
3200 Harbor St., Pittsburg. $50 includes dinner, $1,000 in gaming chips,
entertainment featuring the PHDs. Hosted by the Pittsburg Arts & Community
Foundation and the Filipino American Association of Pittsburg.
925-252-6930,www.pittsburgfoundation.org .

The Antioch Historical Society Museum Crab Feed: 5:30 p.m. March 1, 1500 W.
Fourth St. Benefits museum programs and building improvements. Raffle prizes
include a flat-screen TV, trips, dinner gift certificates, lottery tickets,
more. $55. Tickets: 925-628-0456, 925-757-4145.www.art4antioch.org/ahs.asp .

Park Middle School Taste of Italy: 5-10 p.m. April 5, VFW, 815 Fulton Shipyard
Road, Antioch. Raffle prizes, a silent auction, sports memorabilia, live music
and a no-host bar. All proceeds will benefit school programs. $30. For
information or donations, call 925-779-7420.

Blood Drive: 2-7 p.m. Feb. 18, Lone Tree Golf and Event Center, 800 Golf Course
Road. Sponsored by the Antioch Rotary Club. To shedular and appointment, call
866-236-3276,www.redcrossblood.org . Use sponsor ANTIOCHROTARY.

Sutter Delta Seeing Volunteers: For those with extra time on their hands,
volunteer to drive the parking lot shuttle. You must submit a DMV report to be
eligible. Apply online atwww.sutterdelta.org or in person at the volunteer desk
9 a.m.-4 p.m. Monday-Friday, 3901 Lone Tree Way, Antioch.

Anonymous HOW meets: 7 p.m. Tuesdays, Antioch Kaiser, 4501 Sand Creek Road. For
details and meeting room location, call Nori, 925-267-3697.

John Muir Health Caring Hands Caregivers Program seeking volunteers: Help the
elderly and persons with disabilities to get to a doctor's appointment, go to
the grocery store, get hair cuts and other daily needs. Call Linda Groobin,
925-952-2999, or emaillgroobin@johnmuirhealth.com .

Sutter Delta-Living Well with Diabetes: 10 a.m.-noon Wednesdays, Sutter Delta
Medical Center, Edna Fallman Education Center, 3901 Lone Tree Way, Antioch.
Learn about weight, exercise, diet, medication, resources and more. For dates
and registration, call Wendy, 925-779-3575.

Sutter Delta-Breast Cancer support group: A breast cancer support group
sponsored by the American Cancer Society meets 2-3:30 p.m. second Wednesday,
Sutter Delta Medical Center, Edna Fallman Education Center, 3901 Lone Tree Way,
Antioch. 925-779-3570. No registration required.

Immigration Workshop: 6-8 p.m. Feb. 11, Pittsburg Library, 80 Power Ave. A
workshop to answer any questions you might have regarding immigration law.
Families will see a lawyer on a first-come, first-served basis with a free
consultation. 925-427-8390

Free Tax Filing Assistance: Tax-Aide, an AARP-sponsored program. Appointments:
Antioch Senior Center, 925-778-1158; Pittsburg Senior Center, 925-252-4890;
Brentwood Senior Center appointments made on site on Wednesdays only, 193
Griffith Lane. Filing assistance will be from Feb. 5 through April 10. For more
information, call Sally, 925-684-3505.

Get Fit Now: 6-9:30 p.m. Monday-Thursday; 4:30-7:30 p.m. Fridays. Drop in the
fully equipped weight room at the Ambrose Community Center, 3105 Willow Pass
Road, to get in shape. Drop-in $5; monthly $20.
925-485-1601,jdelorenzo@ambroserec.org .

Free Internet Access: Opportunity Junction offers free Internet access for job
searches, finding community resources and language learning 6-9 p.m.
Monday-Thursday, 3102 Delta Fair Blvd., Antioch.
925-776-1133,www.opportunityjunction.org .

English as a Second Language (ESL) class: 6-7:30 p.m. Thursdays ongoing. Bay
Point Career Center, Ambrose Recreation Center, 3105 Willow Pass Road, Suite 3,
Bay Point. Free. 925-252-2331.

English as a Second Language (ESL) class: 6-9 p.m. Tuesdays and Thursdays
ongoing. Opportunity Junction, 3102 Delta Fair Blvd., Antioch. Free.
925-776-1133,www.opportunityjunction.org .

Antioch Bocce Federation: Has openings for four teams. Games are held at 6:30
p.m. either Tuesdays or Thursdays at Chichibu Park at Longview Road and Acorn
Drive in Antioch. The new season starts April 29 and runs through August, with
playoffs starting in early September. Teams consist of 6-10 players of all ages.
Team entry fee is $210. For those who don't have a full team, you may be placed
on an existing team. Information: 925-754-0916.

Meals on Wheels: Seeking volunteer drivers for meal-delivery routes in Pittsburg
and Antioch. Commit two hours once a week between 10:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m. Help
make a tremendous difference in the lives of seniors in need. Sharon Fitzgerald,
925-937-8607.

Modified Motorcycle Association: Meets 7:30 p.m. third Thursdays ongoing, Red
Caboose, 210 Fulton Shipyard Road, Antioch. Learn what the MMA is about, keep
informed about current motorcycle laws and legislation. Michael Bruno,
925-383-6900, or 916-470-2938.

Emailbnews@bayareanewsgroup.com to submit an event.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 15, 2011 Tuesday

The Journal Record Health Care Briefs: March 15, 2011

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1126  words


Hamms donate $20M for diabetes center

Harold and Sue Ann Hamm have announced a $20 million gift to launch a $100
million campaign for the Harold Hamm Oklahoma Diabetes Center at the University
of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center.

"This is the largest single gift in the history of the Health Sciences Center,"
said University of Oklahoma President David L. Boren. "Added to their previous
support, Harold and Sue Ann Hamm have provided more than $30 million to help us
create an internationally top-ranked, university-based center for diabetes
research and clinical care. "

The five-year, $100 million campaign seeks to raise money to support research.

"The Harold Hamm Oklahoma Diabetes Center is on a mission to find a cure," Boren
said. "While we work toward that goal, we are educating people about the
challenges of living with diabetes, teaching them how to prevent the development
of diabetes and its complications and providing the best possible diabetes care.
"

The center also announced the establishment of a 33-member board of advisers.

OMRF-tested lupus drug gains FDA approval

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved a new lupus drug that was
tested at the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation.

Benlysta, the first new lupus drug approved in 56 years, went through clinical
trials led by OMRF physician-scientist Joan Merrill. The OMRF trials took place
in the foundation's Clinical Pharmacology Research Program, which treats and
studies thousands of Oklahomans suffering from lupus and other autoimmune
diseases.

"We were one of the many sites around the world that participated in several of
the studies of this treatment over the years," said Merrill, who is also medical
director for the Lupus Foundation of America. "This approval is great news for
patients. "

The OMRF's involvement in the testing of Benlysta began in 2005, when physicians
started administering the drug as part of Phase 2 - or safety - testing to
Oklahoma lupus patients interested in receiving the experimental treatments.
Testing at OMRF continued for the next six years as the drug progressed to
large-scale safety and efficacy trials and a follow-up safety trial.

One stumbling block to the drug was overcome with OMRF's help. Patients who took
part in OMRF's initial Phase 2 study were given the option of continuing to
receive the drug. Information from their monthly treatments over the ensuing
half-decade helped provide long-term safety information critical for Benlysta's
approval, Merrill said.

"We're a long way from a cure or even a comprehensive treatment," Merrill said.
"What this does is give doctors one more tool to help lupus patients live longer
and healthier. And we will continue to research novel treatments for the disease
to give physicians and patients more and better options. "

St. Anthony's receives Medicare awards

St. Anthony Hospital has been named a top performer in a Centers for Medicare &
Medicaid Services Premier health care alliance value-based purchasing project
that rewards hospitals for delivering high-quality care in six clinical areas.

Based on fifth-year results from the Hospital Quality Incentive Demonstration
project, St. Anthony Hospital earned $42,615 for its performance in acute
myocardial infarction, heart failure, pneumonia and surgical care improvement
project.

St. Anthony also received a Top Improver Award for its results for acute
myocardial infarction, coronary artery bypass graft, heart failure and hip and
knee replacement.

The CMS awarded incentive payments of about $12 million to 218 hospitals.

Smoking cessation study seeks recuits

The All Nations Breath of Life Study is recruiting participants for a smoking
cessation program designed for American Indians.

The study is part of the Oklahoma Tobacco Research Center in the Peggy and
Charles Stephenson Oklahoma Cancer Center at the University of Oklahoma Health
Sciences Center.

The study will examine the value of a culturally tailored smoking cessation
program versus individual standard care for American Indians.

The All Nations Breathe Life Study is a community-based intervention program
that enrolls American Indians ages 18 years and older who smoke and want to quit
smoking.

"We will provide participants with smoking prevention techniques that are
specifically designed for Native Americans, in that it can improve their quality
of life," said Jason Baker, facilitator of the study.

Facilitators are ready to sign up participants in the McAlester and Hugo areas,
shortly to be followed by Talihina, Broken Bow and Idabel.

For information, call Michelle Hopkins at (405) 271-2229.

Frazier to speak at Ishmael Lectureship

Joel Frazier, medical director and president of the Orthopedic Institute in
Oklahoma City, will be a featured speaker for the William K. Ishmael Lectureship
on Friday at the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation.

The lectureship, which is in its 37th year, focuses on arthritis and arthritis
related diseases and is attended doctors and clinical professionals.

Frazier will be speaking on "New Therapies for Dupytren's Contractures," a
debilitating hand condition common in senior adults. The lectureship is
presented by the Arthritis Foundation, Oklahoma Chapter in conjunction with the
Oklahoma Foundation for Orthopedic Health, a nonprofit organization headed by
Houshang Seradge.

Okla. Charitable Clinics schedules conference

The Oklahoma Charitable Clinics Association will be host for a statewide
conference, Together We Thrive, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. March 25 in Oklahoma City.

Topics will include diabetes and hypertension management, recruitment and
retention of volunteer providers, patient assistant programs and state and
federally funded health care programs.

Registration is $35 for the first participant and $25 for additional registrants
from the same clinic. The registration fee includes the first-year membership
for the clinic in OCCA. For information, visit www.faithlinksok.org.

Conference sponsors include Butterfield Memorial Foundation, Deaconess Hospital,
Delta Dental Oral Health Foundation, Free Clinic Solutions, Good Samaritan
Health Services, Health Alliance for the Uninsured, Integris Health, Ministries
of Jesus, Office of Faith Based and Community Initiatives and OU Medical
Center-Edmond.

Health research conference set

The Oklahoma Center for the Advancement of Science and Technology will present
the Oklahoma Health Research Conference from 10 a.m. to noon April 6 at the
Devon Boathouse in Oklahoma City.

The conference will include a keynote address by Richard Alvarez, vice president
operations and research for Selexys Pharmaceuticals, and closing remarks from
Rodger McEver, chairman of the OCAST Health Research Committee.

Registration information is available by calling Tessa North at (405) 319-8410.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              May 5, 2011 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

JOBLESS IN GEORGIA;
Tech jobs offer hope for state's job market

BYLINE: Dan Chapman; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 1000 words



HIGHLIGHT: Bioscience industries grab growth spotlight. Dendreon Corp., which is
hiring, is example of high-end career options.


Mired in a job-killing recession and eager to tout Atlanta as a biotech mecca,
business recruiters puffed their chests when Dendreon Corp. announced in 2009
that it would manufacture cancer-killing vaccines in Union City.

Microbiologists. Biochemists. Cell processors. Even the quality control and
administrative jobs promise above-average salaries in a truly 21st century
industry.

"Dendreon is definitely the type of company and jobs we are looking for,"
Gretchen Corbin, the state's deputy commissioner for global commerce, said last
week.

The Atlanta region lost 186,000 jobs --- 7.5 percent of its employment base ---
during the recession. Yet even before the downturn, Atlanta business recruiters
zeroed in on the high-tech and bioscience industries to propel the region
forward.

Dendreon held a job fair recently and dozens of well-dressed, mid-career --- and
unemployed --- professionals crammed into the state's job center in Newnan to
learn about the biotech jobs. The Seattle-based biotech company expects to begin
production of the prostate cancer vaccine in Georgia this year.

Roxann Ortmann hopes to be hired as a Dendreon laboratory technician.

"Georgia is lacking in these types of high-end, talented professional jobs,"
said Ortmann, unemployed since losing her Panasonic factory job in Peachtree
City last year. "We need companies like this to help stimulate the economy."

Georgia, though, faces huge competition from North Carolina, Texas, California,
Massachusetts and other states for the jobs that pay, on average, $80,922 a
year, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The state also must overcome
a paucity of financing and qualified techies to grow the next-generation
computer, pharmaceutical, medical device and bioenergy industries.

"The outside world sees us as peaches, pine trees, peanuts and pecans, so we
really need to let people know we have a major technological presence here and
great potential with Georgia Tech, the airport and a strong entrepreneurial
base," said Tino Mantella, president of the Technology Association of Georgia.
"Tech jobs are well-positioned to lead Georgia out of the recession."

Georgia's burgeoning high-tech field includes Internet security and medical
billing companies, as well as AT&T and Delta Air Lines, and tallied 244,799 jobs
last year, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Two years earlier,
before the recession slashed payrolls, 257,194 people worked in the industry.

The Technology Association of Georgia reported that 70 percent of its more than
13,000 members will add employees this year. By 2018, the state labor department
expects high-tech hiring to skyrocket, particularly for technical consultants
(predicted to rise 54 percent), network systems analysts (50 percent) and
software engineers (35 percent).

About 18,000 Georgians worked in the life science industries in 2007, according
to the University of Georgia's Selig Center. Their companies, including Merial
in Duluth and QualTex in Norcross, notched sales of $16 billion in 2007.

Biotech research is fueled by Georgia Tech, UGA, Emory, Georgia Health Sciences
University, Georgia State, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and
Morehouse College. Consultants, including Ernst & Young and Battelle, routinely
rank Georgia among the top 10 states for biotech research and development.

"The bioscience industry doesn't go out of fashion," said Charles Craig,
president of Georgia Bio, a nonprofit advocacy group. "It's always going to be
an economic driver because it's at the heart of progress for the health care,
agriculture and renewable energy industries."

Dendreon received FDA approval last year to produce Provenge, and set about
building three factories to produce the vaccine, which extends the lives of
terminal cancer patients. Provenge could reap $1 billion in annual sales.

At least 300 chemists, quality-control technicians, systems analysts and
administrative assistants will be hired at the $70 million Union City plant.
Salaries will range from $30,000 to $100,000, according to a Dendreon hiring
official attending the job fair. Dendreon officials in Seattle declined comment.

"Georgia needs a diversity of jobs because there are so many people out of
work," said the jobless Ortmann. "Anything medical is a good job."

Dendreon could earn up to $10.7 million in tax breaks and infrastructure grants
if it creates 550 jobs within five years, according to the state's economic
development agency. Proximity to the airport and state-paid workforce training
swayed Dendreon's decision to locate in south Fulton County.

Craig said the state of Georgia needs to spend more money to recruit the next
wave of biotech. Georgia is also the only state that doesn't allow
state-administered pension funds to be used as venture capital.

"They don't have the money that North Carolina pumps into economic development
for life sciences," Craig said.

Venture capitalists have poured $696 million into 67 biotech firms in North
Carolina, most located in the Research Triangle, since the beginning of 2007,
according to PriceWaterhouseCoopers.

The accounting firm pegged Georgia's biotech investment at $117 million for 24
ventures.

Behind the new vaccine

Controversy swirled around Provenge well before the Food and Drug
Administration's approval of the cancer-fighting drug in April 2010.

Provenge is a therapeutic vaccine that treats prostate cancer by inducing the
patient's own immune response. It must be made specifically for each patient.
The treatment, which typically gives men suffering from an incurable stage of
the disease another four months to live, can cost $93,000.

Taxpayer-backed Medicare will cover the cost. Bioethicists say Medicare's
acceptance of Provenge underscores the U.S. health systems bias toward expensive
treatments over basic medical care. The Dendreon Corp. has said Provenge's price
reflects the $1 billion spent researching and developing the drug.

The Seattle-based Dendreon could make $1 billion in Provenge sales next year.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2011 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                 June 02, 2014

Terrorism - FG Tasked On Interstate Border Security Patrol

BYLINE: Okon Basey

LENGTH: 452 words


A foremost socio-cultural youth organisation of Eket federal constituency in
Akwa Ibom State, Afigh Iwaad Ekid, has impressed on the federal government to
intensify interstate border security patrol to combat further spread of
terrorism and insurgency in the country.

The Public Relations Officer of the organisation, Mr Joe Etukudo, made the call
while speaking with journalists after the swearing in of new executive officers
of body.

He acknowledged with satisfaction the commitment of the federal government to
checking insurgency in the northern part of the country, expressing the belief
that the Nigerian armed forces working in collaboration with the international
community will succeed in crushing the activities of Boko Haram in a short time.

Etukudo said the Afigh Iwaad Ekid were in total sympathy with the parents of
over 200 students abducted by members of the Boko Haram at Chibok in Borno
State.

He equally called on everybody especially youth organisations to grant security
agencies the needed cooperation by remaining alert and reporting activities of
strange persons and groups within area of their operations.

Etukudo lamented that the damage done to the northern and middle belt states has
affected the psychic and the socio-economic lives of indigenes, visitors and
investors, leaving the youths at crossroads in meeting future aspirations in
education and health care.

On the abduction of the Chibok girls, he appealed that youths particularly the
girl child should not be discourage or lose hope but take a cue from Malala the
Pakistan girl and pursuit their education to a logical conclusion as God will
see nation through this perilous times.

According to Etukudo, the abduction, bombing and killing of innocent people is a
sad commentary and is inimical to the development of Nigeria therefore, all
Nigerians either in government or in the private sector have significant roles
to play in the fight against terrorism, rather than shifting blame to the
federal government.

He further explained that without the entire nation especially people from the
northern states coming together to fight the insurgents, it might be difficult
for the foreign powers to successfully combat the terror sect.

The spokesman for the group said the body plans a fund raising programme to
ameliorate the effects of the destruction caused by Boko Haram insurgency in the
North-eastern states.

"We shall also embark on effective enlightenment campaign in collaboration with
other youth groups of the Niger Delta states to redirect the mind sets of those
in the South-south states, especially the youths to be on the watch out against
the infiltration of the dangerous sects from other regions of the country," he
added.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            October 19, 2014 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Niagara Honor Roll / Recognizing the accomplishments of Western New Yorkers

SECTION: NC,NC; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 773 words


Taraneh Jacobs has been awarded the 2014 Ruth and William O. Sass, M.D.
Scholarship. Named in honor of Dr. and Mrs. William O. Sass, the scholarship is
awarded annually to a qualified applicant pursuing a course of study for a
baccalaureate degree in nursing.

Jacobs is a graduate of Niagara Catholic High School and is attending the 1-2-1
bachelor's in nursing degree program at Daemen and Trocaire colleges. A dean's
list qualifier in 2013 and 2014, she has done extensive community volunteer
work, including nine years of volunteer service at Memorial Medical Center.

The Sass scholarships have supported health-care professionals in the community
where Dr. and Mrs. Sass lived and worked for more than 25 years. Criteria for
the scholarships include academic achievement, community involvement and
commitment, nursing career goals, personal and professional references.

...

Niagara University's College of Education recognized contributions of seven
educational leaders from  Western New York and Southern Ontario during its
annual professional recognition ceremony Oct. 9 in Niagara Falls Country Club,
Lewiston.Roger J. Klatt, Educational Leader of the Year, currently serves as
superintendent for both the Barker and Royalton-Hartland Central School
districts. Klatt spent 17 years in administrative roles at Barker Central
School, including middle school principal, director of instructional services,
assistant superintendent and superintendent. His teaching experience were
highlighted by being selected as Albion Central School's Educator of the Year in
1995.Angela Gauthier, Educational Leader of the Year, was appointed director of
education for the Toronto Catholic District School Board in August 2013.
Gauthier previously served as the TCDSB's associate director of academic affairs
since 2008. She also has experience as superintendent of human resources, and
enjoyed an assignment to the Education Quality and Accountability Office
(EQAO).Tomasina Cook, Counselor of the Year, is a 2000 Niagara University
graduate and licensed mental health counselor with Living Wellness of Niagara.
In addition, she is the chair of the criminal justice department at Erie
Community College, and an adjunct faculty member at NU and Medaille College.
Cook, who previously worked for the Niagara County Sheriff's and Niagara Falls
Police departments, is also a certified life coach and certified Christian
counselor.Helene Wiens, Counselor of the Year, earned an master's degree in
counseling from Niagara University in 2007. She currently serves as a
psychotherapist with the Portage Medical Family Health Team in Niagara Falls,
Ont. She is a member of the Kappa Gamma Pi National Catholic Honor Society and
the Kappa Delta Pi International Honor Society.Ronni McGrath, Teacher of the
Year, earned undergraduate and graduate degrees from Niagara. She is a STEM
coordinator and science teacher for the Niagara Falls City School District. She
has fulfilled a wide range of positions within the district, including middle
school science teacher, high school science teacher, and elementary science
instructional coach. For the past two years, McGrath has also worked as an
adjunct faculty member at NU, educating fellow teachers on best practices for
improving and enhancing science instruction. As the STEM coordinator, she has
presented with colleagues at the 2014 STEM Summer Institute at Alfred State
College of Technology, provided curriculum guidance for Niagara Falls Housing
Authority's Summer Camp Program and participated in planning for the Niagara
Power Vista's exhibit renovation. Tensy Kalaparambath, Teacher of the Year, is a
fourth-grade teacher at St. James Catholic Global Learning Centre in
Mississauga, Ont. Over the past nine years, he has fulfilled a number of
teaching positions, including technology, special education and English as a
second language. He presently coordinates the school's IB Middle Years Program.
Kalaparambath has also taught in London and acted as an educational consultant
for international schools in India.Gary P. Hall, Community Leadership Award, is
president and CEO of Waste Technology Services. Outside of leading WTS, a global
provider of sustainable solutions for byproduct management, Hall serves the
community through several organizations. He is on the board of directors of the
Niagara Falls Boys and Girls Club, is co-founder of the HANCI Reading All-Stars
program, hosts the annual Lower Niagara Sport Fishing Challenge tournament to
benefit the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation and has helped provide two schools for
children in Sierra Leone through EduNations.

email: citydesk@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      January 19, 2003 Sunday 1ST EDITION

THE WEEK THAT WAS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. K-02

LENGTH: 1019 words


Monday, Jan. 13

United Airlines' pension plan is underfunded by $ 4.1 billion and  could
jeopardize the company's efforts to emerge from bankruptcy  reorganization, a
debt-rating agency said. Fitch Ratings said  United's pension gap grew 60
percent during 2002 from $ 2.5 billion  a year earlier. The plan now has $ 6.5
billion in assets and $ 10.6  billion in obligations. Only Delta Air Lines' $
4.4 billion  shortfall is larger. United and US Airways, also restructuring
under Chapter 11 protection, 'are unlikely to emerge from  bankruptcy without
meaningful changes' to their pensions, Fitch  said, including possibly ceding
control of the plans to the  government.

Qwest chief Richard Notebaert, stressing zero tolerance for false  sales
reporting, said that his company has taken disciplinary  action against company
supervisors who asked employees to log bogus  sales. The Denver Baby Bell also
has resumed an internal audit, he  said, to ferret out false sales claimed by
employees to earn  commissions. Notebaert's remarks, arising from a meeting with

  Denver Post editors, marked the first time he has publicly  addressed the
issue of false sales reporting at Qwest. His  spokesmen have repeatedly stressed
that inflated sales reports have  only distorted internal projections, not
Qwest's public financial  statements.

Tuesday, Jan. 14

Kmart plans to close 326 stores nationwide, including six in  Colorado, as part
of a national restructuring aimed at bringing it  out of bankruptcy by April 30,
the company announced. The Troy,  Mich.-based discount chain said that the store
closures will  eliminate 37,000 jobs in 44 states and Puerto Rico. Six hundred
jobs will be lost in Colorado. Metro Denver will lose three stores  and 381
jobs. The other Colorado store closures will be in Durango,  Alamosa and
Colorado Springs. The announcement marks the second  round of store closures in
less than a year for the century-old  retailer, which filed for Chapter 11
bankruptcy protection in  January 2002. This round is larger and cuts deeper in
Colorado.

TransMontaigne Inc. said it is expanding its transcontinental reach  with a
major petroleum acquisition in Florida from El Paso Corp.  Denver-based
TransMontaigne said it will pay about $ 155 million for  five petroleum
terminals and tug-and-barge operations in Florida.  The facilities provide fuel
for cruise ships along the Florida  coast. Last year they sold an average of
29,000 barrels of fuel per  day. TransMontaigne, one of only six Fortune 500
companies based in  Denver, will gain 200 employees with the acquisition to
bring its  total workforce to about 650.

Wednesday, Jan. 15

Qwest asked the Federal Communications Commission for permission to  sell
long-distance service in Oregon, New Mexico and South Dakota.  The filing came
roughly a week after Denver-based Qwest launched  long-distance in eight other
former US West states, including  Colorado, that the FCC had approved. Qwest
will launch service in  Montana once regulators there approve its rates. The FCC
must make  a ruling on the three new applications within 90 days or they are
considered approved. Analysts said the FCC likely will approve the  latest
applications because they were completed in the same manner  as other Qwest bids
already approved.

Corporate road warriors find it easier to connect their laptops and  cellular
phones to the outside world from Denver International  Airport than from any
other U.S. airport, according to a new study.  DIA tops a list of the country's
busiest airports in its ability to  serve business travelers, said the study by
airport consultants  Elite Services Group. Also contributing to the airport's
ranking  are minimal flight delays and convenient parking. The study could  lead
more business travelers to choose Denver for connecting  flights, said DIA
spokesman Chuck Cannon. Joel Denney, a consultant  with U.S. Bancorp Piper
Jaffray, said the report could influence a  small number of travelers to choose
DIA.

Thursday, Jan. 16

Richard Parsons was chosen to replace Steve Case as chairman of AOL  Time
Warner, a move that will put the 54-year-old chief executive  fully in charge of
running the world's biggest media company once  Case's resignation takes effect
in May. Parsons, unanimously  elected by the corporation's board, has served as
CEO for the past  year and is viewed by directors as someone who can heal rifts
in  the company. His rapid selection to serve also as chairman, only  days after
Case's surprise resignation, is a sign of his popularity  among board members.

The University of Colorado Health Sciences Center will build a  school for
orthodontists at its Fitzsimons campus in Aurora, thanks  to a $ 95.7 million
grant from a Florida donor. Dr. Gasper Lazzara,  founder and managing partner of
Jacksonville, Fla.-based  Orthodontic Education, promised the money to the CU
School of  Dentistry. Orthodontic Education recruits dental school candidates
and provides scholarships for orthodontic training. Orthodontists  are dentists
who specialize in treating facial irregularities,  including tooth- and
jaw-alignment problems. They are best known as  the doctors who put braces on
teeth.

Friday, Jan. 17

Manufacturing stumbled in December, and November's trade deficit  swelled to a
record. The figures underscored challenges that still  face a struggling U.S.
economy. The Federal Reserve reported that  production at the nation's
factories, mines and utilities fell by  0.2 percent in December, ending a
turbulent year on a disappointing  note. Industrial production fell for a second
straight year in  2002, the first time that has happened since the early 1970s.
In  other somber news for U.S. manufacturers, the U.S. trade deficit  bulged to
a record $ 40.1 billion in November as imports soared when  West Coast ports
returned to business after an autumn labor  dispute.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Associated Press/Timothy Easley Strikers picket last week at
General Electric's Appliance Park in Louisville, Ky., as part of a nationwide
two-day protest over higher health-care copayments.

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             March 15, 2015 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

How bills fared by Crossover Day

BYLINE: Aaron Gould Sheinin, Kristina Torres; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 1138 words



HIGHLIGHT: Some key proposals advance as session approaches its end.


As the 30th day of the 40-day legislative session, Friday was the last day for
bills to move from one chamber to the other --- that is, to cross over --- and
still have a clear path to becoming law this year. While parliamentary
maneuvering can keep a bill alive, making it from one side of the Capitol to the
other on Crossover Day makes final passage in 2015 much more likely.

Legislation concerning some of the most high-profile issues of the session ---
the House's $1 billion transportation proposal, Gov. Nathan Deal's plan for the
state to take over failing schools and a "religious liberty" bill --- had
already cleared one chamber or the other. Here's what happened with some key
bills:

HEALTH CARE

HB 34: Would allow terminally ill patients faster access to experimental drugs
that have not yet been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.

Status: Approved by the Health and Human Services Committee, but no floor vote.

HB 354: Would require insurance companies offering coverage to state employees
through Georgia's health benefits plan to include Level I trauma centers in
their service networks. Insurers that don't meet this requirement would not be
allowed to enter into contracts with the state to provide health benefit
policies. The bill stems from a contract dispute between Grady Memorial Hospital
and Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Georgia.

Status: Approved by a Judiciary Civil subcommittee, but no floor vote.

HB 482: Would eliminate a 50-bed cap on the Cancer Treatment Centers of America
campus in Coweta County and eliminate the requirement that 65 percent of the
hospital's patients come from out of state.

Status: No committee vote.

SB 86: Would create an administrative system that would handle all patients'
claims of medical malpractice instead of the courts. The system would be the
first of its kind in the country.

Status: No committee vote.

SB 185: The Senate's version of a medical marijuana bill. Would restrict access
to a very limited clinical trial program involving children with epilepsy.

Status: Passed Senate.

EDUCATION

HB 35: Would increase the tax credit pool from $58 million to $250 million for
families who donate to a private-school tuition fund.

Status: No committee vote.

SB 124: Would set up a statewide grant program to establish support services at
struggling schools.

Status: No committee vote.

TRANSPORTATION

HB 60: Would eliminate the so-called "fourth penny" of the state tax on gas that
currently goes into the state General Fund. Instead, that penny would shift to
the motor fuel tax, currently at 3 percent. Motorists' taxes would be the same,
but all the money would go directly to the Department of Transportation. Would
also flatten and decrease the state income tax and gradually increase the excise
tax on fuel from 7.5 cents per gallon to 22.5 cents per gallon by 2022.

Status: No committee vote.

HB 224: Would require drivers for ride-sharing businesses such as Uber to get
the same background checks required for limo drivers.

Status: No committee vote.

HB 225: Similar to HB 224, but not quite as far-reaching.

Status: Passed House.

LOCAL GOVERNMENT

HB 514: Would create a city of South Fulton.

Status: Passed House.

SB 189: Would create a city of South Fulton.

Status: No committee vote.

HB 515: Calls for a referendum on a city of Tucker.

Status: Passed House.

HB 520: Calls for a referendum on a city of LaVista Hills.

Status: Passed House.

HB 539: Calls for a referendum on a city of Stonecrest.

Status: No committee vote.

SB 118: Would mandate community appointments of DeKalb County Board of Ethics
members.

Status: No committee vote.

SB 120: Would strengthen DeKalb County purchasing rules.

Status: No committee vote.

SB 121: Would require an independent internal auditor for DeKalb County.

Status: No committee vote.

BUSINESS

HB 393: Would add an exemption to the state's franchise laws for any vehicle
manufacturer --- read: Tesla --- who sells directly to the public if the builder
has never used franchisees in Georgia.

Status: Passed House.

HB 535: Would allow local governments where Sunday sales of alcohol are already
legal to let restaurants serve alcohol at 10:30 a.m., two hours earlier.

Status: Passed House.

SB 63: Would have allowed craft breweries to sell a limited amount of beer
directly to customers. But major changes in committee now bar direct sales.
Instead, breweries could charge for a tour and, depending on how much someone
pays, the tour could include a single container of beer as a free souvenir.
Would limit customers to 36 ounces of beer to be consumed "on-premise" of a
brewery and up to 64 ounces of beer to be taken home.

Status: Passed Senate.

TAXES

HB 175: Would end the state's tax break on aviation fuel that benefits Delta Air
Lines, among other air carriers.

Status: No committee vote.

HB 238: Would provide a tax break for expansion of the Georgia Aquarium.

Status: Passed House.

COURTS/LAW ENFORCEMENT

HB 56: Would create new restrictions on the use of no-knock warrants.

Status: No committee vote.

SB 45: Would limit use of no-knock warrants.

Status: No committee vote.

SB 159: Would limit use of no-knock warrants.

Status: Passed Senate committee, but no floor vote.

HB 93: Would restrict how long police agencies may keep images captured by
automatic license-plate scanners.

Status: Passed House committee, but no floor vote.

HB 279: Would raise the pay of members of the Georgia Supreme Court and Court of
Appeals by $12,000 a year, give raises of up to $30,000 to Superior Court judges
in about half of the circuits, plus give raises to some district attorneys.
Public defenders would get $15,000 raises.

Status: Passed House.

HB 310: Would overhaul the state's misdemeanor probation system, create a state
Department of Community Supervision and adopt other recommendations of the
Council on Criminal Justice.

Status: Passed House.

SB 46: Would require body cameras for all Georgia police officers.

Status: No committee vote.

OTHER

HB 29: Government would have to adhere to a much higher standard to interfere
with an individual's right to religious expression.

Status: No committee vote.

HB 218: Government would have to adhere to a much higher standard to interfere
with an individual's right to religious expression.

Status: No committee vote.

HR 1: A constitutional amendment that would allow for gambling on horse racing
in Georgia.

Status: No committee vote.

HB 110: Would legalize consumer fireworks in Georgia.

Status: Passed House.

AJC POLITIFACT ROUNDUP

Our weekly review of how politicians and others fared against the Truth-O-Meter
will appear in Monday's Metro section.

The expected end of the session this year is April 2. You can track any bills
and see their odds of passage as predicted by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution's
Georgia Legislative Navigator at http://legislativenavigator.my ajc.com/. Get
complete daily coverage at MyAJC.com/georgialegislature.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2015 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              July 12, 2013 Friday

Datelines: A variety of events in East Contra Costa

BYLINE: East County Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 1644 words


Events

Searching for Little Apples: 10-11:30 a.m. Feb. 15, Black Diamond Regional
Preserve, 5175 Somersville Road, Antioch. Search for manzanita and see the
delicate blossoms and the fruit that gave them their name. Rain cancels. Must be
7 and older. 510-544-2750,www.ebparks.org . Parking fees may apply.

American Red Cross Standard First Aid: 9-10 a.m. Feb. 15, Antioch Community
Center, 4703 Lone Tree Way. Learn to recognize and deal with emergencies,
including blood loss, shock, burns, sprains, fractures, allergic reactions,
seizures, more. Hands-on environment. Wear comfortable clothing and closed-toe
shoes. Two-year certification. $50-$60.
Registration:www.ci.antioch.ca.us/recreation , 925-776-3050.

Mushrooms and Other fungi: 10 a.m. Feb. 15, John Muir Interpretive Center, 100
Walnut Blvd., Byron. Find out about the mushrooms and other fungi growing in
Contra Costa County. Find edible and nonedible varieties. Learn about the
important relationships of fungi to other living organisms. Free; parking fees
apply. 925-240-2440.

Vasco Caves Regional Preserve Tour: 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Feb. 16, Brushy Peak Regional
Preserve; 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Feb. 23, Round Valley Regional Preserve. Rock outcrops,
vernal pools, eagles and various nesting raptors, more. Archaeological sites
contain Indian rock art. Bus provided. $30-$34. Registration required. For
directions and information, call 510-544-2750.

The Art of Marriage: 7 p.m. Feb. 21 and 9 a.m. Feb. 22, Brentwood Bible
Fellowship, 3415 Walnut Blvd., Brentwood. Space is limited. Cost: $50.
Registration: 925-634-4909,www.brentwoodfellowship.org .

Black History Month: 4 p.m. Feb. 19, Brentwood Community Center, 35 Oak St.
Celebrate Black History Month with rollicking stories and songs featuring
award-winning storyteller Kirk Waller. A fast-paced time exploring the
African-American culture and history. Sponsored by the Brentwood Library.
925-516-5291,ccclib.org .

Sierra Club Program: 7:15 p.m. Feb. 26, Antioch Library, 501 W. 18th St.
Program: Pacific flyway in the Delta and Central Valley discussing fascinating
bird travelers. Free. All welcome. 925-375-7228.

Roaring '20s Casino Night: 5-11 p.m. March 1, Church of the Good Shepherd, 3200
Harbor St., Pittsburg. $50 includes dinner, $1,000 game chips, music by the
PHD's and dancing. Hosted by Pittsburg Arts and Community Foundation, Filipino
American Association of Pittsburg. 925-252-6930,www.pittsburgfoundation.org .

Bay Point Basketball: Feb. 15-March 22, Saturdays, Riverview Middle School, 205
Pacifica Ave. For boys and girls ages 4-6. $20 includes a T-shirt and
participation award. Scholarships available. Sponsored by Kaiser Permanente.
925-458-1601. Register by Feb. 5.

A Bride's Day Out Bridal Faire: 10 a.m.-3 p.m. Feb. 22, Oak and First streets,
Brentwood. Wedding and party planning needs. Merchants are offering raffle
prizes, discounts and a chance to win $1,000. Free; raffle tickets
$1.www.brentwooddowntown.com .

Affordable Care Act Information and Enrollment Sessions: 10 a.m.-3 p.m. Feb. 22,
Oakley Library, 1050 Neroly Road. The information and enrollment sessions are
designed to help you understand the new Affordable Care Act, learn about new and
affordable health care insurance options available, and get assistance enrolling
in the insurance that is best for you and your family. 925-625-2400.

Fundraisers

Oakley Veterans Memorial Fundraiser: 5-8 p.m. Feb. 18, Black Bear Diner, 3201
Main St. Purchase a $10 ticket for a New York steak sandwich and potato salad,
and a portion of the proceeds will benefit the memorial. Pickup only. For
tickets, call Stonecrest Lending, 925-625-1471, or
emailinfo@stonecrestlending.net .

Knights of Columbus Seafood Banquet: 7 p.m. Feb. 21, Edythe Giovannont Center,
21 E. 15th St., Antioch. Crab, clam spaghetti, octopus, wine, more. Proceeds
benefit scholarship funds and local charities. $65. No tickets sold at door.
925-754-4247.

Heart to Heart Ball -- Treasured Wishes: 5:30-11 p.m. Feb. 22, Lone Tree Golf
and Event Center, 4800 Golf Course Road. Benefiting An Elderly Wish Foundation.
Making senior wishes come true. Donations of gift cards, baskets, time share,
sport event tickets or services welcome. Cocktail attire. Live music, more.
925-978-1883,info@elderlywish.org . No tickets sold at door.

Kids Fishing Derby Crab Feed: 6-11 p.m. Feb. 22, Brentwood Veterans Hall, 757
First St. Proceeds benefit the 2014 Kids Fishing Derby. Entertainment, raffle,
live auction, wine, more. $40. Roger, 925-754-3938.

Crab Feed Scholarship Fundraiser: 5:30 p.m. Feb. 22, Flor Do Oakley, 520 Second
St. Benefits Luso-American Education Foundation for graduating seniors of
Portuguese descent and youth summer camps. $45, children 11 and younger $20.
Bela, 925-828-3883; Emidio, 925-254-4454.

Second annual St. Ignatius Crab Feed: 6:30 p.m. Feb. 22, St. Ignatius Church
Hall, 3351 Contra Loma Blvd., Antioch. Sponsored by the Knights of Columbus.
Proceeds benefit church programs. Bar and raffles. $45. 925-642-2329.

Roaring ' 20s Casino Night: 5:30-8:30 p.m. March 1, Church of the Good Shepherd,
3200 Harbor St., Pittsburg. $50 includes dinner, $1,000 in gaming chips,
entertainment featuring the PHDs. Hosted by the Pittsburg Arts & Community
Foundation and the Filipino American Association of Pittsburg.
925-252-6930,www.pittsburgfoundation.org .

The Antioch Historical Society Museum Crab Feed: 5:30 p.m. March 1, 1500 W.
Fourth St. Benefits museum programs and building improvements. Raffle prizes
include a flat-screen TV, trips, dinner gift certificates, lottery tickets,
more. $55. Tickets: 925-628-0456, 925-757-4145.www.art4antioch.org/ahs.asp .

Park Middle School Taste of Italy: 5-10 p.m. April 5, VFW, 815 Fulton Shipyard
Road, Antioch. Raffle prizes, a silent auction, sports memorabilia, live music
and a no-host bar. All proceeds will benefit school programs. $30. For
information or donations, call 925-779-7420.

Health

Blood Drive: 2-7 p.m. Feb. 18, Lone Tree Golf and Event Center, 800 Golf Course
Road. Sponsored by the Antioch Rotary Club. To shedular and appointment, call
866-236-3276,www.redcrossblood.org . Use sponsor ANTIOCHROTARY.

Sutter Delta Seeing Volunteers: For those with extra time on their hands,
volunteer to drive the parking lot shuttle. You must submit a DMV report to be
eligible. Apply online atwww.sutterdelta.org or in person at the volunteer desk
9 a.m.-4 p.m. Monday-Friday, 3901 Lone Tree Way, Antioch.

Anonymous HOW meets: 7 p.m. Tuesdays, Antioch Kaiser, 4501 Sand Creek Road. For
details and meeting room location, call Nori, 925-267-3697.

John Muir Health Caring Hands Caregivers Program seeking volunteers: Help the
elderly and persons with disabilities to get to a doctor's appointment, go to
the grocery store, get hair cuts and other daily needs. Call Linda Groobin,
925-952-2999, or emaillgroobin@johnmuirhealth.com .

Sutter Delta-Living Well with Diabetes: 10 a.m.-noon Wednesdays, Sutter Delta
Medical Center, Edna Fallman Education Center, 3901 Lone Tree Way, Antioch.
Learn about weight, exercise, diet, medication, resources and more. For dates
and registration, call Wendy, 925-779-3575.

Sutter Delta-Breast Cancer support group: A breast cancer support group
sponsored by the American Cancer Society meets 2-3:30 p.m. second Wednesday,
Sutter Delta Medical Center, Edna Fallman Education Center, 3901 Lone Tree Way,
Antioch. 925-779-3570. No registration required.

Workshops/CLASSES

Immigration Workshop: 6-8 p.m. Feb. 11, Pittsburg Library, 80 Power Ave. A
workshop to answer any questions you might have regarding immigration law.
Families will see a lawyer on a first-come, first-served basis with a free
consultation. 925-427-8390

Free Tax Filing Assistance: Tax-Aide, an AARP-sponsored program. Appointments:
Antioch Senior Center, 925-778-1158; Pittsburg Senior Center, 925-252-4890;
Brentwood Senior Center appointments made on site on Wednesdays only, 193
Griffith Lane. Filing assistance will be from Feb. 5 through April 10. For more
information, call Sally, 925-684-3505.

Get Fit Now: 6-9:30 p.m. Monday-Thursday; 4:30-7:30 p.m. Fridays. Drop in the
fully equipped weight room at the Ambrose Community Center, 3105 Willow Pass
Road, to get in shape. Drop-in $5; monthly $20.
925-485-1601,jdelorenzo@ambroserec.org .

Free Internet Access: Opportunity Junction offers free Internet access for job
searches, finding community resources and language learning 6-9 p.m.
Monday-Thursday, 3102 Delta Fair Blvd., Antioch.
925-776-1133,www.opportunityjunction.org .

English as a Second Language (ESL) class: 6-7:30 p.m. Thursdays ongoing. Bay
Point Career Center, Ambrose Recreation Center, 3105 Willow Pass Road, Suite 3,
Bay Point. Free. 925-252-2331.

English as a Second Language (ESL) class: 6-9 p.m. Tuesdays and Thursdays
ongoing. Opportunity Junction, 3102 Delta Fair Blvd., Antioch. Free.
925-776-1133,www.opportunityjunction.org .

Miscellaneous

Antioch Bocce Federation: Has openings for four teams. Games are held at 6:30
p.m. either Tuesdays or Thursdays at Chichibu Park at Longview Road and Acorn
Drive in Antioch. The new season starts April 29 and runs through August, with
playoffs starting in early September. Teams consist of 6-10 players of all ages.
Team entry fee is $210. For those who don't have a full team, you may be placed
on an existing team. Information: 925-754-0916.

Meals on Wheels: Seeking volunteer drivers for meal-delivery routes in Pittsburg
and Antioch. Commit two hours once a week between 10:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m. Help
make a tremendous difference in the lives of seniors in need. Sharon Fitzgerald,
925-937-8607.

Modified Motorcycle Association: Meets 7:30 p.m. third Thursdays ongoing, Red
Caboose, 210 Fulton Shipyard Road, Antioch. Learn what the MMA is about, keep
informed about current motorcycle laws and legislation. Michael Bruno,
925-383-6900, or 916-470-2938.

Emailbnews@bayareanewsgroup.com to submit an event.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            November 6, 2006 Monday
                              West Volusia Edition

AT YOUR SERVICE

SECTION: SECTION C; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 1456  words


VOLUNTEERS

The United Way Volunteer Center matches volunteers with nonprofit community
agencies. The following listings are for volunteers 18 years and older with
flexible hours available unless otherwise noted. A background check is required
and training provided for most listings. For these and other volunteer
opportunities, call the Volunteer Center, (386) 253-0563, ext. 239, or see Web
site: www.1- 800-volunteer.org/1800Vol/volusia-flagler/vcindex.do.

Volusia/Flagler counties

New This Month*Center for the Visually Impaired -- Recruiting board members
experienced in financial management, fundraising, government, medical and
planning.*Marineland -- Volunteers in assisting guests and serving as an exhibit
guide.*Pig Tails Sanctuary -- Need helpers at the wild pig shelter in
Bunnell.*United Way (Special Events) -- Volunteers are needed to assist with set
up/tear down, gate/ticket-takers and Kids Zone support for the Daytona Cubs
Second Annual World Series of Chili Cookoff on Nov. 19.*Volunteer Center of the
United Way -- 60 to 80 people needed to prepare simple individual tax returns
for the 2007 season. Training provided.*Volunteer Center of the United Way --
Seeking members for the advisory committee that will attend 10 meetings a year
and assist with Volunteer Center events. Specifically seeking individuals with
background in communications, community relations, consulting, fundraising,
human relations, special events and training.

Other Opportunities*Alzheimer's Association -- Clerical staff needed. Also,
community educators, support group facilitators and council members.*American
Cancer Society -- Transport cancer patients to treatment, assist patients in
gift closet, cosmetologists for the Look Better Feel Better Program, breast
cancer survivors to provide support for breast cancer patients.*American Red
Cross -- To respond to local and national disasters, teach life saving courses,
assist with administrative and other clerical duties.*Big Brothers and Big
Sisters of Volusia County -- To help children reach their potential through
one-on-one mentoring.*Bureau of Braille & Talking Book Library -- Monitors
needed for digital recording program to check narration accuracy. Volunteers
fluent in Spanish and reading for recording program and for processing of
cassette books.*Catholic Charities -- Assist in bagging groceries for
distribution. Help with telephones for two mornings a week.*Child Care Resource
Network -- Volunteers needed to read to pre-school children, as part of the
"Story Pals" programs.*Children's Home Society -- To perform odd jobs and light
maintenance (no cleaning) for offices and group homes for children. Group needed
for landscaping project and board members needed for different
activities.*Citizen Corps -- Various community volunteer programs needing
citizens to assist in making the community safer and better prepared to respond
to an emergency.*Community Based Care -- Committee members needed with skills in
public relations, marketing, sponsorship and fundraising. Also need grant
writers and special event volunteers.*Community Legal Services -- Pro bono
attorney program needs volunteers to help with clerical duties, basic computer,
telemarketing and creating, packaging and delivery of thank you gifts.*Council
On Aging -- Help needed with foster grandparents and Respite Care Centers.
Provide stimulating activities for care recipients while caregivers get a much
needed break. *Domestic Abuse Council -- Office work, database entry, and
sorting donations at a thrift store.*Family Renew Community -- Clerks and
cashiers to work in the Secret Attic Thrift Store. Receptionist needed in
Daytona Beach.*Flagler Humane Society -- Greeter position, special events, grant
writing and help clean and walk dogs and cats.*Florida Hospital Memorial
HospiceCare -- Provide respite, companionship, run errands for
patient/caregivers and for clerical assistance.*Grace House Pregnancy Resource
Center -- Clerical/Center helper, receptionist, boutique assistant and client
advocate.*Guardian Ad Litem -- To advocate for the best interest of children who
are alleged to be abused, neglected or abandoned. Representative for child,
protect and follow process of children during family crisis, court proceedings
and after court.*Halifax Urban Ministries -- Volunteers needed to help bag
groceries for distribution.*Hospice of the Palm Coast -- Volunteers needed for
patient and family support. No hands-on care.*Hospice of Volusia/Flagler
Counties -- For resale shop, cooking, visiting patients, helping the bereaved
and office work.*Marine Science Center (Ponce Inlet) -- Help support marine
animals, education and special events.*Meals On Wheels/Council On Aging -- To
deliver meals to homebound seniors. Mileage reimbursement is available.*Museum
of Arts and Sciences -- For front desk check- in, gift shop and park and event
volunteers.*Ormond Beach Police Victim Advocacy -- Volunteers needed to
follow-up and provide moral support for victims, file injunctions and computer
entry.*Pace Center for Girls -- Tutors in areas of math, reading and English.
Volunteer to run "Fun Friday" period of recreational training in arts and crafts
and personal skills. Administrative help with phones, copies, bulletin boards
and handyman needed.*Ponce de Leon Inlet Lighthouse - - For tour guides,
education, gift shop and library archives.*Port Orange Police Department Victim
Advocate Program -- For emergency call outs (nights/weekends) and court
advocacy.*Salvation Army -- For disaster response to man mobile feeding units,
prepare food, pack boxes, and assist with paperwork and other related
jobs.*Seniornet Volusia/Flagler Learning Center -- To assist instructors in
classroom teaching seniors computer courses at various levels.*Serenity House of
Volusia -- Volunteers needed for administrative and clerical duties. Board
members needed with a background in accounting, government,
mergers/collaborations, real estate and religion.*South Daytona Police
Department -- Front desk volunteers.*Sugar Mill Gardens, Port Orange -- General
gardening needed, assistance in special events and gardening programs. Also,
help with weddings.*Volusia County Schools -- Mentors needed for "at risk"
students. Also needed elementary reading tutors.*Volusia/Flagler Coalition for
the Homeless -- Organizing donation packages, janitorial/handyman work and
administrative assistant.

TO SUBMIT INFORMATION: e-mail greg.lienesch@news-jrnl.com or fax (386) 252-4428.

ALSO CHECK OUT: www.news-journalonline.com*COMING NEXT MONDAY:

Support Groups.

HOTLINES

Abortions Anonymous: (386) 253-4325.

Act Corporation: Behavioral and mental health-care services in Volusia and
Flagler counties. (800) 539-4228.

Alcoholics Anonymous Services: Information and assistance, (888) 756-2930; (386)
756-2930 Volusia County and (386) 445-4357 for Flagler County.

Alzheimer's Association: (386) 238-0066.

American Red Cross: Volusia/Flagler counties, (386) 226-1400.

Beach House: A place of safety for runaway and homeless youths. (800) 539-4228.

Council on Aging Hotline: 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., weekdays. (386) 253- 4700.

Crime Stoppers of Northeast Florida: Callers can give local law enforcement
agencies tips about illegal activity, anonymously if they prefer, and could be
eligible for a reward of up to $1,000. (888) 277- 8477.

Department of Children and Families, Abuse Hotline: (800) 962- 2873.

Domestic Abuse Council: 24-hour help for victims of spouse abuse. (386) 255-2102
or 738-4080 (DeLand), (800) 500-1119.

Family Life Center: Services for domestic violence victims in Flagler County.
(800) 500-1119; (386) 437-3505.

First Call For Help: 24-hour information line for complete access for community
services in Volusia and Flagler Counties, operated by the United Way. (386)
253-0563; (877) 253-9010 toll-free out of area.

Florida AIDS Hotline: (800) 352-2437.

Food Addicts in Recovery Anonymous: (386) 258-0610 or visit www.foodaddicts.org.

Gamblers Anonymous: Twelve-step program for people addicted to gambling. (800)
397-9843.

The House Next Door: Counseling and Parent Education. (386) 734- 7571 or (386)
734-2236.

Narcotics Anonymous: (386) 831-1660 or (800) 477-0731.

National Runaway Hot Line: Confidential hot line for runaways. (800) 621-4000.

Overeaters Anonymous: (800) 522-2792; http:www.oa.org.

Pregnancy Crisis Center: 24-hour help line. (386) 257-2229.

Secular Organizations for Sobriety: (386) 671-1921 or e-mail DaytonaSOS@aol.com

Sexaholics Anonymous: For information and location, call (386) 255- 0001.

S-Anon: Self-help for family and friends of sexaholics. (386) 788- 9155.

Stewart-Marchman Treatment Center: (888) 516-2296.

Suicide Prevention Hot Line: Twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. (800)
539-4228.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Members of Stetson University's Delta Sigma Phi fraternity
helped build a bridge on Oct. 28 as part of "Make a Difference Day." According
to the United Way, the event was a huge success. People can still make a
difference by calling the United Way Volunteer Center at (386) 253-0563, ext.
240. News-Journal/ CHAD PILSTER

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2006 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2006 News-Journal Corporation


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

NDP pledges help for arts through underused government buildings

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 767 words


FREDERICTON?*?NDP Leader Dominic Cardy envisions a day when hundreds of
thousands of square feet of wasted government office space is turned into
artists' studios.

At a campaign stop in a trendy part of downtown Fredericton on Thursday, Cardy
said an NDP government would hand over underused government buildings to help
artists thrive, similar to efforts in Detroit, which has had its own serious
struggles to bring back life and vibrancy to its abandoned, shelled-out core.

"Artists say they are leaving the province because they don't get the necessary
support," said Cardy, who sits as a volunteer on the board of the Charlotte
Street Arts Centre in Fredericton. "There isn't that recognition of the arts
industry and how important it is to the province."

As part of his boost to the arts, Cardy would also create a tax credit to lower
the costs on rental space for arts and culture purposes if he wins the Sept. 22
provincial election. And he says an NDP government would work with community
colleges to provide better small-business training for artists. As a further
incentive, it would allow municipalities to create legislation enabling cultural
districts and art enterprise zones.

"What we want to encourage in every area of the economy is more risk-taking,
more entrepreneurship. So in this case with the arts and culture community,
let's give more low-cost studio space to artists who need to find their first
exhibit space."

By painting himself as a friend of artists and small businesses, Cardy is
continuing to try to distinguish his party as different from New Brunswick's
traditional governing parties, the Tories and the Liberals, which he accuses of
being too friendly with big business and giving too many corporate handouts.

"Artists are small-business people," Cardy said. "They shouldn't have to spend
time filling out complicated tax forms and grant applications. They should be
able to spend their time being creative and growing their art business."

The Liberals also say they will invest in culture but without providing much
detail in their platform on how that will happen. It speaks of increasing
investment to support cultural initiatives and ensuring the province's tourism
strategy maximizes the value of the cultural sector. Leader Brian Gallant also
says he will create a 10-year education plan that includes opportunities for
students in music and the arts.

The Tories, meanwhile, say they will work with the arts community to make sure a
new arts and culture policy is put in place. Leader David Alward previously
announced a Progressive Conservative government would introduce a three per cent
levy on hotel accommodations that would be used for tourism promotion, with the
money being controlled at the local level. The current rules allow hotels to
voluntarily contribute to such a fund.

Cardy did not provide any details on how much his arts and culture plank would
cost taxpayers. He said it would be difficult to gauge how many people would
take advantage of the tax credit, and it was entirely possible that if his
policy works and helps promote more business, tax revenues would actually
increase to the province's coffers.

Earlier in the day, Cardy spoke with 18 residents who came out to see him at the
Pine Grove Nursing Home in Fredericton, reminding the seniors he was running an
NDP campaign that was different from the old ones that promised a lot of
government spending. He said he wanted to cut back on the number of government
departments so the money could be reinvested into core public services such as
health care and education. He also repeated his call for an end to corporate
handouts after being questioned by resident Terry MacPherson, who has been at
the nursing home for a year after being transferred from a similar institution
in Boiestown.

"We need way fewer government departments," MacPherson said. "It would be better
to have four, just the most important ones."

Cardy said he would get a copy of the NDP's platform to MacPherson, just to show
that he wasn't being a typical politician by making promises on the spot. The
NDP platform calls for reducing the number of government departments from 17 to
10.

Cardy also repeated his pledge to disband the Department of Economic Development
and stop issuing special grants and loans to big business.

After that, Cardy joined the United Way campaign kickoff at the Delta Hotel in
the capital. The leader was then going to attend a community barbeque in
Hanwell, which is part of his riding. In the evening, he was to do a volunteer
shift slinging beer at Fredericton's Harvest Jazz and Blues festival.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Copyright 2009 ICC Information Group Ltd.
                         ICC Financial Analysis Reports
            ICC Information Limited is not an investment adviser and
          makes no warranties regarding merchantability or suitability
                     of material for a particular purpose.

                                January 27, 2009

                             NEW FOCUS HEALTH CARE

                            DELTA PARK, CONCORDE WAY
                               SEGENSWORTH NORTH
                                FAREHAM SO31 4RF


TRADE ADDRESS: 2 South Point Hamble, Southampton Hampshire SO31 4RF

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
REGISTRATION NO.: 01847802

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: September 12, 1984

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

HOLDING COMPANY:  ASPECT VISION HOLDINGS LIMITED
ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY:  COOPER COMPANIES INC.



TOP SUBSIDIARIES BY TURNOVER
Registration    Company Name               Turnover
No.
01134463        ASPECT VISION CARE        26,177,00
                LIMITED                           0
-               -                                 -
-               -                                 -
-               -                                 -
-               -                                 -
-               -                                 -
-               -                                 -
-               -                                 -
-               -                                 -
-               -                                 -

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Carol Rose Kaufman, Legal Executive
     ·    Mr Eugene Joseph Midlock, Chief Financial Officer


Go To ICC Directors
SECRETARY:

     ·    JAMES PETERHENDERSON, ACCOUNTANT


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
PRINCIPLE ACTIVITIES: NW A group engaged in the manufacture and wholesale of
contact
INDUSTRY TYPE:
COMPANY TYPE:  Private Unlimited with share capital::Private Unlimited with
share capital::
COMPANY SIZE:  Dissolved company

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC:
74150 - Management activities of holding companies

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: October 31, 2001
FISCAL YEAR END: April 30

LAST FILED ACCOUNTS:  October 31, 2007
ACCOUNTS TYPE:  Dormant
ACCOUNTS LODGED DATE:  August 29, 2008
ANNUAL RETURN:  September 14, 2007
CREDIT LIMIT:  Z

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS
Date of Accounts                           31/10/200 31/10/200 31/10/199
                                                   1         0         8
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Tangible Assets                            1,119,000 1,119,000 1,119,000
Intangible Assets                                  0         0         0
Total Fixed Assets                         1,119,000 1,119,000 1,119,000
Stocks                                             0         0         0
Debtors                                            0         0         0
Cash                                               0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Assets                 305,000   305,000   305,000
Other Current Assets                         305,000   305,000   305,000
Total Current Assets                         305,000   305,000   305,000
Fixed Assets                                       -         -         -
Intermediate Assets                                -         -         -
Due From Group, Non Current                        0         0         0
Due From Group, Current                      305,000   305,000   305,000
TOTAL ASSETS                               1,424,000 1,424,000 1,424,000



LIABILITIES
Date of Accounts                           31/10/200 31/10/200 31/10/199
                                                   1         0         8
                                                 GBP       GBP       GBP
Creditors                                          0         0         0
Bank Overdraft                                     0         0         0
Miscellaneous Current Liabilities                  0         0         0
Bank Loans - Current Portion                       -         -         -
Other Short Term Finance                           -         -         -
Due To Group, Current                              0         0         0
Due To Directors, Current                          0         0         0
Other Current Liabilities                          -         -         -
Short Term Loans                                   -         -         -
Long Term Loans                                    -         -         -
Long Term Bank Loan                                -         -         -
Other Long Term Finance                            -         -         -
Due To Group, Non Current                          0         0         0
Due To Directors, Non Current                      0         0         0
Other Long Term Liabilities                        -         -         -
Total Current Liabilities                          0         0         0
Total Long Term Liabilities                        0         0         0
TOTAL LIABILITIES                                  0         0         0
Called Up Share Capital and Sundry           325,000   325,000   325,000
Reserves
Profit & Loss Account Reserve              1,099,000 1,099,000 1,099,000
Revaluation Reserve                                0         0         0
Shareholder Funds                          1,424,000 1,424,000 1,424,000
Called Up Share Capital                            -         -         -
Sundry Reserves (Including Grants)                 -         -         -
Contingent Liabilities                             -         -         -
NET ASSETS                                 1,424,000 1,424,000 1,424,000


* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT
Date of Accounts   31/10/200 31/10/200 31/10/199
                           1         0         8
                         GBP       GBP       GBP
Total Sales                0         0         -
Cost of Sales              0         0         -
Gross Profit               0         0         -
Operating Profit           -         -         -
Export                     -         -         -
Nontrading Income          -         -         -
Interest Payable           -         -         -
Pretax Profit              0         0         -
Taxation                   -         -         -
Profit After Tax           -         -         -
Dividends Payable          -         -         -
Retained Profits           -         -         -
Value Added                -         -         -
Capital Employed   1,424,000 1,424,000 1,424,000
Net Worth          1,424,000 1,424,000 1,424,000
Working Capital      305,000   305,000   305,000
Emp. Renumeration          -         -         -
Dir. Renumeration          -         -         -
Audit Fees                 -         -         -
Non-audit Fees             -         -         -
Depreciation               -         -         -
Number of                  -         -         -
Employees

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *


GROWTH RATES
Date of Accounts        2      3      5
                    Years  Years  Years
                      GBP    GBP    GBP
Sales                   -      -      -
Pretax                  -      -      -
Total Assets            -      0      -
Current Assets          -      0      -
Current                 -      -      -
Liabilities
Capital Employed        -      0      -
Employee Wages          -      -      -
Number of               -      -      -
Employees



INDUSTRY AVERAGES
Compared to 19,638 companies in the same industry
sector
(year ending 2001)
SIC Code:
74150 Management activities of holding companies



INDUSTRY QUARTILES
                                                      Lower   Median    Upper
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                  -0.01     0.00    12.11
Pretax Profit / Total Assets (%)                      -0.30     0.00     6.39
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                            -19.09    10.96    79.56
Sales / Total Assets (%)                               0.00     0.00     0.56
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales) x        6.89     0.00     0.00
365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   0.07     0.82     2.21
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                   -        -        -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees (GBP)  16,846.1 31,400.0 56,333.3
                                                          5        0        3
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      0.00     0.00 55,325.2
                                                                            0
Wages / Turnover (%)                                  76.74    44.91    22.91



CREDIT RATING
Year  0         Dissolved or dissolution action
=                                       pending
Year -1           Dormant, non-trading or agent
=
Year -2           Dormant, non-trading or agent
=
Year -3           Dormant, non-trading or agent
=

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
Date of Accounts                                1/10/200 31/10/200 31/10/199
                                                       1         0         8
Pretax Profit / Capital Employed (%)                0.00      0.00         -
Pretax Profit / Assets (%)                          0.00      0.00         -
Pretax Profit / Shareholders Funds (%)              0.00      0.00         -
Pretax Profit / Sales (%)                              -         -         -
Sales / Total Assets (%)                            0.00      0.00         -
Sales / Fixed Assets (%)                               -         -         -
Export / Sales (%)                                     -         -         -
Working Capital / Sales (%)                            -         -         -
Sales / Stocks                                         -         -         -
Credit Period In Days (Trade Debtors / Sales )         -         -         -
x 365
Current Assets / Current Liabilities                   -         -         -
Quick Assets / Current Liabilities                     -         -         -
Total Debt / Net Worth (%)                             -         -         -
Shareholders Funds / Total Assets                   1.00      1.00      1.00
Long Term Debt / Net Worth (%)                         -         -         -
Interest / Pre Interest Profit (%)                     -         -         -
Current Liabilities / Stocks                           -         -         -
Employee Remuneration / Number Of Employees            -         -         -
(GBP)
Employee Remuneration / Sales (%)                      -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Number Of Employees (GBP)              -         -         -
Sales / Number Of Employees (GBP)                      -         -         -
Capital Employed / Number Of Employees                 -         -         -
Fixed Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Total Assets / Number Of Employees (GBP)               -         -         -
Pretax Profit / Value Added (%)                        -         -         -
Value Added / Sales (%)                                -         -         -
Value Added / Number Of Employees (GBP)                -         -         -
Value Added / Employee Remuneration                    -         -         -
Sales / Audit Fees                                     -         -         -
Total Assets / Audit Fees                              -         -         -
Creditors / Debtors                                    -         -         -
Total Debt / Working Capital                           -         -         -
Total Debt / Total Assets                              -         -         -

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: GBP 1,424,000

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
BANKER: NATWEST BANK

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           October 21, 2010 Thursday

Districts 55A, 55B, (North St. Paul, Maplewood): DFLers defend seats

BYLINE: By Deepta Holalkere dholalkere@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: NORTH ZONE STORIES

LENGTH: 812 words


Challengers will face off against the incumbents in the state House of
Representatives seats in District 55.

In District 55A, current DFL state Rep. Leon Lillie is opposed by Republican
Nathan Hansen of Hansen Law Office and Joe Polencheck, of the Independence
Party, an employee with the St. Paul Public Housing Agency.

Meanwhile, District 55B incumbent Nora Slawik, a DFLer who has held her seat the
past five elections, is being challenged by Republican Damon Dolton of Oakdale.

The candidates are:

NATHAN MYRUM HANSEN, 34 (GOP)

City: North St. Paul

Family: Wife April; son Hunter

Education: B.A., University of Minnesota, Twin Cities; J.D., University of North
Dakota School of Law; graduate work, University of Oslo Faculty of Law

Occupation: Attorney

Relevant experience: Minnesota Department of Corrections, central office, over
four years; self-employed attorney, over seven years. At Corrections, I was a
student worker and later a management analyst. As an attorney I have appeared in
criminal and civil cases, and in the Court of Appeals, where I have two
successful published cases.

If budget cuts were needed, what would you cut? I would cut any corporate
welfare and subsidies first and hold people in need harmless as much as
possible. Having worked for the state, I know there is an inexorable increase in
bureaucracy. This needs to be cut and the next governor needs to appoint good
commissioners to do it.

Why vote for you? I care about people and my community. I will do my best to be
responsive and to repeal unjust and intrusive laws and promote freedom. For
example, the state takes our children's DNA at birth and gives it away to
corporations for research. This sort of thing has to end.

Contact: hansenformnhouse.com ; 651-704-9600

LEON M. LILLIE, 49 (DFL, INCUMBENT)

City: North St. Paul

Family: Wife Missy; children Taylor, Mikhail and Krystin

Education: Political science major at Luther College, Decorah, Iowa

Occupation: Delta Air Lines, ground worker

Relevant experience? Have been honored to serve Maplewood and North St. Paul in
the Minnesota House for the last six years. Prior to that served on the North
St. Paul City Council.

If budget cuts were needed, what would you cut? There is no question that
spending cuts will be a part of a balanced budget next year. My priority is to
protect schools, jobs and public safety while working to make government more
efficient and accountable. I always look first to cut administrative overhead,
inefficient programs and duplicative services.

Why vote for you? I care deeply about this community. I've stood up for the
things we care about most -- great schools, good jobs and safe neighborhoods.
I've made tough decisions to cut spending and hold the line on taxes, and I
won't stop working to get Minnesota back on track.

Contact: 651-770-9260; llillie@comcast.net

JOE POLENCHECK, 60 (IP)

City: Maplewood

Family: Married, three children

Education: North St. Paul graduate, 1968

Occupation: Maintenance worker, St. Paul Public Housing Agency

Relevant experience: Union steward for Local 132 of the Construction and General
Laborer Union

If budget cuts were needed, what would you cut? I have ideas to cut per diem for
state legislators. The rest of the budget can be balanced without raising taxes.

Why vote for you? Because I believe current legislators are not capable of
thinking outside the box they are in, they either think the only thing to do is
raise taxes or cut corporate taxes and don't know there is actually a middle
ground.

Contact: anotheraveragejoe@hotmail .com

NORA SLAWIK, 47 (DFL, INCUMBENT)

City: Maplewood

Family: Children, Sean, Tori

Education: University of Minnesota, MPA; Arizona State University, B.S.

Occupation: Educator, member of state House

Relevant experience: More than 20 years working for nonprofit organizations,
currently as an educator at the Humphrey Institute, University of Minnesota.
Serves as the chair of the Early Childhood Finance and Policy Committee; lead
committee budget appropriations; founded bipartisan Early Childhood Caucus;
initiated and passed several bills.

If budget cuts were needed, what would you cut? Strategic budget cuts that
protect our priorities will certainly be part of balancing the budget in 2011. I
favor spending reforms that streamline government programs and eliminate
agencies that no longer work. I also believe there is room to reduce
administrative overhead while still maintaining quality services that
Minnesotans expect.

Why vote for you? Thanks, Oakdale and Maplewood residents, for the honor of
representing you. Minnesotans still face significant challenges and I want to
continue to work on creating and maintaining jobs, increasing student
achievement and making health care accessible and affordable. Together we will
keep our communities great places to live and work.

Contact: noraslawik.com ; 651-296-7807

DAMON DOLTON (GOP)

Did not respond

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                               May 4, 2007 Friday

HEALTH HAPPENINGS

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LOCAL; News; Eastern Contra Costa; My Town

LENGTH: 889 words


Announcement forms may be obtained by calling 925-779-7173 or e-mailing
shargis@cctimes.com .

EVENTS UnitedHealthcare Children's Foundation -- California parents with
children in need of medical services or equipment not fully covered by health
insurance can apply for a grant up to $5,000. For information:
http://www.uhccf.org .

Power wheel chairs available -- Miracle on Wheels makes available electric power
wheelchairs to non-ambulatory senior citizens, 65 years-and older, and the
permanently disabled of any age. For information and qualifications:
1-800-749-8778, http://www.jaspanmedical.com . American Red Cross Blood Drives
-- 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com to schedule appointment.

May 21, 1-7 p.m. Church of Christ, 1020 E. Tregallas Road, Antioch.
Appointments: 800-448-3543 or http://www.beadonor.com .

     ·    Sutter Delta Medical Center -- 3901 Lone Tree Way, Antioch, offers the
          following health event:


I'm no Longer a Caregiver, Now What?, 7-8:30 p.m. May 10. The Rev. Margaretmary
Staller of Aseracare Hospice will share with families who have lost a loved one
and the importance of acknowledging feelings of grief. Registration:
925-284-7942. Nutrition and Cancer Treatment, 4-6 p.m. May 15. Learn what to
eat, how to hydrate and how to establish nutritional goals during and after
cancer treatment. Free. Reservations: 925-779-3570.

Keys to Living Well with Diabetes, 4-5:30 p.m. Wednesdays through May 30. A
series of classes to help people gain a better understanding about diabetes.
Registration: 925-779-3686. Spousal Loss Support Group, 2:30-4 p.m. Thursday
through June 21. Fallman Education Center. Reservations: 925-779-3686.

Maternity tours, 11 a.m.-7:30 p.m. first and third Mondays monthly.
925-779-7230.

     ·    The Wellness Community -- 3276 McNutt Avenue, Walnut Creek, offers the
          following health events:



     ·    John Muir Medical Center, Brentwood Campus -- 2400 Balfour Road,
          Brentwood. 925-674-2586 offers the following health events:


New Parent Group, 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Lactation: First and third Mondays
facilitated by a board-certified lactation consultant. Other Mondays will be
focused topics and open discussion on various parenting issues. Registration:
925-941-7900, option 3, johnmuirhealth.com.


     ·    John Muir Health and Fitness Institute -- 2231 Galaxy Court, Concord,
          925-798-9401 offers the following health events:


Body fat testing, provides body composition screening. Fee is $25-50. Contact:
925-798-9401 for appointment.

One-on-one fitness evaluation, fee ranges from $90-150. Contact: 925-798-9401
for appointment. Personal exercise training prescription, receive a functional
and realistic exercise prescription by an experienced fitness specialist.
Contact: 925-798-9401 for fees and information.


     ·    John Muir Women's Health Center -- 1656 N. California Blvd., Walnut
          Creek, offers the following health events:


Breast in the Best -- 10 a.m.-noon Wednesdays. This weekly drop in class is for
breast feeding mothers to come for basic education about general feeding,
supplementing, pumping and storing. Free. Reservations: 925-941-7900 or
http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .

Osteoporosis Exercise, 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays. For anyone who has been
diagnosed with osteoporosis. Learn general information, exercise techniques and
precautions. Free. Reservations: 925-941-7900 or http://www.johnmuirhealth.com .
Post Partum Depression/Anxiety Group, Get help with excessive worries about
yourself or your baby. Call 510-273-9548 for date, times and registration.

Itsy Bitsy Roly Poly Play Group, Tuesdays through May 29. A series designed
specifically for mothers and their new babies. Form lasting friendships in a
special small-group environment. Call for times. $80 for five weeks.
Registration: 925-941-7900. Baby Boot Camp, 11:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Fridays
through May 25. Offers three- and four-week indoor and outdoor strength training
classes designed for mom and baby. Fees and registration: 925-941-7900.

Osteoporosis and Gentle Exercise, 9:30-10:30 a.m. Fridays through May 25. This
class is for anyone who has been diagnosed with osteoporosis. Learn exercise
techniques and precautions. $5 per class. Registration: 925-941-7900. Mommy and
Me Infant Massage, 9:30-11 a.m. Fridays through May 18. Massage can relax,
soothe and deepen bonding between caregiver and baby. $75 for three classes.
Registration: 925-941-7900.

First Mondays for Women, Connect with other women on the first Monday of each
month and make new friends. Guest speakers, professional and personal support.
$10 per evening. Times and registration: 925-941-7900. Introduction to
Meditation, 1-2:30 p.m. May 7. Explores how meditation can positively affect
your health, well-being and outlook on life. $10. Registration: 925-941-7900.

HEALTH CLASSES

     ·    Health and Fitness Institute of John Muir -- 2231 Galaxy Court,
          Concord, 925-798-9401, offers the following classes:


CPR and First Aid: American Heart Association infant, child and adult CPR
certification available. Course covers breathing, airway obstruction and CPR.
Fee $55. 925-798-9401. CPR for health care providers: American Heart Association
basic life support for health care providers. Certification course includes
rescue breathing, airway obstruction, one- and two-rescuer CPR and external
defibrillator. Cost: $80 for a two-year certification. For times, dates and
registration 925-798-9401.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 3, 2002 Thursday

Northwest flight staff faces extended leaves Layoffs possible if plan falls
short

BYLINE: MARTIN J. MOYLAN Pioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 513 words


Northwest Airlines said Wednesday that 1,600 flight attendants must start or
renew work leaves or the airline will have to lay off hundreds of them.

"If we get enough volunteers, then we don't furlough," said Northwest
spokeswoman Mary Beth Schubert. "But based on past history, we anticipate that
it is possible that about 500 flight attendants may need to be furloughed by the
end of the year."

Following the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks that sent air travel plummeting, Northwest
laid off about 300 attendants. In addition, some 2,500 flight attendants took
unpaid leaves of one to 12 months.

But those and subsequent leaves are expiring while air travel is expected to
stay below normal the rest of this year and into 2003.

So, Northwest says it's time to introduce a new leave program that aligns flight
attendant staffing with an expected decline in flights.

"The entire industry continues to suffer the impact of a drop in travel demand,"
said Northwest president Doug Steenland in a prepared statement. "The new flight
attendant staffing requirements are reflective of Northwest's anticipated level
of flying."

Through the end of August, Northwest transported 35.9 million passengers, about
9.5 percent fewer than it carried during the same period in 2001.

Between 900 and 1,200 flight attendants are currently on leave, estimates Mollie
Reiley, trustee of Teamsters Local 2000, which represents flight attendants at
Eagan-based Northwest. The airline could not provide its own count Wednesday.

"We know we will have some furloughs," said Reilly, a flight attendant for 30
years.

Recent short-term leave offers for November and December were not as generous as
leaves Northwest offered shortly after the terrorist attacks, she said.

The recent offers included health benefits but did not allow employees to accrue
pension, sick leave or vacation benefits, she said.

The leave program Northwest announced Wednesday grants leaves of 1-12 months. It
permits employees to retain seniority and recall rights and travel benefits but
not company-sponsored health care.

"We will do everything we can to fight this," said Reiley.

After the terrorist attacks, Northwest did not contest unemployment claims filed
by employees taking voluntary leaves, Reilly said. But in June, Northwest said
that it would challenge flight attendants' attempts to collect unemployment
while on leave.

Flight attendants earn between $18,500 and $50,000 a year, depending on
experience and assuming about 75 hours of flight time a month.

Separately, Northwest said it plans to move its Central Load Control weight and
balance center from Memphis to the Twin Cities.

It will integrate the CLC offices into the airline's System Operations Center
located at Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport.

The CLC move, which affects 71 customer service agents, will result in a
$200,000 reduction in rent and communication expenses for Northwest in Memphis.

Martin J. Moylan covers airlines. He can be reached at mmoylan@pioneerpress.com
or (651) 228-5479.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 1997 Saint Louis University School of Law
                       Saint Louis University Law Journal

                                  Summer, 1997

                             41 St. Louis L.J. 1005

LENGTH: 4780 words

SYMPOSIUM: ARBITRATION AS A MODEL FOR RESOLUTION OF HEALTH CARE DISPUTES BETWEEN
HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS AND HEALTH CARE ORGANIZATIONS

NAME: Josef Rohlik*

BIO: * Professor of Law at Saint Louis University School of Law and Member of
the National Academy of Arbitrators. This essay has been adapted from a
presentation given by the author at the Health Law Symposium Luncheon Roundtable
on March 21, 1996. Professor David Feller of the University of California at
Berkeley, who is a former President of the National Academy of Arbitrators,
participated in the Roundtable and made valuable remarks particularly on the
selection of arbitrators. Some of his remarks may be reflected in this essay.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  Arbitration is the primary method of private dispute resolution. ...  To
be enforceable, the arbitration clause must both provide for arbitration as the
exclusive forum for disputes within its scope, and either name the arbitrator or
provide the method of the arbitrator's selection. ...  One of the most important
issues to be addressed in the drafting stage is the scope of the arbitration
clause--that is, the determination of what it is that the parties wish to
arbitrate. If the parties wish to arbitrate only certain specific disputes under
the contract, the arbitration clause must expressly state which ones. ...  If
the parties agree to such an arbitration clause, they are held to that agreement
even if one party claims that the contract is null and void. ...  In arbitration
cases in which the relationship of the parties is governed by a contract of some
substance (in health care one can think of partnership agreements, employment
agreements, insurance agreements, agreements between a physician and a health
care organization, etc.), the primary role of the arbitrator is to interpret
that agreement and to analyze facts in light of that agreement. ...

TEXT:
 [*1005]

 Private dispute resolution is the resolution of private disputes agreed to by
parties to such disputes in which the decisionmaker is not a part of the public
system of administration of justice. Private dispute resolution is a phenomenon
that has existed for millennia. Arbitration is the primary method of private
dispute resolution. Arbitration is an adversary proceeding regulated by law only
in general terms; the great majority of the rules that regulate each individual
arbitration are established by the parties, the arbitrator, and by the
traditions and practices known to most arbitrators and to most advocates.

    It may be said that until the 1920s there was a judicial hostility to
arbitration in the United States. Courts refused to enforce agreements to
arbitrate future disputes called arbitration clauses. Since the 1920s, the
Federal Arbitration statute and state statutes have mandated enforcement of such
arbitration clauses. Nevertheless, in the pre-World War II United States the use
of arbitration was largely limited to certain trade or business settings. For
instance, articles of various trade associations required members to arbitrate
their disputes in order to obtain expert decisions and to maintain discipline
required by the articles of such associations.

    In connection with any discussion on arbitration, it is important to realize
that arbitration can be a desirable method of self-regulation by parties who
have something in common, and who desire that the decision-maker has certain
specialized expertise in addition to having the ability, knowledge and
temperament to conduct an impartial adversary proceeding and to render a fair
decision. For instance, it would appear only natural that a dispute between two
merchants in spices about the quality of peppercorns be decided by an expert in
the spice trade who is also an expert in peppercorns, who knows the practices in
the trade, who is a reputable member of the community, and who [*1006]  is
knowledgeable about the societal and legal climate of the given time. Such a
person can then be expected to be mindful of such general societal and legal
concepts as impartiality and fairness, and to blend these concepts with his or
her expertise in conducting a hearing and making a decision.

    In the United States in the second half of this century, arbitration has
mushroomed into a private method of administration of justice which, in terms of
the annual number of decisions, rivals public administration of justice by
courts and administrative agencies. Given that most citizens consider it
"normal" to resort to courts in the event of a dispute that the parties fail to
settle, the question is, what accounts for the rise of arbitration?

    The simplest answer to the question "why parties arbitrate" is that they
want to arbitrate. If parties to a dispute really want to arbitrate, the inquiry
should end. There are, of course, critics who suggest that the government should
oppose private self- regulation. However, law--particularly judge-made
law--continues to promote and expand arbitration. It is truly stunning to
discover that with the possible exception of cases involving civil rights,
arbitration and arbitrators are essentially not regulated any more today than
they were regulated in the 1960s.  n1

    The follow up question to "why do parties arbitrate?" is "why do parties
want to arbitrate?" The standard answer, found in the old logo of American
Arbitration Association, is "speed, economy, justice." A relatively recent
proposition promoted by advocates of "alternative dispute resolution" (ADR) is
that arbitration is a friendlier forum than the courts.

    Because arbitration awards may not be appealed,  n2 because extensive
discovery in arbitration proceedings is not favored, and because most
arbitrations do not require more than one day of hearing, it is obvious that
arbitration is faster and less costly than court proceedings, particularly if
court proceedings involve trial by jury. Private proceedings in a private room
with the arbitrator sitting at the end of the table may also provide a
friendlier or less intimidating atmosphere than judges and courtrooms do.

    However, the key to understanding advantages of arbitration for parties who
truly want to arbitrate is the profound difference between the nature of court
proceedings and the private resolution of disputes. Because courts [*1007]
perform a governmental function, many of the decisions of courts, particularly
those of appellate courts, are policy driven; i.e., the goals of the
decision-maker extend beyond the particular dispute and the parties. This means
that many litigants will find that the law and legal reasoning that judges have
used in deciding their cases are not necessarily limited by the facts of the
case. In addition, damages--particularly punitive damages--are considered by
courts to be conduct-regulating; that is, they are viewed as a societal vehicle
to correct both the behavior of the "loser" of the lawsuit and by way of example
also of those who are in the same position as the "loser."

    Arbitration decisions, on the other hand, are fact-driven (even though, as
will be mentioned below, arbitrators are not oblivious to societal trends and
certainly do apply well established law.) The entire arbitration process is
fact-driven because the source of the authority of the arbitrator is the
agreement of the parties, and because the arbitrator does not represent
governmental authority. The arbitrator's function is limited to the existing
dispute between specific parties. Parties who truly prefer arbitration to courts
usually desire fairly fast resolution of their dispute on the basis of facts,
and wish to put the dispute behind them and continue their life or business. In
cases in which parties have or wish to maintain a relationship, this attitude is
based on the recognition that some disputes are unavoidable, and that their
resolution on the basis of facts is a value in itself.

    The next follow-up question is whether there are parties who resort to
arbitration not because they truly prefer to arbitrate, but because arbitration
is the only reasonable choice. A related question is whether there are parties
who must arbitrate because they are forced to do so by a more powerful
(economically or otherwise) partner who insists on the arbitration clause as a
condition of a contract. The answer to both questions is, of course, that there
are such situations and such parties. It may also be said that the more
arbitration spreads into areas which used to fall into the province of courts,
the more such situations are likely to exist. Arbitration may be the only
reasonable choice because the courts are overburdened and it may take years to
obtain the final court decision. That is a fact of life, so to speak, and in the
face of that fact arbitration does what it is supposed to do; i.e., it ends the
dispute. As far as unequal bargaining power is concerned, that too is a fact of
life, and performance under the arbitration clause will often not differ from
the performance under other burdensome contractual provisions. Needless to say,
courts have power to decide the questions of validity and enforceability of
arbitration clauses and, consequently, are available to police the arbitration
process so that it is not tainted by disregard for standard notions of fair
play.

    The law in the United States regulates separately labor arbitration and
commercial arbitration. Labor arbitration is governed by Section 301 of the
National Labor Relations Act and by law made by federal courts. The parties to
labor arbitration are exclusively employers and unions, and unions are the
[*1008]  exclusive representatives of their members in arbitration. Any
arbitration that is not labor arbitration is called "commercial arbitration" and
is governed by federal and state law. Because most arbitrations in the health
care sector take place either among health care professionals (such as
physicians who are members of a partnership), between health care professionals
and a health care organization, or between patients and any other party, health
care-related arbitration is thus commercial arbitration.

    There are those aspects of arbitration to which anybody who intends to enter
into the agreement to arbitrate should pay particular attention: the drafting of
arbitration clauses; the selection of the arbitrator; and the very fact that the
primary role of the arbitrator is to interpret the entire contract between the
parties, i.e., the fact that contractual provisions are likely to be
outcome-determinative in arbitration.

    A contract establishes a relationship between the contracting parties.
Usually, an arbitration clause is a clause in such a contract. To be
enforceable, the arbitration clause must both provide for arbitration as the
exclusive forum for disputes within its scope, and either name the arbitrator or
provide the method of the arbitrator's selection. As will be suggested below,
the arbitrator is they key to fair proceedings and acceptable decisions. There
are other aspects of the arbitration clause which may be of substantial
importance to some or all parties. The locality where the hearing is to be held,
the party who will bear the cost of arbitration and of the arbitrator's fee, and
possibly the arbitrator's remedial powers are among these aspects.

    One of the most important issues to be addressed in the drafting stage is
the scope of the arbitration clause--that is, the determination of what it is
that the parties wish to arbitrate. If the parties wish to arbitrate only
certain specific disputes under the contract, the arbitration clause must
expressly state which ones.  n3 Alternatively, the parties may agree on a
so-called broad arbitration clause under which all disputes arising under the
contract must be arbitrated. If the parties agree to such an arbitration clause,
they are held to that agreement even if one party claims that the contract is
null and void. Under the Supreme Court decision Prima Paint v. Flood and
Conklin, a broad arbitration clause is severable from the rest of the contract.
n4 State courts have followed this decision.

    Another issue to be considered is whether the parties desire that the
decision contain an opinion which states reasons for the decision. Such an
[*1009]  opinion is not required by law, and indeed the rules of the American
Arbitration Association ("AAA") require only that the decision dispose of all
claims of the parties. Writing a well-reasoned opinion is a time consuming task
for the arbitrator, and it may be quite difficult for an arbitrator who is not
used to extensive writing in his or her business. However, arbitration awards
are often disseminated, at least through private channels, and the opinion may
be the best indication of the arbitrator's ability and judgment.  n5 Therefore,
arbitrators may have an incentive to write opinions. Moreover, the losing party
is rarely going to be satisfied by the award if it does not know why it lost.

    Quite often, instead of engaging in careful drafting of the arbitration
clause, the parties simply designate an administering agency in the clause and
provide that the arbitration will be conducted in accordance with that agency's
rules. Such agencies provide various services to the parties, including a
hearing room, exchange of documents, etc. These services often alleviate the
need for decision-making regarding crucial issues such as the locale of the
hearing. Most importantly, such an agency usually provides the parties with a
list of arbitrators from which to choose.

    The most prominent administering agency in the United States is the American
Arbitration Association, with headquarters in New York City and regional offices
around the country. The AAA has adopted rules for different industries and
services, including Health Care Claim Settlement Procedures.  n6

    Under these rules, the AAA has compiled a panel of arbitrators that includes
"health care professionals, attorneys, and public members including business
people and non-health care professionals."  n7

    Of particular importance is the rule relating to the selection of an
arbitrator for a particular dispute. Rule 7 of the Health Care Claim Settlement
Procedures reads:



   7. Selection of Arbitrator



Following receipt of the Request for Arbitration, the AAA shall submit
simultaneously to each party to the dispute an identical list of names along
with biographical information of persons chosen from the AAA's health care claim
settlement panel. If the amount of the claim or counterclaim does not exceed $
100,000, exclusive of interest and arbitration costs, the matter will be heard
by one arbitrator. Claims involving larger dollar amounts will be heard by a
panel of three arbitrators.

 [*1010]

For the selection of one arbitrator, the AAA will provide a list of attorneys as
proposed arbitrators. For the selection of three arbitrators, the AAA will
provide a list from its health care panel referred to in Section 2 of these
rules.



Each party to the dispute shall have ten (10) days from the mailing date in
which to cross off any names to which it objects, number the remaining names in
order of preference, and return the lists to the AAA. If a party does not return
the list within the time specified, all persons named therein shall be deemed
acceptable. The AAA shall invite the acceptance of an arbitrator to serve from
among the persons who have been approved on both lists, in accordance with the
designated order of mutual preference. If the parties fail to agree on any of
the persons named, or if acceptable arbitrators are unable to act, or if for any
reason the appointment cannot be made from the submitted lists, the AAA shall
have the power to make the appointment from among other members of the health
care panel without the submission of additional lists.

 As explained in the above excerpted rule, the decision of whom to include on
the lists and whom to administratively appoint in the absence of an agreement by
the parties is made by the AAA. In a sense, in case of an administrative
appointment, such an appointment represents a substitution of the agency's
judgment for the judgment of the parties. One criterion for the administrative
appointment may be acceptability of particular members of the panel.
Acceptability for those who frequently use the services of the agency need not
necessarily translate into acceptability for the party who is using the agency
for the first time. Also, it should be noted that the information about
individual arbitrators provided by the AAA to the parties is essentially limited
to biographical and employment data. Under Rule 9 of the AAA Rules, "any person
appointed as neutral arbitrator" must disclose any circumstances effecting his
or her impartiality.

    The AAA Rules also provide as follows:



   31. Form of Award



The award shall be in writing, shall be signed by a majority of the arbitrators
and executed in the manner required by law.



The award shall include a brief summary of findings and conclusions for the
issues submitted to the arbitrator.



32. Scope of Award



The arbitrator may grant any remedy or relief that the arbitrator deems just and
equitable and within the scope of the agreement of the parties, including, but
not limited to, specific performance of a contract. The arbitrator shall, in the
award, assess arbitration fees, expenses, and arbitrator compensation in favor
of any party and, in the event that any [*1011]  administrative fees or expenses
are due the AAA, in favor of the AAA.

 Parties who fail to determine in their arbitration clause issues that, in case
of such a failure, are regulated by the rules of the administering agency should
be well aware not only of the rules of the agency, but also of its practice.

    Anybody can be an arbitrator. The law requires no qualifications. The best
arbitrator is the person whom all parties know and trust, who has some expertise
they need, and who can fairly conduct the hearing and make a reasonable
decision. Of course, all parties do not always know and trust the same person.
In addition, effective arbitration often requires knowledge of law, be it in
cases where law must be considered (such as employment cases involving
allegations of discrimination, sexual harassment, or disability); cases
involving complex contracts containing numerous legal terms; or cases involving
allegations of illegality of contractual clauses. While experience shows that
many non-lawyers have an ability to grasp legal concepts, the number of lawyers
who serve as arbitrators is increasing. Nevertheless, it can be said
unequivocally that knowledge of law, or even experience as a judge, does not
guarantee a good arbitrator. The arbitration process is simply too different
from a court trial. The hearing is informal, a good arbitrator does not hesitate
to ask questions to aid the parties in obtaining the facts needed, and a good
decision rests more on facts and common sense than on various authorities.

    If the parties cannot appoint (or find) an arbitrator they know and trust,
the next-best arbitrator is one who has already demonstrated that he or she is a
good arbitrator by his or her prior decisions and wide acceptability. In other
words, the parties should chose an arbitrator who arbitrates fairly frequently,
and whose desirability is indicated by the research of each party.

    A party may encounter problems in its search for a good arbitrator. Large
organizations that arbitrate frequently may be more likely than their smaller
counterparts to have the means to conduct the necessary research and to have
experience with a particular arbitrator.  n8 Parties may also have different
criteria in assessing the circumstances that attend impartiality. For example,
is the membership of both an arbitrator and the counsel for one of the parties
in the same country club such a circumstance? What if counsel for one of the
parties is a former student of an arbitrator who is also a law professor?

    Parties should bear in mind that the membership of an arbitrator on a panel
of agencies or associations does not eliminate the need for the parties to
conduct additional research into the record of that arbitrator. In particular,
if a party is represented by counsel, a few questions addressed to the proposed
arbitrator (with the knowledge of the other party), and a few telephone calls to
[*1012]  lawyers who have used that arbitrator could be advisable.

    An arbitrator who arbitrates often charges a fee for his or her services,
usually a per diem fee for hearing days and days of writing the award. The
parties and the arbitrator should agree on the arbitrator's fee in advance. In
some cases, depositing a certain amount of money to cover the fee in an escrow
account may be advisable, particularly in cases where the fees are assessed
against the losing party, or when the ability and willingness to pay by one
party appears to be in doubt. In general, per diem fees of arbitrators are
substantially lower than attorney's fees.

    It should be noted that arbitrators who arbitrate often and for a fee are
usually dependent on their arbitration income, and that in many areas,
arbitration is considered to be a desirable profession. Since arbitrators'
appointments are dependent on the consent of all parties to a dispute, such
arbitrators depend on their reputation. This dependence provides an additional
reason why parties should seek an experienced arbitrator.

    A common mistake in the search for the "best" arbitrator for one party is
based on the belief that a member of the same profession or of a similar
organization as that party (e.g., a physician or hospital administrator) would
be naturally inclined to agree with that party's point of view. Experience with
such things as expert witnesses and peer review suggests that the belief in
"natural bias" of a member of the same profession is often misplaced.

    In arbitration cases in which the relationship of the parties is governed by
a contract of some substance (in health care one can think of partnership
agreements, employment agreements, insurance agreements, agreements between a
physician and a health care organization, etc.), the primary role of the
arbitrator is to interpret that agreement and to analyze facts in light of that
agreement. Because an arbitrator's authority stems from the contract, an
arbitrator will apply the language of a contract to the extent that the
contract's provisions regulate the issue in question. But if a contract is
ambiguous or contains significant gaps, the arbitrator must look elsewhere.
Elsewhere includes case precedent and industry-wide practice, as well as the
arbitrator's own notions of fair play. The parties should approach the drafting
of a contract with the understanding that the contract represents
self-regulation, and that if the contract is sufficiently specific and
reasonable for all parties, the arbitration decision should fulfill the
expectations of the parties.

    There is a danger in overly broad contractual clauses. Take the example of a
clause that allows termination of a relationship with a health care professional
for "no cause." If the professional invokes the arbitration clause, the
professional and his counsel are likely to fashion a claim; such a claim may be
discrimination, sexual harassment, or disability, but it also may be bad faith
in the performance of the contract. When faced with such an allegation and the
testimony of the professional, experience shows that employers are likely to
introduce evidence of the reasons for the termination of the relationship.
[*1013]  Therefore, it is much easier--and much preferable--to simply formulate
reasons for the termination of a relationship in the contract. The reasons may
include economic reasons, compatibility, or others. The point is that in
reality, relationships are terminated for cause. If that is reflected in the
contract, the hearing and the proof are focused, and the arbitration will be
what it is supposed to be: a gathering of facts and then a decision based on the
facts and the contract.

    If the parties know and rely on a particular law in drafting their contract,
they should include a choice of law clause in their contract. If, for instance,
two Missouri parties enter into a contract in Missouri and litigate in court,
there is a likelihood that the court hearing the case will be a court situated
in Missouri, and that it will apply Missouri law. In arbitration, the arbitrator
chosen by the parties need not be from Missouri, and without a choice of law
clause, the arbitrator is not required by law to apply any particular state's
law.

    If the current state of the law is any guide, patients who have malpractice
claims against health care professionals and providers are likely to prefer
juries to arbitration unless damages sought represent an insubstantial amount of
money to warrant expenses of litigation in courts, and provided a trial date can
be set within some foreseeable future. Other arbitrations in health care not
involving patients as a party may sometimes resemble a business dispute (e.g.,
the dissolution of a partnership or a professional corporation or the
distribution of profits); an employment dispute (e.g., termination of privileges
or computation of fees, etc.); or even a true commercial dispute (e.g., disputes
with insurers, outside laboratories, etc.). Patient-care will likely be a factor
present in many of these disputes, and it may even be an unifying element in
many of these disputes.

    An unscientific inquiry of this writer with the AAA revealed that there are
currently some three hundred arbitration cases administered under the AAA Health
Care rules, with no apparent breakdown by category. It may be safely assumed
that there are additional cases not involving the AAA. The probable number of
arbitration cases currently under way is far from overwhelming, but it is also
not negligible. Health care is a focus of national debate, and
HMOs--particularly large HMOs--are likely to proliferate. As cost control
mechanisms have affected the freedom of physicians to administer patient care in
the way they deem desirable, there has developed a substantial diversity of
interests among health care professionals, health care organizations, and
insurers. This diversity will undoubtedly translate into increasing numbers of
arbitrations in the coming years. It may be said that health care professionals
are increasingly finding themselves in de facto employment relationships with
health care organizations. Moreover, not only will these phenomena likely
increase the number of disputes in health care, but if the societal
preoccupation with healthcare continues, various governmental agencies are
likely to promulgate new regulations that will strive to achieve a degree of
national [*1014]  uniformity in health care.

    In light of this eventuality, the parties (other than patients) involved in
health care and the organizations that represent their interests, such as the
AMA, should weigh the advantages of self regulation through arbitration as an
alternative to governmental regulations. Self-regulation in an area of national
interest such as health care must be made known to the public and must work
reasonably well for all concerned. The model of labor arbitration is worth
considering. Many labor arbitration awards have been published by private
publishers since World War II. These published awards appear in annual volumes
and advance sheets that are easily accessible and easily "researchable". Because
labor arbitration awards reflect the practices and contracts between unions and
employers on a nationwide scale, parties to labor arbitrations cite arbitration
decisions in arbitration cases. Over time, arbitration decisions have come to
reflect significant uniformity in resolving various issues involved in
collective bargaining and in interpreting collective bargaining agreements, as
well as in setting forth requirements of due process and fair play. The labor
arbitration decisions thus influence the future behavior of employers and
unions, even though they are not, in general, binding precedents.  n9 These
decisions and their publication are indispensable elements in industrial
self-regulation, and most observers believe that the publication of awards has
not detracted from the private character of labor arbitration proceedings. The
practice of developing a body of private, non-binding decisional authority could
hold much promise if applied to segments of commercial arbitration such as
arbitration in the health care sector.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Civil ProcedureAlternative Dispute ResolutionArbitrationsGeneral OverviewCivil
ProcedureAlternative Dispute ResolutionJudicial ReviewContracts LawContract
Conditions & ProvisionsArbitration Clauses

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  For instance, in a case involving arbitration under collective bargaining
agreements, the Supreme Court held that individual members of the bargaining
unit have an independent right to vindicate their statutory rights in courts.
Today, it is clear that an employee who is a party to an arbitration clause (as
opposed to a unionized employee) is, subject to certain conditions, bound by the
arbitration clause in his or her individual employment contract.  See Gilmer v.
Interstate/Johnson Lane Corp., 500 U.S. 20 (1991).




n2.  An arbitrator's errors in determining facts or in applying law are
essentially not grounds for upsetting the award. Arbitration awards may be
vacated on such statutory grounds as an arbitrator's bias, excess of an
arbitrator's authority, etc. However, this occurs infrequently.




n3.  See, for instance, the arbitration clause in Delta Dental Plan of Cal. v.
Banasky:

Unless some different procedure is provided by these Rules or by the Bylaws of
Delta, any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to a Delta prepaid
dental care program or agreement, or the breach thereof by and between Delta, a
participating dentist, an eligible patient, or any of them, shall be settled by
arbitration by a single arbitrator.

33 Cal. Rptr. 2d 381, 383 (Cal. Ct. App. 1994).




n4.  388 U.S. 395 (1967).




n5.  The circulation of awards among lawyers has become an established practice
that enables lawyers to form opinions about individual arbitrators. A number of
labor arbitration awards are published in national collections such as those put
out by BNA and CCH. If an arbitration award is subject to a court proceeding,
the text of the award may also be found in court documents.




n6.  AAA publication, effective July 1, 1992.




n7.  Id., Arbitration Rules, Rule 2.




n8.  See, e.g., Kaiser Found. Hosps., Inc. v. Superior Court of LA County, 23
Cal. Rptr. 2d 431 (1993) (arbitrator disqualified on the basis of his frequent
prior service as arbitrator for one of the parties).




n9.  Consider, for example, Justice Brennan's reference to arbitration practice
in National Labor Relations Bd. v. J. Weingarten Inc.:

Many important collective-bargaining agreements have provisions that accord
employees rights of union representation at investigatory interviews. Even where
such a right is not explicitly provided in the agreement a "well-established
current of arbitral authority' sustains the right of union representation at
investigatory interviews which the employee reasonably believes may result in
disciplinary action against him.

420 U.S. 251, 267 (1975) (emphasis added).


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 18, 2008 Sunday

CLUBS AND ORGANIZATIONS

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 950 words


Healthy Start has received a $2,500 CVS/Pharmacy Community Grant to purchase
prescription prenatal vitamins for uninsured pregnant women in Citrus and
Hernando counties. The donation to the Central Healthy Start Coalition is part
of the CVS/Pharmacy Community Grants commitment to nonprofit organizations
throughout the country.

US Pharmaceuticals offered a discounted price for the purchase of Tandem OB
prenatal vitamins in support of this initiative. Dawn Easter, community liaison
for Healthy Start said, "We appreciate the generosity of CVS in providing these
funds to help improve the health of uninsured pregnant women."

Healthy Start received the grant because it shares a common vision with
CVS/Pharmacy of supporting programs for the uninsured that strive to help people
live longer, healthier, happier lives. Healthy Start is a free program serving
women and children up to age 3. The aim is to improve pregnancy outcomes and
child health through universal risk screening and targeted services.

For information, call 540-6819.

- - -

Chris Bredbenner was the featured speaker at the Kiwanis Club of Brooksville's
meeting April 1. He spoke about the renovation of one wing of the Brooksville
Healthcare Center and the hope to one day opening the region's first Hospice
Care Center for patients with complicated pain and symptoms or whose prognosis
is measured in weeks and days rather than months.

Bredbenner said there is an effort under way to build a free-standing, 24-bed
Hospice Care Center in Hernando designed specifically for patients and families
during this most delicate time in life. He said a statistical review of
admissions to hospice care by diagnosis is: heart disease, 21.3 percent; cancer,
34.2 percent; renal disease, 2.7 percent; pulmonary disease, 10.4 percent;
neurological/Alzheimer's disease, 12.9 percent, and miscellaneous diagnosis,
18.5 percent.

Bredbenner joined Hernando-Pasco Hospice in 2003 as director of development. In
2005, he was promoted to vice president of planning and development.

For information about the Kiwanis Club of Brooksville, contact Joan Lynch at
686-8180.

- - -

The Hernando Hills Hi-Lites women's barbershop chorus wowed the crowd at Stage
West Community Playhouse with its presentation of Basically Broadway on March 29
during the 15th annual Harmony on Parade show.

Wearing big-brimmed Easter hats, the women paraded down the aisles singing
Easter Parade and Hello, Dolly!

Also performing was Hernando Hills Hi-Lites' newest quartet, Minor Details,
which made its first appearance at Stage West, and the D'Lites quartet, which
performed barbershop arrangements of beloved Broadway show tunes.

Guest quartet Sunset, members of the Hernando County's men's Harmonizers chorus,
wore fancy red vests and new straw hats and sang a round of Will I Ever Tell You
with the women.

Rounding out the lineup was Rare Blend, a mixed male/female quartet from
Clermont. The group surprised the audience by putting a barbershop twist on
classical jazz, gospel, country and doo-wop songs. For the finale, the audience
joined the four quartets and the chorus in singing America the Beautiful.

The Hernando Hills Hi-Lites then headed to Jacksonville to compete at the six
state annual Harmony Inc. Area Convention and Competition.

Notes of Thanks

My wife was diagnosed with breast cancer in March 2007 while we were serving as
missionaries in Ethiopia. We returned home and started receiving treatment at
Moffitt Cancer Institute in Tampa. In July 2007, we bought our retirement home
and moved to Spring Hill.

We needed a family physician to help us understand everything the specialists
were saying and provide her total personal health care. We found Dr. Brian J.
Bixler, who had also moved to the area.

As my wife's condition worsened, the cancer went to her bones and finally her
stomach. Dr. Bixler spent significant amounts of time trying to maximize her
chances for beating the disease. He coordinated the efforts of her oncologist,
Dr.Vikas Malhotra, and her gastroenterologist, Dr. M. Rodwan Hiba, both of whom
gave her great care in difficult circumstances.

During the final days, my wife was in Spring Hill Regional Hospital for two long
stays. Dr. Bixler was tireless in balancing her blood and chemicals as the
cancer and chemotherapy wreaked havoc on her body. He actually gave me his
personal mobile phone number as we saw things were getting very difficult.

My last image of him, as we were waiting for the ambulance to take my wife to
Hospice, was Dr. Bixler saying goodbye to her and kissing her on the forehead.
My dear wife went to heaven on April 2.

Now you know why Dr. Bixler became part of our family. He will obviously be my
doctor as long as I am around.

Richard E. Beaudoin, Spring Hill

- - -

The Hernando County Shrine Club would like to thank the community for its
overwhelming generosity donating to this year's hospital benefit drive. As a
result of the tremendous outpouring of support, the club will present a record
donation to the Shriners Hospital for Children in Tampa.

Special recognition goes to auctioneer Randy Umsted and his staff for donating
their time, equipment and expertise to raise another record amount.

During 2007, more than 400 Hernando County children visited the Shriners
Hospital. All of them were treated free of charge for orthopedic problems, cleft
palate, spinal cord injuries and burn injuries.

Individuals who are aware of a child who has any of the above mentioned
problems, can call toll-free 1-800-237-5055. The hospital will provide you with
the information needed to apply for help. And remember, Shriners Hospitals give
the best medical care money cannot buy.

R. L. Spaulding, president, Hernando County Shrine Club

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GERALD HARSH, Special to the Times: SAYING GOODBYE FOR THE
SUMMER: Several members of Northcliffe Baptist Church's exercise group had lunch
together at My Favorite Cafe on April 5. The lunch was an occasion to say
goodbye to members who were leaving for their summer homes but who would be
returning in the fall. Members in back, from left, are Carol Fenner, Laura
Rosario, Sheila Wehrenberg, Dottie Salce, Sharon McBride, Carol Desautels, Donna
Winkleman, Vickie Collins and Karen Wise. In front, from left, are Cindy Newman,
Valerie Peck, Peggy Fera, Ellen Harsh and Prudy Sisti. PHOTO, KATHLEEN SEYFRIED,
Special to the Times: VIETNAM VETERANS HONORED: Brooksville Elks Lodge 2582's
national service committee had a luncheon April 6 to honor Vietnam veterans.
Chairman Gail Cleaves introduced U.S. Rep. Ginny Brown-Waite, who presented each
honoree with a medal and certificate of merit. Richard Kelsey, left, a Vietnam
veteran and member of the lodge, receives his certificate from Brown-Waite.
PHOTO, HELEN HUTCHINSON, Special to the Times: APRIL BABIES: Each month, the
Monday Crafters group celebrates members' birthdays. On April 7, the group had a
party for members born in April. The group's April babies include: Janet Geller,
Ann LeSeur, Shirley Oudshoorn, Ann Devine, Agnes Solomon and Josephine Smith.
Only three of the birthday ladies were able to attend the meeting. Pictured from
left are Solomon, Smith and Devine. PHOTO, BEVERLY LEWIS, Special to the Times:
SORORITY RITUALS: Preceptor Delta Iota Chapter of Beta Sigma Phi Sorority
International recently conducted rituals for two members. Barbara Jacobs
progressed to the preceptor degree, and Dorothy Hinkle received the laureate
ritual. Jacobs joined the sorority in 1993 and transferred to the Brooksville
chapter from Tampa. Hinkle has been active in the sorority since she joined and
has held different positions as an officer. Chapter elections were held for the
2008-09 sorority year, which starts in September. New officers include Marsha
Roderick, president; Jan Mazourek, vice president; Barbara Jacobs, treasurer;
Norma Jean Rawson, secretary, and Beverly Russell, sorority city council
representative. Pictured from left are: Marcia Hood, Jacobs, Hinkle, Carol
Landers and Rawson. PHOTO, JOAN MEAGLE, Special to the Times: NEW COUNTY
ADMINISTRATOR: David Hamilton, the new Hernando County administrator, spoke at
the Kiwanis Club of Brooksville's meeting April 8. After introducing himself,
Hamilton outlined some of the strengths of the area and addressed some of the
challenges facing Hernando County. His background in government includes both
elected and administrative positions. He is married and has three grown
children. For information about the club, contact Joan at 686-8180. PHOTO,
DOTTIE SOLEAU, Special to the Times: HI-LITES HIGHLIGHT PERFORMANCE: The
Hernando Hills Hi-Lites women's barbershop chorus performed at the 15th annual
Harmony on Parade show. PHOTO, KATHLEEN SEYFRIED, Special to the Times: LADIES
LUNCH: The disposed Ladies Auxiliary from Brooksville Elks Lodge 2582, along
with husbands and friends, met for lunch April 10 at Ercolano's Italian
Restaurant. Thirteen attended. From left are: Tom Domek, Charlie Kight , Mary
Kight, Marie Domek, Bernice Waltz, Emma Brenman, Edith Peterson, Henry Peterson,
Al Waltz, Kathleen Seyfried and Joe Seyfried. Friends Penny Lawler and Fred
Woodward were unavailable for the photo. PHOTO, JOAN MEAGLE, Special to the
Times: KIWANIS HOSTS HOSPICE OFFICIAL: Chris Bredbenner, Hernando-Pasco Hospice
vice president of planning and development, was guest speaker at a recent
meeting of the Kiwanis Club of Brooksville. Pictured from left, are Scott Smith,
club president; Leslie Taylor, HPH gift planner; Bredbenner, and Patricia
Crowley, club program chairman. PHOTO, GENE SCHUH, Special to the Times: SINGERS
SUPPORT HOSPICE: The Pine Chords, a Hernando Harmonizers' quartet, recently
presented a $400 check to Sue Henry of Hernando-Pasco Hospice. The check
represents a portion of the proceeds from the groups' Singing Valentine program,
which is done each year to support the craft and various charities. Pictured
from left are Gene Schuh, Jerry McPhail, Henry, Art Ellingsen and Jay Gettig.
For information about the Harmonizers, call Doug Stewart at 688-0392.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    September 7, 2002 Saturday Home Edition

Daily Briefing

SOURCE: AJC reports and news services

SECTION: Business; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 2184 words


* DENOTES ITEM OF PARTICULAR INTEREST

AUTOMOTIVE: Ford extends no-interest loans

Dearborn, Mich. --- Ford Motor Co. extended no-interest loans to 2003 model cars
and trucks, bowing to pressure after General Motors Corp. and DaimlerChrysler
AG's Chrysler unit offered the financing earlier this week. The world's
second-largest automaker said it's offering the 36-month loans on 11 of the 23
Ford, Lincoln and Mercury vehicles available as 2003 models. General Motors and
Chrysler extended the incentive to most 2003 models Wednesday.

Navistar, Ford enter truck venture

Detroit --- Ford Motor Co. and truckmaker Navistar International Corp. will
begin producing the first Ford F-Series medium-duty trucks in December under a
venture to add U.S. market share. The 2004 model Ford F-650 and F-750 trucks are
the first products developed by the Blue Diamond Truck Co. LLC joint venture
between Ford and Navistar since the venture was formed in August 2001. Ford and
Navistar are working together to cut costs.

Honda hybrids get tax deduction

Washington --- Honda Motor Co.'s Insight and Civic gasoline-electric cars joined
Toyota Motor Corp.'s Prius in qualifying for a $2,000 U.S. tax deduction under a
program to encourage sales of low-pollution cars and trucks. Buyers of new 2001,
2002 and 2003 Insights and 2003 Civic hybrids can claim the income-tax deduction
for the year when the car first was put to use, the Internal Revenue Service
said in a statement. The IRS said in May that it would expand the deduction to
the so-called hybrid cars and trucks from electric vehicles.

Tenneco to close plant in Turkey

Lake Forest, Ill. --- Tenneco Automotive plans to close a plant in Turkey that
makes shock absorbers and eliminate 124 jobs by the end of the year as part of
cost reductions announced in December. The company will shut the Monroe
suspension parts plant in Corlu, Turkey, and make the parts at factories in
Belgium, Poland and Spain. Tenneco, the largest maker of automotive shock
absorbers, will sell replacement shocks from a new distribution center in
Istanbul, the company said.

DEALS: Justice approves Archer Daniels deal

Decatur, Ill. --- Archer Daniels Midland Co.'s $394.4 million bid to buy rival
Minnesota Corn Processors LLC and become the biggest U.S. maker of corn-based
sweeteners was approved by the U.S. Justice Department. Archer Daniels, the
world's largest grain processor, will comply with a Justice Department
requirement to dissolve a joint venture Minnesota Corn had to sell high-fructose
corn syrup with Corn Products International. Archer Daniels and its biggest
rival in the $3 billion U.S. market for corn-based sweeteners, Cargill Inc., are
expanding after a five-year slump in sweetener prices narrowed profits for
smaller competitors.

Alcan to sell six glass-bottle plants

Montreal --- Alcan Inc., the world's second-biggest aluminum maker, agreed to
sell six glass-bottle factories in New Jersey and Missouri and its 46 percent
stake in a Beijing plant to Glass Group Corp., formed by Alcan employees.
Financial terms weren't disclosed. Alcan is ending its production of glass
bottles for laboratories and cosmetics, the Montreal-based company said. The
U.S. plants are in Mays Landing, Williamstown and Millville, N.J.; and Park
Hills, Mo. Millville has three sites.

Adecco unit buys Resume.com

Woodcliff Lake, N.J. --- Adecco SA's Adecco Career Services unit said it has
acquired closely held Resume.com, a 3-year-old provider of resume and
job-seeking services over the Internet, to expand its line of career services.
Terms weren't disclosed. Resume.com, based in New York, was founded in 1999 by
Chief Executive John Waller. The company helps people create customized resumes
over the Internet and search for jobs. Adecco, based in Wallisellen,
Switzerland, is the world's largest temporary-job company.


FINANCE: Capital One tighter with loans

New York --- Capital One Financial Corp. President Nigel Morris said a "hostile"
regulatory climate has prompted the credit card company to cut back on loans to
customers with tarnished credit. The government has been scrutinizing lenders
since the recession spurred a surge in unpaid bills, sending profit lower at
companies including Providian Financial Corp. and Metris Cos.

FOOD/BEVERAGE: Investors to offer Coke bottler shares

* Athens, Greece --- A major Coke bottler, Coca-Cola HBC, said Friday that two
of its major shareholders, Socomex SA of the Kar-Tess Group and Coca-Cola, plan
to make a secondary offering of Coca-Cola HBC's shares. Coca-Cola HBC said the
offering would coincide with the Greek company's planned listing for the fourth
quarter on the New York Stock Exchange.

Coca-Cola hires creative director

* Coca-Cola has hired an ad industry veteran to fill a new job: chief creative
officer for Coke North America. Esther Lee, co-founder of New York agency DiNoto
Lee, is expected to start Monday. She will report to Coke's chief marketing
officer, Chris Lowe. Lee, who has 20 years of experience in the ad business,
co-founded DiNoto Lee in 1997. Prior to that, she was director of client
services at Deutsch. As Coke's chief creative officer in North America, Lee is
expected to help develop stronger advertising across all brands. She will spend
most of her time working on North American initiatives but also will work with
Coke's agencies internationally.

Suntory names VP of marketing

* Jackie Nickel has been named vice president of marketing for Atlanta-based
Suntory Water Group. Nickel had worked at Coca-Cola, where she most recently
served as group director, new product and package innovation for Coke North
America. At Suntory, her duties will include handling marketing for the
company's six water brands. Suntory sells Crystal Springs, among other brands.

New flavors planned for Hawaiian Punch

* Dr Pepper/Seven- Up plans to launch to two new flavors of Hawaiian Punch early
next year, according to Dow Jones. The beverages have not been named, the
company told bottlers at a meeting in Dallas Friday. The first is a blue,
raspberry drink, and the second has a pink color and a melon flavor. In April,
the company introduced Green Berry Rush. Dr Pepper/Seven-Up is the U.S. unit of
London-based Cadbury Schweppes.

HEALTH CARE: HealthSouth chief sells off shares

Birmingham --- HealthSouth Corp. Chairman Richard Scrushy sold 2.5 million
company shares about a month before the biggest U.S. operator of rehabilitation
hospitals said Medicare cuts might slice profit by $175 million. The company's
shares have plunged 56 percent since the Aug. 27 announcement. On July 31,
Scrushy sold stock to the company at $10.06 a share to repay a loan from
HealthSouth, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
In May, he sold 5.3 million shares at about $14 each.

HOSPITALITY: Sheraton launches service guarantee

* As hotels try to stand out in the struggling economy, Sheraton Hotels &
Resorts launched Friday a new service guarantee that includes a training program
for employees. To kick things off locally, employees took a service pledge at
the Sheraton in Buckhead. Spurgeon Richardson, president and chief executive of
the Atlanta Convention and Visitors Bureau, administered the pledge.

Hotels.com plans travel packages

New York --- Hotels.com, which sells hotel reservations on its own and other
companies' Web sites, will start offering travel packages including airline and
rental-car reservations. The Dallas-based company will begin selling the travel
packages later this year or early next year, Chief Financial Officer Mel
Robinson said. He spoke at a Salomon Smith Barney investor conference in New
York. Hotels.com previously has sold only hotel room reservations, which carry
higher profit margins than online sales of air tickets. Offering packages may
help Hotels.com sell room reservations to consumers who otherwise would go to
competing Web sites where they also could book flights.

TECHNOLOGY: Office Depot selling on Amazon.com

Delray Beach, Fla. --- Office Depot Inc., the largest U.S. office-supply
retailer, began selling goods at a store on Amazon.com Inc.'s Web site as the
world's biggest Internet retailer introduced an office-products category.
Amazon.com will earn a commission on Office Depot sales under the multiyear
agreement, the companies said. Other terms weren't disclosed.

IntelliCorp files bankruptcy papers

Wilmington, Del. --- IntelliCorp Inc., a software company partly owned by SAP
AG, filed for bankruptcy protection after a decline in corporate spending cut
its revenue by more than half. The Mountain View, Calif.-based company said a
$10 million reduction in its operating expenses wasn't enough to avoid
bankruptcy. The cut in business spending on information technology projects hurt
sales, which fell to $11.6 million from $25.6 million for the fiscal year ended
June 30, the company said.

Four Oracle execs given stock options

Washington --- Oracle Corp. granted four top executives, including Chief
Financial Officer Jeff Henley, options to buy a total of 4.1 million shares in
fiscal 2002 after Chief Executive Larry Ellison reaped $706 million in
stock-option gains a year earlier. The grants could be worth as much as $105
million if Oracle stock gains 10 percent a year over a decade, according to a
proxy filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Ellison, co-founder of
the third-largest software maker, hasn't been eligible to receive options since
1999 because he gave up salary and bonus for a mega-grant that lets him buy 40
million shares.

Ticketmaster plans resale Web site

New York --- Ticketmaster, the biggest retailer of entertainment tickets, will
start a Web site next month through which customers can resell unused music
tickets to others, Chief Financial Officer Thomas McInerney said. The site
initially will be limited to tickets first sold through Ticketmaster.

Microsoft forgives ex-president's loan

Redmond, Wash. --- Microsoft Corp. forgave a loan of $15 million plus interest
to former President Rick Belluzzo after he quit in May, a filing shows. The
world's biggest software maker lent the money as an advance on the value of
stock options that Belluzzo received, the Securities and Exchange Commission
filing shows. Belluzzo hadn't repaid any of the loan, said Caroline Boren, a
spokeswoman for Microsoft.

TELECOMS: Leap Wireless admits violations

San Diego --- Leap Wireless International, a seller of unlimited local wireless
service for a flat fee, said it violated some of its credit agreements when it
chose not to pay interest on certain loans after some of its lenders decided to
stop funding new loans. The lenders' decision to stop funding new requests came
after Leap Wireless hired UBS Warburg LLC to help the company find new funding
and restructure some of its debt, Leap said in a statement.


TRANSPORTATION: Delta enters pact with Europcar

* Delta Air Lines and Europcar, a European car-rental company, announced a new
marketing partnership in which SkyMiles members can earn frequent flier miles
when renting cars at Europcar's 2,600 international locations. Through Nov. 30,
SkyMiles members will earn 100 miles for each rental day. After Nov. 30, members
will earn 60 miles per rental day.

Delta Air Logistics receives award

* Delta Air Logistics said it received the Clayton County Chamber of Commerce's
International Transportation Business of the Year Award on Thursday. Delta's
cargo unit was cited for its role in expanding the amount of international air
freight moving through Atlanta.

US Airways rethinks change in policy

* US Airways is backing away from a policy change that angered its top frequent
fliers, but not others copied by other big carriers. US Airways said Friday it
will continue to count frequent flier mileage earned on nonrefundable fares
toward Dividend Miles elite status. The airline also said holders of
nonrefundable tickets can fly standby on other flights the same day for a $100
fee, starting Jan. 1. Several other airlines, including Atlanta-based Delta,
also are switching to a fee for same-day standby flying by holders of
nonrefundable tickets.

Consolidated gets $225 million loan

Vancouver, Wash. --- Consolidated Freightways Corp., the third-largest U.S.
trucker that filed for bankruptcy protection this week, received court approval
for a $225 million loan and will rehire some drivers and other workers. The loan
from General Electric Capital Corp. will allow the company to proceed with plans
to liquidate, the company said in a statement. The 73-year-old trucking company,
based in Vancouver, will bring back as many drivers and terminal employees as it
needs to handle shipments that were in process when the company announced Monday
that it would shut down and immediately fire more than 80 percent of its 15,500
workers.

COMPILED FROM STAFF REPORTS, DOW JONES NEWS SERVICE, BLOOMBERG NEWS, ASSOCIATED
PRESS AND OTHER SOURCES

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                               May 7, 2010 Friday

UTEP announces top 10 graduating seniors

SECTION: ZONES

LENGTH: 1179 words


The University of Texas at El Paso has announced its top 10 seniors. They are
among the students who will graduate on May 15.

Amber Bridges-Arzaga received a bachelor's degree in health promotion from the
College of Health Sciences in December. She was a banner bearer for the College
of Health Sciences during the winter commencement, and is a scholarship
recipient, a researcher and a published author. Bridges-Arzaga also has been a
volunteer for the Red Cross and for the Socorro and San Elizario school district
health fairs. She also was vice president of the Eta Sigma Gamma honor society.

Amber Calvin received a bachelor's degree in interdisciplinary studies from the
College of Education in December. Her road to UTEP was unusual. After the loss
of a family member, she dropped out of high school and later received her GED.
As a student at UTEP, she has been a scholarship recipient, was awarded the
Yellow Rose of Texas by Gov. Rick Perry for her work with the military, and
earned the Commander's Award for Public Service for the U.S. Army. She has been
an outstanding officer for the Kappa Delta Pi International Honor Society and
for the Bilingual Education Student Organization, as well as a banner bearer for
the colleges of Education and Business Administration. She has been a leader and
active member of more than 20 organizations both on and off campus.

Rebecca Hernandez will graduate with a nursing degree from the School of
Nursing, and already has a position with University Medical Center in El Paso.
She is the recipient of several scholarships. Hernandez has been the president
of her nursing class student council, a peer leader, public relations officer of
the Texas Nursing Student Association, vice president for internal affairs for
UTEP's Student Alumni Association, a Miner Ambassador and the first Student
Government Association collegiate senator from the School of Nursing.

Anthony Jimenez will graduate with a double major in sociology and communication
studies from the College of Liberal Arts. He worked as a research assistant to
help support his mother and siblings during his time at UTEP. Jimenez presented
his research at a national forum and is a scholarship recipient. He also is the
president of the Lambda Pi Eta honor society and a member of five other honor
societies. He has been president of the employee association for a former
employer, a court watcher, a museum aide, an actor and a food server at the St.
Pius X Community Rescue Mission.

Davi Kallman will graduate as a political science major from the College of
Liberal Arts. She will be a third-generation UTEP graduate. Kallman is
affiliated with the Law School Preparation Institute; a member of the Alpha Chi,
Phi Kappa Phi and Alpha Lambda Delta honor societies; a former Sun Princess; and
recipient of the Praxis Certificate of Excellence for work in the Child
Development Laboratory. She also has been senator-at-large and vice president
for internal affairs for the Student Government Association, and founder of the
Disabled Student Services Task Force. Off campus, she was a precinct manager
during the 2008 presidential primary and a delegate to the 2008 Democratic
Convention, secretary of Susan G. Komen Teens for the Cure and a docent at the
El Paso Holocaust Museum.

Sylvia Natividad will graduate with a major in metallurgical and materials
engineering from the College of Engineering and will be the first woman in her
family to receive a college degree. Natividad worked as a research assistant and
is an Albert S. Holbert Endowed Scholar. She has received engineering awards
from the American Society of Civil Engineering, the Texas Society for
Professional Engineers and the National Action Council for Minorities in
Engineering. She also was a board member of Women in Science and Engineering,
treasurer of the UTEP Rotary, fundraising co-chair for the Materials Advantage
Society and president of the Alpha Sigma Mu materials engineering honor society.
Off campus, she organized holiday events for La Posada, a domestic violence
shelter; was a science fair judge at Cooley Elementary School; and was a fund
raiser for the Humane Society of El Paso.

Carlos Natividad Lic?n will graduate with majors in finance and international
business from the College of Business Administration. He has been a teaching
assistant and a peer leader on campus. Among the awards he has received are the
Chartered Financial Analyst Scholarship, a scholarship from the American Society
of Women Accountants, and the Orientation Leader of the Year Award from the
National Orientation Directors Association. He participated in the UTEP
Accounting Society, the Financial Management Association and the Monster.com
career development website's Diversity Leadership Program.

Javier Rios will graduate as a microbiology major from the College of Science.
He is a B. Marshall and Barbara H. Willis Memorial Endowed Scholar, and has been
a tutor and a product development technician. He has received more than 12
awards and is a member of several honor societies and the UTEP Symphony
Orchestra. Off campus, Rios was involved in the Big Brothers Big Sisters
program. Among his achievements are receiving the President's Leadership
Scholarship Award, the UTEP Music Department Service Award and the State of
Texas Honor Graduate Certificate. Rios has been recognized as an intramural
champion in volleyball, basketball, sand volleyball and soccer. He has accepted
early admittance to the Boston University School of Medicine and will begin
studies there this fall.

Danielle Riddick will graduate in May with a major in early childhood education
from the College of Education. She has been a writing tutor, peer mentor and
substitute teacher. She is a University President Inaugural Scholar, an Honors
Cord recipient and a leader in several campus organizations. She has been
president of the Student Alumni Association, historian for the Education College
Council, a Miner Ambassador, secretary of the UTEP branch of the National
Society of Collegiate Scholars, a member of several honor societies and the
Black Student Union, and a member of the Westside Christian Fellowship.

Lela Ruck will graduate with a microbiology degree from the College of Science.
She has made the Dean's List, is a member of several honor societies, and is the
recipient of the Al and Willamary Viste Scholarship for Scholastic Achievement
and the Army Aviation Association of America Scholarship for Scholastic
Achievement. She has held several leadership positions on campus, including
serving as the president of the Medical Professions Organization. As a peer
leader, she helped establish peer leader training programs in chemistry at two
universities in New York City. Ruck is a Richard E. Van Reet, M.D., Memorial
Scholar and has been active with the Alzheimer's Association, helped to build
homes in Mexico through the Casas Por Cristo program, and presented at the
American Chemical Society's Southwest regional meeting. She is also an
accomplished dancer.

Source: The University of Texas at El Paso

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Singapore Government News

                     August 31, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Speech by Minister S Iswaran at Joint Opening Ceremony of Medical Manufacturing
Asia 2016, Medical Fair Asia 2016

LENGTH: 1792  words


Aug. 31 -- Speech by Mr S Iswaran, Minister for Trade and Industry (Industry),
at the Joint Opening Ceremony of Medical Manufacturing Asia 2016 and Medical
Fair Asia 2016 at 10.00am on 31 August 2016, Marina Bay Sands Expo And
Convention Centre

Mr Gernot Ringling, Managing Director of Messe Dusseldorf Asia,

Mr Jeremy Fong, Chairman of the Singapore Precision Engineering and Technology
Association,

Excellencies, Distinguished guests,

Ladies and gentlemen,

Good morning.

Introduction

1. It gives me great pleasure to join you this morning at Medical Manufacturing
Asia 2016 and Medical Fair Asia 2016.

Importance of the Medical Technology Sector

2. Medical technology (medtech) is an important growth sector for Singapore.
From 2000 to 2015, our medtech manufacturing nominal value added grew from $0.8
billion, or 0.6% of GDP to $3.5 billion. This strong growth was made possible by
three key factors. First, there is increasing demand for medtech products in
Asia and around the world, driven by rising affluence in the region as well as
ageing populations in many developed economies. Second, Singapore's strength in
related sectors such as precision engineering and pharmaceuticals has allowed
our companies to move quickly into medtech and capture the opportunities that
have emerged in this space. Third and significantly, the Government's investment
in research and development by the public sector has enabled the development of
new and high-value medtech products. We are now seeing many new start-ups in the
medtech space which are spin-offs from public research agencies and institutes
of higher learning such as A*STAR, NTU and NUS.

3. Looking ahead, we expect the medtech sector to continue its strong growth.
McKinsey estimates the medtech market in Asia-Pacific to grow to US$133 billion
in 2020, from US$88 billion in 2015[1]. Coupled with Singapore's branding as a
trusted business hub for the region, we are well-positioned to participate in
this wave of growth by strengthening our position as a gateway for medtech
companies, both local and foreign, to access the growing markets in the region.
Recognising this, global companies like Hill-Rom have established in Singapore
their headquarter functions, and research and development facilities, such as
the Respiration Care Development Centre and Patient Support Development Centre.
Our home-grown medtech companies like Biosensors, which develops, manufactures
and markets innovative medical devices for interventional cardiology and
critical care procedures, are also making strides in international markets, such
as the United States and Japan.

4. Singapore's hosting of events such as Medical Manufacturing Asia 2016 and
Medical Fair Asia 2016 enhances our value proposition for medtech companies
seeking to enter the region. As the biggest medtech platform in Asia, the events
showcase leading medtech technologies from Singapore and abroad, complementing
other internationally established shows such as MEDICA[2] and the COMPAMED[3].
Indeed, today's events have grown from strength to strength since their
inception, with some 1,200 exhibiting companies from 45 countries this year.

Creating Value in our Medtech Sector

5. To meet the needs of customers in key markets, we need to ensure that our
medtech sector continues to create value and develop innovative products. In
that regard, the Government of Singapore is committed to investing in research
and development in the medtech sector. Under the Research, Innovation and
Enterprise 2020 Plan announced earlier this year, the health and biomedical
sciences sector was allocated a budget of S$4 billion over the next five years,
out of the total RIE2020 budget of S$19 billion. The funding will support
research in five therapeutic areas, namely cancer, cardiovascular diseases,
diabetes mellitus and other metabolic or endocrine disorders, infectious
diseases, and neurological and sense disorders. It will also facilitate the
translation of research into applications, and support our efforts in Food &
Nutrition, Consumer Care and Health Services research.

6. Today, our medtech companies are achieving encouraging success in the global
market. One example is InvitroCue, a bio-analytics company founded in 2012.
InvitroCue uses A*STAR's in-vitro cell based assay platform and imaging
algorithms to help drug-makers determine which vaccines, products or devices are
safe to use in humans. In the short span of 4 years, the company became A*STAR's
first publicly listed company in 2016, with its debut on the Australian
Securities Exchange. InvitroCue successfully raised over S$3 million from its
listing. The company has also begun the expansion of its cell-based laboratory
facility in China.

Supporting our Medtech Sector through Collaboration and Development

7. The medtech sector is different from many other sectors in that there are
high barriers to entry at many stages of its value chain. At the research and
development stage, high barriers to entry arise due to long development
timelines and strict regulations which are necessary to safeguard the testing of
new devices, as well as the need to navigate the patents and intellectual
property rights space. At the production stage, there are high barriers to entry
arising from the need for highly specialised equipment to deliver the levels of
precision required in the manufacturing process.

8. To help overcome these challenges, the Government of Singapore is providing
support for our medtech companies in their development and collaboration
efforts. At the product development stage, local medtech start-ups can apply for
SPRING's Technology Enterprise Commercialisation Scheme (TECS), which supports
successful applicants for the development of new, innovative and potentially
market-changing technology at the proof of concept and proof of value stages.

9. Neurostyle is one company which has benefited from TECS. The company has
tapped TECS to develop one of their most innovative products, a
Brain-Computer-Interface (BCI)-based Stroke Rehabilitation System, in
collaboration with A*STAR's Institute of Infocomm Research (I2R). The product
can help improve motor-function recovery of post-stroke patients through
synchronized brain and physical rehabilitation. Today, Neurostyle has grown from
a small start-up to a company with distribution across ASEAN and the Middle
East.

10. At the production stage, as technology continues to evolve and progress, the
scale of devices is becoming more compact. This means that our medtech industry
players need to continually retool to produce smaller devices and products,
which demands ever-increasing degrees of precision in the manufacturing process.
Our medtech industry players will also need to invest in production equipment
that can be easily reconfigured to higher degrees of precision in order to keep
up with rapid improvements in technology.

11. Fong's Engineering and Manufacturing has transformed from a contract
manufacturer mainly offering build-to-print manufacturing services, to a product
developer of endoscope systems which focuses on research and development, and
process development. Through its collaboration with the Singapore Institute of
Manufacturing Technology (SIMTech), Fong's Engineering successfully developed
and commercialised a new endoscope system. Unlike the more common service
provision business model of the industry, Fong's Engineering's unique value
proposition today is its experience in designing and developing its own product
line of flexible endoscopes. This shift in business model not only offers
skilled jobs in the company for both existing and new staff, but also creates
new opportunities for growth for the company.

12. Under EDB and SPRING's Partnerships for Capability Transformation (PACT)
programme, the Government also provides grant support for large organisations to
work with local SMEs in the areas of knowledge transfer, supplier upgrading and
development and test-bedding of innovative solutions.

13. One example is Univac, a precision engineering company offering a range of
services from design, engineering, to manufacturing and fulfilment. It is
currently targeting to support 20 medtech SMEs and start-ups at the onset of
their product design and development phase, to increase the rate of success in
later phases of prototyping, validation and market launch. Another example is
Waters Technologies Corporation, a life sciences company offering a range of
analytical system solutions, software and services for scientists. It is
currently supporting 3 suppliers in the life sciences industry to move up the
value chain and supply more high-value products or components. Over the next few
years, the company aims to groom up to 9 suppliers. One such supplier is Delta
Optics, a supplier of precision diamond-turned parts for medical products. The
project with Waters required parts with very stringent quality and performance
requirements. Without support from PACT, Delta Optics would have had to first
invest heavily in new equipment, manpower and process development, with little
certainty that it would eventually meet all of Waters' requirements and be
awarded the supply contract. Through PACT, Delta Optics was better prepared to
take on this risky but potentially rewarding project.

Conclusion

14. Given the characteristics of the medtech sector, it is important for players
in this space to come together to pool their expertise and strengths at various
stages of the value chain. In that way, companies can leverage on one another's
strengths to bridge their capability gaps. This is where trade exhibitions like
Medical Manufacturing Asia 2016 and Medical Fair Asia 2016 are especially
relevant - they help to showcase the products and capabilities of various
players in the medtech sector, so that interested parties can link up to capture
new opportunities. I commend the Singapore Precision Engineering and Technology
Association (SPETA) for co-organising Medical Manufacturing Asia 2016. Trade
Associations and Chambers (TACs) are crucial partners in championing the
business interests of their members, and I am heartened that TACs like SPETA are
playing an active role to help members build up their capabilities and create
opportunities to move the industry forward.

15. I wish you all a fruitful time at Medical Manufacturing Asia 2016 and
Medical Fair Asia 2016, and to our foreign guests, we wish you a productive and
memorable visit to Singapore.

16. Thank you.

This document has footnotes and they may be found at:
(https://www.mti.gov.sg/NewsRoom/Pages/Speech-by-Minister-S-Iswaran-at-the-Joint
-Opening-Ceremony-of-Medical-Manufacturing-Asia-2016-and-Medical-Fair-Asia-2016-
.aspx)

Source: Ministry of Trade and Industry, Government of Singapore

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


      Copyright 2016 Singapore Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            January 12, 2007 Friday

Governor draws flack for spending plan

BYLINE: By Steve Geissinger, MEDIANEWS SACRAMENTO BUREAU

SECTION: ARGUS

LENGTH: 1007 words


SACRAMENTO -- After touting popular aspects of his budget, Gov. Arnold
Schwarzenegger proposed a spending plan Wednesday that Bay Area Democrats and
advocacy groups said revealed the "devil in the details" for everyone from
college students to the poor.

The Republican governor defended his $143.4 billion, 2007-08 spending plan for
the fiscal year beginning July 1 as "providing crucial services" while reducing
"our net operating deficit to zero." Fiscally conservative GOP lawmakers
disputed the deficit assertion as inaccurate.

One of the most controversial fiscal impacts in Schwarzenegger's budget was
tuition fee increases for college students -- 7 percent at the University of
California and

10 percent in the California StateUniversity system. Community college fees
would remain the same.

Shattering the standout bipartisanship Schwarzenegger forecast this year, Senate
leader Don Perata, D-Oakland, and Assembly Speaker Fabian Nunez, D-Los Angeles,
vowed to battle -- among other things -- tuition fee increases and social
service program cuts.

"It makes no sense to build more prisons while taking away breakfast for poor
kids and support for the mentally ill," Perata said.

Activists in the Democratic party's Bay Area stronghold also promised to fight
the tuition fee increases, along with a $324 million cut and suspending a $140
million inflation adjustment for CalWorks, the state's welfare-to-work program,
which pays for child care and other services.

Other controversial moves include:

-Deferring $1.1 billion in gas tax monies from transportation for other uses

-Repealing the $165 million teacher tax credit

-Shifting at least $33 million in juvenile offender costs to cash-strapped
counties

-Ending state funding of $55 million for the program for homeless adults with
serious mental illnesses

-Deferring $80 million in work on the state's deteriorating and, in places,
ramshackle parks

- Slashing $25 million on a one-time basis from funds for the drug-offender
diversion program, voter-approved Proposition 36

Schwarzenegger, in the wake of previous announcements, had won bipartisan praise
for his plans to reform California's health care system, reduce greenhouse gas
emissions from motor vehicle fuels and borrow to build new classrooms, prisons
and two dams.

The governor also plans to overhaul the San Francisco Bay Delta to make it into
a better water supply and safer from flooding, while providing more than $100
million to finish expansion and refurbishing of death row at San Quentin prison.

But the controversial aspects of the governor's budget, scattered with little
details through the massive spending plan, altered the mood in Sacramento on
Wednesday.

Sen. Ellen Corbett, D-San Leandro, was among lawmakers who said she would battle
one of the high-profile issues -- the university tuition increases.

"Times are tough for students, especially in the Bay Area, where living costs
are high," said the former assemblywoman. "I don't want to balance the budget on
the backs of our students. I am opposed to that and will fight the increases."

"Indeed, the devil was in the details" following Schwarzenegger's glowing budget
previews and Tuesday's State of the State address, Corbett and others said.

Outside the Capitol auditorium where the governor unveiled his budget, a small
group of Bay Area protesters held signs and chanted: "Don't target our
children," referring to the CalWorks cuts.

Melissa Johnson of the Berkeley-based LIFETIME (Low-Income Families' Empowerment
Through Education), said that "taking away cash aid from California's poor
children is cruel and unnecessary.

"Struggling families need help with education and training, child care and
supportive services -- not punishment," Johnson said.

Sen. Elaine Alquist, D-San Jose, said she will work to reverse the cuts in
CalWorks, which administration officials said are tied to changes in federal
rules.

"Poor families spend this money immediately on basic needs such as rent and
their food," Alquist said. "I fear the governor's proposals to cut grants would
result in more children sent to foster care, just when we're making progress
with that overburdened system."

Melissa Michelson, a political science professor at California State University,
East Bay, said the "governor's proposed changes to the CalWorks budget are in
stark contrast to his rhetoric about centrism at the inauguration.

"These are right-of-center proposals that are already proving divisive --
particularly the plan to eliminate the July COLA (cost of living adjustment),"
she said.

The cut of $25 million to the state's $145 million voter-approved Proposition 36
program, aimed at providing treatment instead of jail time for drug offenders,
won't be cost effective, advocates said.

"By cutting funding," said Margaret Dooley of the Drug Policy Alliance, "the
governor is gutting one of the best (and most cost-saving) public health
programs ever to come out in California."

In an obscure twist in the budget, state departments are to make a combined $100
million reduction in expenses. There are no public guidelines as to where to
make the cuts.

"The (governor's) Department of Finance will work with agency secretaries and
other cabinet members to achieve additional general fund savings," according to
a summary of the budget.

There was still a glimmer of hope for bipartisan work.

"It's a classic mixed bag of good and bad. And that's a fine place to start,"
said Assemblywoman Patty Berg, a Eureka Democrat whose district stretches into
the northern Bay Area. "But bottom line, ... we will not balance this budget on
the backs of seniors or California's most vulnerable citizens."

MediaNews staff writers Mike Zapler and Steve Harmon contributed to this report.

Contact Steve Geissinger at (916) 447-9302 or e-mail
sgeissinger@angnewspapers.com .

''Times are tough for students, especially in the Bay Area

where living costs are high. I don't want to balance the budget

on the backs of our students. I am opposed to that

and will fight the increases."

Ellen Corbett, D-San Leandro

STATE SENATOR

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           January 11, 2007 Thursday

Governor draws flack for spending plan

BYLINE: By Steve Geissinger, MEDIANEWS SACRAMENTO BUREAU

SECTION: ARGUS

LENGTH: 1007 words


SACRAMENTO -- After touting popular aspects of his budget, Gov. Arnold
Schwarzenegger proposed a spending plan Wednesday that Bay Area Democrats and
advocacy groups said revealed the "devil in the details" for everyone from
college students to the poor.

The Republican governor defended his $143.4 billion, 2007-08 spending plan for
the fiscal year beginning July 1 as "providing crucial services" while reducing
"our net operating deficit to zero." Fiscally conservative GOP lawmakers
disputed the deficit assertion as inaccurate.

One of the most controversial fiscal impacts in Schwarzenegger's budget was
tuition fee increases for college students -- 7 percent at the University of
California and

10 percent in the California StateUniversity system. Community college fees
would remain the same.

Shattering the standout bipartisanship Schwarzenegger forecast this year, Senate
leader Don Perata, D-Oakland, and Assembly Speaker Fabian Nunez, D-Los Angeles,
vowed to battle -- among other things -- tuition fee increases and social
service program cuts.

"It makes no sense to build more prisons while taking away breakfast for poor
kids and support for the mentally ill," Perata said.

Activists in the Democratic party's Bay Area stronghold also promised to fight
the tuition fee increases, along with a $324 million cut and suspending a $140
million inflation adjustment for CalWorks, the state's welfare-to-work program,
which pays for child care and other services.

Other controversial moves include:

-Deferring $1.1 billion in gas tax monies from transportation for other uses

-Repealing the $165 million teacher tax credit

-Shifting at least $33 million in juvenile offender costs to cash-strapped
counties

-Ending state funding of $55 million for the program for homeless adults with
serious mental illnesses

-Deferring $80 million in work on the state's deteriorating and, in places,
ramshackle parks

- Slashing $25 million on a one-time basis from funds for the drug-offender
diversion program, voter-approved Proposition 36

Schwarzenegger, in the wake of previous announcements, had won bipartisan praise
for his plans to reform California's health care system, reduce greenhouse gas
emissions from motor vehicle fuels and borrow to build new classrooms, prisons
and two dams.

The governor also plans to overhaul the San Francisco Bay Delta to make it into
a better water supply and safer from flooding, while providing more than $100
million to finish expansion and refurbishing of death row at San Quentin prison.

But the controversial aspects of the governor's budget, scattered with little
details through the massive spending plan, altered the mood in Sacramento on
Wednesday.

Sen. Ellen Corbett, D-San Leandro, was among lawmakers who said she would battle
one of the high-profile issues -- the university tuition increases.

"Times are tough for students, especially in the Bay Area, where living costs
are high," said the former assemblywoman. "I don't want to balance the budget on
the backs of our students. I am opposed to that and will fight the increases."

"Indeed, the devil was in the details" following Schwarzenegger's glowing budget
previews and Tuesday's State of the State address, Corbett and others said.

Outside the Capitol auditorium where the governor unveiled his budget, a small
group of Bay Area protesters held signs and chanted: "Don't target our
children," referring to the CalWorks cuts.

Melissa Johnson of the Berkeley-based LIFETIME (Low-Income Families' Empowerment
Through Education), said that "taking away cash aid from California's poor
children is cruel and unnecessary.

"Struggling families need help with education and training, child care and
supportive services -- not punishment," Johnson said.

Sen. Elaine Alquist, D-San Jose, said she will work to reverse the cuts in
CalWorks, which administration officials said are tied to changes in federal
rules.

"Poor families spend this money immediately on basic needs such as rent and
their food," Alquist said. "I fear the governor's proposals to cut grants would
result in more children sent to foster care, just when we're making progress
with that overburdened system."

Melissa Michelson, a political science professor at California State University,
East Bay, said the "governor's proposed changes to the CalWorks budget are in
stark contrast to his rhetoric about centrism at the inauguration.

"These are right-of-center proposals that are already proving divisive --
particularly the plan to eliminate the July COLA (cost of living adjustment),"
she said.

The cut of $25 million to the state's $145 million voter-approved Proposition 36
program, aimed at providing treatment instead of jail time for drug offenders,
won't be cost effective, advocates said.

"By cutting funding," said Margaret Dooley of the Drug Policy Alliance, "the
governor is gutting one of the best (and most cost-saving) public health
programs ever to come out in California."

In an obscure twist in the budget, state departments are to make a combined $100
million reduction in expenses. There are no public guidelines as to where to
make the cuts.

"The (governor's) Department of Finance will work with agency secretaries and
other cabinet members to achieve additional general fund savings," according to
a summary of the budget.

There was still a glimmer of hope for bipartisan work.

"It's a classic mixed bag of good and bad. And that's a fine place to start,"
said Assemblywoman Patty Berg, a Eureka Democrat whose district stretches into
the northern Bay Area. "But bottom line, ... we will not balance this budget on
the backs of seniors or California's most vulnerable citizens."

MediaNews staff writers Mike Zapler and Steve Harmon contributed to this report.

Contact Steve Geissinger at (916) 447-9302 or e-mail
sgeissinger@angnewspapers.com .

''Times are tough for students, especially in the Bay Area

where living costs are high. I don't want to balance the budget

on the backs of our students. I am opposed to that

and will fight the increases."

Ellen Corbett, D-San Leandro

STATE SENATOR

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GOV. ARNOLDSCHWARZENEGGERaddresses a newsconference inwhich he
releasedhis $143.4 billion,2007-08 statebudget WednesdayinSacramento.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Observer (La Grande Oregon)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

BRIEFLY: Arts Commission gathers Tuesday

BYLINE: The Observer, La Grande, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 730 words


April 08--The La Grande Arts Commission will have a business meeting at 5:30
p.m. Tuesday at the Parks and Rec Office, 2402 Cedar. Due to lack of a quorum,
the March meeting was canceled. The agenda for April includes discussing budget
items, future scholarships and brochures, the Arts for All event and the
upcoming Eastern Oregon Film Festival. The public is welcome to attend.

The Art Commission currently has two potential openings. Information and
applications can be found on the City of La Grande home page, from any of the
current commissioners or from Stu Spence or Minnie Tucker by calling
541-962-1352

LHS Class of 1957 hosts lunch Monday

The La Grande High School Class of 1957 will meet for lunch at 1 p.m. Monday at
the Flying J Restaurant.

Impact 100 meeting set for next Friday

The 13th annual Impact 100 meeting will be conducted Friday, April 15.

The meeting starts at  6 p.m. in the Northeast  Oregon Transit Center building's
conference room at 2204 East Penn Ave. The transit center building is about 50
yards west of the Union County Senior Center.

Impact 100 meets once a year to distribute money it has raised in the past 12
months to help Union County residents and community service organizations.

Impact 100 distributed $16,300 in funds in 2015 and $193,800 since 2003.

Impact 100 members have all donated at least $100 in the past year to the
program. The organization is comprised primarily of women, but anyone is welcome
to attend.

Youth group seeks donations for yard sale

The Lighthouse Church youth group is seeking donations for a yard sale to
support their trip to Tulsa, Oklahoma, this summer. The sale will take place
April 30, location TBD. The group will pick up any donations and will provide a
tax receipt if desired. Call 541-910-2026 to schedule a pick-up or drop-off.

Register for health worker training

Do you have a passion for your community? Would you like to increase your skills
and become part of a new workforce? Northeast Oregon Network can help you do
just that with upcoming             Community Health Worker training sessions in
La Grande.

Community Health Workers are a community-based resource that works with
individual community members and the community as a whole to help navigate the
health care and social service systems to improve lives in their area. Anyone
who wants to learn more is welcome to attend the training.

The training consists of   90 hours of class time. NEON is the only certified
hands-on program on the eastern side of the state that can offer the program and
certification. This spring's training course will run from 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
April 11-14, April 25-28 and May 9-12. There will be a 30-minute break each day
for lunch, which will be provided by NEON. The training will take place at the
Integrated Services Building, 1607 Gekeler Lane, La Grande.

For more information, visit www.neonoregon.org or contact Vixen Radford-Wecks of
NEON at 541-398-2539 or This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots,
you need JavaScript enabled to view it

EOLS Directors to hold April meeting

UNION -- The April meeting of the Directors of the Eastern Oregon Livestock Show
is scheduled for 7:30 p.m. Tuesday in the Clubhouse located on East Delta Street
in Union.

'Organizing a Newspaper' is topic of presentation

Union County Retired Educators will meet at  11:30 a.m. Wednesday at the Flying
J's meeting room. Guest speakers Andrew Cutler, managing editor of The Observer,
and Karrine Brogoitti, The Observer's ad manager, will present "Organizing a
Newspaper."

Tickets on sale now for halibut dinner

UNION -- Tickets are now on sale for a halibut dinner that will benefit Union's
junior high and high school sports and clubs. Two seatings will be offered for
the May 7 event in the Union High School gym: 4 p.m. to 6 p.m., and 6 p.m. to 8
p.m. Cost is $20 for fresh baked halibut, a baked potato,    coleslaw, bread,
dessert, coffee and Pepsi products. A $5 hot dog plate will be available for
kids. Uncooked fresh halibut may also be pre-ordered for $25 per pound.

For more information or to reserve tickets and seating time, call Rose at
541-910-5986 or go to www.eventbrite.com and click on "Discover Events" (there
is a small surcharge) for online purchases.

___ (c)2016 The Observer (La Grande, Ore.) Visit The Observer (La Grande, Ore.)
at www.lagrandeobserver.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160408-YL-BRIEFLY-Arts-Commission-gathers-Tuesday-0408-20160408

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YL


                          Copyright 2016 The Observer


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            January 12, 2007 Friday

Governor's budget draws flak

BYLINE: By Steve Geissinger, MEDIANEWS SACRAMENTO BUREAU

SECTION: SAN MATEO

LENGTH: 963 words


SACRAMENTO -- After touting popular aspects of his budget, Gov. Arnold
Schwarzenegger proposed a spending plan Wednesday that Bay Area Democrats and
advocacy groups said revealed the "devil in the details" for everyone from
college students to the poor.

The Republican governor defended his $143.4 billion, 2007-08 spending plan for
the fiscal year beginning July 1 as "providing crucial services" while reducing
"our net operating deficit to zero." Fiscally conservative GOP lawmakers
disputed the deficit assertion as inaccurate.

One of the most controversial fiscal impacts in Schwarzenegger's budget was
tuition fee hikes for college students -- 7 percent at the University of
California and 10 percent in the California State University system. Community
college fees would remain the same.

Shattering the standout bipartisanship Schwarzenegger forecast this year, Senate
leader Don Perata, D-Oakland, and Assembly Speaker Fabian Nunez, D-Los Angeles,
vowed tobattle -- among other things -- tuition fee hikes and social service
program cuts.

"It makes no sense to build more prisons while taking away breakfast for poor
kids and support for the mentally ill," Perata said.

Activists in the Democratic party's Bay Area stronghold also promised to fight
the tuition fee hikes, along with a $324 million cut and suspending a $140
million inflation adjustment for CalWorks, the state's welfare-to-work program,
which pays for child care and other services.

Other controversial moves include:

-Deferring $1.1 billion in gas tax monies from transportation for other uses

-Repealing the $165 million teacher tax credit

-Shifting at least $33 million in juvenile offender costs to cash-strapped
counties

-Ending state funding of $55 million for the program for homeless adults with
serious mental illnesses

-Deferring $80 million in work on the state's deteriorating and, in places,
ramshackle parks

- Slashing $25 million on a one-time basis from funds for the drug-offender
diversion program, voter-approved Proposition 36.

Schwarzenegger, in the wake of previous announcements, had won bipartisan praise
for his plans to reform California's health care system, reduce greenhouse gas
emissions from motor vehicle fuels and borrow to build new classrooms, prisons
and two dams.

The governor also plans to overhaul the San Francisco Bay Delta to make it into
a better water supply and safer from flooding, while providing more than $100
million to finish expansion and refurbishing of death row at San Quentin prison.

But the controversial aspects of the governor's budget, scattered with little
details through the massive spending plan, altered the mood in Sacramento on
Wednesday.

Sen. Ellen Corbett, D-San Leandro, was among lawmakers who said she would battle
one of the high-profile issues -- the university tuition hikes.

"Times are tough for students, especially in the Bay Area where living costs are
high," said the former assemblywoman. "I don't want to balance the budget on the
backs of our students. I am opposed to that and will fight the increases."

"Indeed, the devil was in the details" following Schwarzenegger's glowing budget
previews and Tuesday's state of the state address, Corbett and others said.

Outside the Capitol auditorium where the governor unveiled his budget, a small
group of Bay Area protesters held signs and chanted: "Don't target our
children," referring to the CalWorks cuts.

Melissa Johnson of the Berkeley-based LIFETIME (Low-Income Families' Empowerment
Through Education), said that "taking away cash aid from California's poor
children is cruel and unnecessary.

"Struggling families need help with education and training, child care, and
supportive services -- not punishment," Johnson said.

Sen. Elaine Alquist, D-San Jose, said she will work to reverse the cuts in
CalWorks, which administration officials said are tied to changes in federal
rules.

"Poor families spend this money immediately on basic needs such as rent and
their food," Alquist said. "I fear the governor's proposals to cut grants would
result in more children sent to foster care, just when we're making progress
with that overburdened system."

Melissa Michelson, a political science professor at California State University,
East Bay, said the "governor's proposed changes to the CalWorks budget are in
stark contrast to his rhetoric about centrism at the inauguration.

"These are right-of-center proposals that are already proving divisive --
particularly the plan to eliminate the July COLA (cost of living adjustment),"
she said.

The cut of $25 million to the state's $145 million voter-approved Proposition 36
program, aimed at providing treatment instead of jail time for drug offenders,
won't be cost effective, advocates said.

"By cutting funding," said Margaret Dooley of the Drug Policy Alliance, "the
governor is gutting one of the best (and most cost-saving) public health
programs ever to come out in California."

In an obscure twist in the budget, state departments are to make a combined $100
million reduction in expenses. There are no public guidelines as to where to
make the cuts.

"The (governor's) Department of Finance will work with agency secretaries and
other cabinet members to achieve additional general fund savings," according to
a summary of the budget.

There was still a glimmer of hope for bipartisan work.

"It's a classic mixed bag of good and bad. And that's a fine place to start,"
said Assemblywoman Patty Berg, a Eureka Democrat whose district stretches into
the northern Bay Area. "But bottom line, ... we will not balance this budget on
the backs of seniors or California's most vulnerable citizens."

MediaNews staff writers Mike Zapler and Steve Harmon contributed to this report.

Contact Steve Geissinger at (916) 447-9302 or sgeissinger@angnewspapers.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           January 11, 2007 Thursday

Governor's budget draws flak

BYLINE: By Steve Geissinger, MEDIANEWS SACRAMENTO BUREAU

SECTION: SAN MATEO

LENGTH: 963 words


SACRAMENTO -- After touting popular aspects of his budget, Gov. Arnold
Schwarzenegger proposed a spending plan Wednesday that Bay Area Democrats and
advocacy groups said revealed the "devil in the details" for everyone from
college students to the poor.

The Republican governor defended his $143.4 billion, 2007-08 spending plan for
the fiscal year beginning July 1 as "providing crucial services" while reducing
"our net operating deficit to zero." Fiscally conservative GOP lawmakers
disputed the deficit assertion as inaccurate.

One of the most controversial fiscal impacts in Schwarzenegger's budget was
tuition fee hikes for college students -- 7 percent at the University of
California and 10 percent in the California State University system. Community
college fees would remain the same.

Shattering the standout bipartisanship Schwarzenegger forecast this year, Senate
leader Don Perata, D-Oakland, and Assembly Speaker Fabian Nunez, D-Los Angeles,
vowed tobattle -- among other things -- tuition fee hikes and social service
program cuts.

"It makes no sense to build more prisons while taking away breakfast for poor
kids and support for the mentally ill," Perata said.

Activists in the Democratic party's Bay Area stronghold also promised to fight
the tuition fee hikes, along with a $324 million cut and suspending a $140
million inflation adjustment for CalWorks, the state's welfare-to-work program,
which pays for child care and other services.

Other controversial moves include:

-Deferring $1.1 billion in gas tax monies from transportation for other uses

-Repealing the $165 million teacher tax credit

-Shifting at least $33 million in juvenile offender costs to cash-strapped
counties

-Ending state funding of $55 million for the program for homeless adults with
serious mental illnesses

-Deferring $80 million in work on the state's deteriorating and, in places,
ramshackle parks

- Slashing $25 million on a one-time basis from funds for the drug-offender
diversion program, voter-approved Proposition 36.

Schwarzenegger, in the wake of previous announcements, had won bipartisan praise
for his plans to reform California's health care system, reduce greenhouse gas
emissions from motor vehicle fuels and borrow to build new classrooms, prisons
and two dams.

The governor also plans to overhaul the San Francisco Bay Delta to make it into
a better water supply and safer from flooding, while providing more than $100
million to finish expansion and refurbishing of death row at San Quentin prison.

But the controversial aspects of the governor's budget, scattered with little
details through the massive spending plan, altered the mood in Sacramento on
Wednesday.

Sen. Ellen Corbett, D-San Leandro, was among lawmakers who said she would battle
one of the high-profile issues -- the university tuition hikes.

"Times are tough for students, especially in the Bay Area where living costs are
high," said the former assemblywoman. "I don't want to balance the budget on the
backs of our students. I am opposed to that and will fight the increases."

"Indeed, the devil was in the details" following Schwarzenegger's glowing budget
previews and Tuesday's state of the state address, Corbett and others said.

Outside the Capitol auditorium where the governor unveiled his budget, a small
group of Bay Area protesters held signs and chanted: "Don't target our
children," referring to the CalWorks cuts.

Melissa Johnson of the Berkeley-based LIFETIME (Low-Income Families' Empowerment
Through Education), said that "taking away cash aid from California's poor
children is cruel and unnecessary.

"Struggling families need help with education and training, child care, and
supportive services -- not punishment," Johnson said.

Sen. Elaine Alquist, D-San Jose, said she will work to reverse the cuts in
CalWorks, which administration officials said are tied to changes in federal
rules.

"Poor families spend this money immediately on basic needs such as rent and
their food," Alquist said. "I fear the governor's proposals to cut grants would
result in more children sent to foster care, just when we're making progress
with that overburdened system."

Melissa Michelson, a political science professor at California State University,
East Bay, said the "governor's proposed changes to the CalWorks budget are in
stark contrast to his rhetoric about centrism at the inauguration.

"These are right-of-center proposals that are already proving divisive --
particularly the plan to eliminate the July COLA (cost of living adjustment),"
she said.

The cut of $25 million to the state's $145 million voter-approved Proposition 36
program, aimed at providing treatment instead of jail time for drug offenders,
won't be cost effective, advocates said.

"By cutting funding," said Margaret Dooley of the Drug Policy Alliance, "the
governor is gutting one of the best (and most cost-saving) public health
programs ever to come out in California."

In an obscure twist in the budget, state departments are to make a combined $100
million reduction in expenses. There are no public guidelines as to where to
make the cuts.

"The (governor's) Department of Finance will work with agency secretaries and
other cabinet members to achieve additional general fund savings," according to
a summary of the budget.

There was still a glimmer of hope for bipartisan work.

"It's a classic mixed bag of good and bad. And that's a fine place to start,"
said Assemblywoman Patty Berg, a Eureka Democrat whose district stretches into
the northern Bay Area. "But bottom line, ... we will not balance this budget on
the backs of seniors or California's most vulnerable citizens."

MediaNews staff writers Mike Zapler and Steve Harmon contributed to this report.

Contact Steve Geissinger at (916) 447-9302 or sgeissinger@angnewspapers.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           January 11, 2007 Thursday

Governor reveals spending proposal

BYLINE: By Steve Geissinger, MEDIANEWS SACRAMENTO BUREAU

SECTION: TRI-VALLEY

LENGTH: 963 words


SACRAMENTO -- After touting popular aspects of his budget, Gov. Arnold
Schwarzenegger proposed a spending plan Wednesday that Bay Area Democrats and
advocacy groups said revealed the "devil in the details" for everyone from
college students to the poor.

The Republican governor defended his $143.4 billion, 2007-08 spending plan for
the fiscal year beginning July 1 as "providing crucial services" while reducing
"our net operating deficit to zero." Fiscally conservative GOP lawmakers
disputed the deficit assertion as inaccurate.

One of the most controversial fiscal impacts in Schwarzenegger's budget was
tuition fee hikes for college students -- 7 percent at the University of
California and 10 percent in the California State University system. Community
college fees would remain the same.

Shattering the standout bipartisanship Schwarzenegger forecast this year, Senate
leader Don Perata, D-Oakland, and Assembly Speaker Fabian Nnez, D-Los Angeles,
vowed to battle -- among other things -- tuition fee hikes and social service
program cuts.

"It makes no sense to build more prisons while taking away breakfast for poor
kids and support for the mentally ill," Perata said.

Activists in the Democratic party's Bay Area stronghold also promised to fight
the tuition fee hikes, along with a $324 million cut and suspending a $140
million inflation adjustment for CalWorks, the state's welfare-to-work program,
which pays for child care and other services.

Other controversial moves include:

-Deferring $1.1 billion in gas tax moneys from transportation for other uses.

-Repealing the $165 million teacher tax credit.

-Shifting at least $33 million in juvenile offender costs to cash-strapped
counties.

-Ending state funding of

$55 million for the program for homeless adults with serious mental illnesses.

-Deferring $80 million in work on the state's deteriorating and, in places,
ramshackle parks.

- Slashing $25 million on a one-time basis from funds for the drug-offender
diversion program, voter-approved Proposition 36.

Schwarzenegger, in the wake of previous announcements, had won bipartisan praise
for his plans to reform California's health care system, reduce greenhouse gas
emissions from motor vehicle fuels and borrow to build new classrooms, prisons
and two dams.

The governor also plans to overhaul the San Francisco Bay Delta to make it into
a better water supply and safer from flooding, while providing more than $100
million to finish expansion and refurbishing of death row at San Quentin prison.

But the controversial aspects of the governor's budget, scattered with little
details through the massive spending plan, altered the mood in Sacramento on
Wednesday.

Sen. Ellen Corbett, D-San Leandro, was among lawmakers who said she would battle
one of the high-profile issues -- the university tuition hikes.

"Times are tough for students, especially in the Bay Area where living costs are
high," said the former assemblywoman. "I don't want to balance the budget on the
backs of our students. I am opposed to that and will fight the increases."

"Indeed, the devil was in the details" following Schwarzenegger's glowing budget
previews and Tuesday's State of the State address, Corbett and others said.

Outside the Capitol auditorium where the governor unveiled his budget, a small
group of Bay Area protesters held signs and chanted: "Don't target our
children," referring to the CalWorks cuts.

Melissa Johnson of the Berkeley-based LIFETIME (Low-Income Families' Empowerment
Through Education), said that "taking away cash aid from California's poor
children is cruel and unnecessary."

"Struggling families need help with education and training, child care, and
supportive services -- not punishment," Johnson said.

Sen. Elaine Alquist, D-San Jose, said she will work to reverse cuts in CalWorks,
which administration officials said are tied to changes in federal rules.

"Poor families spend this money immediately on basic needs such as rent and
their food," Alquist said. "I fear the governor's proposals to cut grants would
result in more children sent to foster care, just when we're making progress
with that overburdened system."

Melissa Michelson, a political science professor at California State University,
East Bay, said the "governor's proposed changes to the CalWorks budget are in
stark contrast to his rhetoric about centrism at the inauguration.

"These are right-of-center proposals that are already proving divisive --
particularly the plan to eliminate the July COLA (cost of living adjustment),"
she said.

The cut of $25 million to the state's $145 million voter-approved Proposition 36
program, aimed at providing treatment instead of jail time for drug offenders,
won't be cost effective, advocates said.

"By cutting funding," said Margaret Dooley of the Drug Policy Alliance, "the
governor is gutting one of the best (and most cost-saving) public health
programs ever to come out in California."

In an obscure twist in the budget, state departments are to make a combined $100
million reduction in expenses. There are no public guidelines as to where to
make the cuts.

"The (governor's) Department of Finance will work with agency secretaries and
other cabinet members to achieve additional general fund savings," according to
a summary of the budget.

There was still a glimmer of hope for bipartisan work.

"It's a classic mixed bag of good and bad. And that's a fine place to start,"
said Assemblywoman Patty Berg, a Eureka Democrat whose district stretches into
the northern Bay Area. "But bottom line, ... we will not balance this budget on
the backs of seniors or California's most vulnerable citizens."

MediaNews staff writers Mike Zapler and Steve Harmon contributed to this report.

Contact Steve Geissinger at (916) 447-9302 or sgeissinger@angnewspapers.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GOV. ARNOLDSCHWARZENEGGERaddresses a newsconference inwhich he
releasedhis $143.4 billion,2007-08 statebudget WednesdayinSacramento.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           January 10, 2007 Wednesday

UPDATE: Governor runs into criticism of lauded spending plan

BYLINE: Steve Geissinger, SACRAMENTO BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 965 words


SACRAMENTO -- After touting popular aspects of his budget, Gov. Arnold
Schwarzenegger proposed a spending plan Wednesday that Bay Area Democrats and
advocacy groups said revealed the "devil in the details" for everyone from
college students to the poor.

The Republican governor defended his $143.4 billion, 2007-08 spending plan for
the fiscal year beginning July 1, as "providing crucial services" while reducing
"our net operating deficit to zero." Fiscally conservative GOP lawmakers
disputed the deficit assertion as inaccurate.

One of the most controversial fiscal impacts in Schwarzenegger's budget was
tuition fee hikes for college students -- 7 percent at the University of
California and 10 percent in the California State University system. Community
college fees would remain the same.

Shattering the standout bipartisanship Schwarzenegger forecast this year, Senate
leader Don Perata, D-Oakland, and Assembly Speaker Fabian Nunez, D-Los Angeles,
vowed to battle among other things -- tuition fee hikes and social service
program cuts.

"It makes no sense to build more prisons while taking away breakfast for poor
kids and support for the mentally ill," Perata said.

Activists in the Democratic party's Bay Area stronghold also promised to fight
the tuition fee hikes, along with a $324 million cut and suspending a $140
million inflation adjustment for CalWorks, the state's welfare-to-work program,
which pays for child care and other services.

Other controversial moves include:

* Deferring $1.1 billion in gas tax monies from transportation for other uses.

* Repealing the $165 million teacher tax credit.

* Shifting at least $33 million in juvenile offender costs to cash-strapped
counties.

* Ending state funding of $55 million for the program for homeless adults with
serious mental illnesses.

* Deferring $80 million in work on the state's deteriorating and, in places,
ramshackle parks.

* Slashing $25 million on a one-time basis from funds for the drug-offender
diversion program, voter-approved Proposition 36.

Schwarzenegger, in the wake of previous announcements, had won bipartisan praise
for his plans to reform California's health care system; reduce greenhouse gas
emissions from motor vehicle fuels; and borrow to build new classrooms, prisons
and two dams.

The governor also plans to overhaul the San Francisco Bay delta to make it into
a better water supply and safer from flooding, while providing more than $100
million to finish expansion and refurbishing of death row at San Quentin prison.

But the controversial aspects of the governor's budget, scattered with little
details through the massive spending plan, altered the mood in Sacramento on
Wednesday.

Sen. Ellen Corbett, D-San Leandro, was among lawmakers who said she would battle
one of the high-profile issues -- the university tuition hikes.

"Times are tough for students, especially in the Bay Area where living costs are
high," said the former assemblywoman. "I don't want to balance the budget on the
backs of our students. I am opposed to that and will fight the increases."

"Indeed, the devil was in the details" following Schwarzenegger's glowing budget
previews and Tuesday's state of the state address, Corbett and others said.

Outside the capital auditorium where the governor unveiled his budget, a small
group of Bay Area protesters held signs and chanted: "Don't target our
children," referring to the CalWorks cuts.

Melissa Johnson of the Berkeley-based LIFETIME, or Low-Income Families'
Empowerment Through Education, said that "taking away cash aid from California's
poor children is cruel and unnecessary."

"Struggling families need help with education and training, child care, and
supportive services -- not punishment," Johnson said.

Sen. Elaine Alquist, D-San Jose, said she will work to reverse the cuts in
CalWorks, which administration officials said are tied to changes in federal
rules.

"Poor families spend this money immediately on basic needs such as rent and
their food," Alquist said. "I fear the governor's proposals to cut grants would
result in more children sent to foster care, just when we're making progress
with that overburdened system."

Melissa Michelson, a political science professor at California State University,
East Bay, said the "governor's proposed changes to the CalWorks budget are in
stark contrast to his rhetoric about centrism at the inauguration."

"These are right-of-center proposals that are already proving divisive --
particularly the plan to eliminate the July COLA (cost of living adjustment),"
she said.

The cut of $25 million to the state's $145 million voter-approved Proposition 36
program, aimed at providing treatment instead of jail time for drug offenders,
won't be cost effective, advocates said.

"By cutting funding," said Margaret Dooley of the Drug Policy Alliance, "the
governor is gutting one of the best (and most cost-saving) public health
programs ever to come out in California."

In an obscure twist in the budget, state departments are to make a combined $100
million reduction in expenses. There are no public guidelines as to where to
make the cuts.

"The (governor's) Department of Finance will work with agency secretaries and
other cabinet members to achieve additional general fund savings," according to
a summary of the budget.

There was still a glimmer of hope for bipartisan work.

"It's a classic mixed bag of good and bad. And that's a fine place to start,"
said Assemblywoman Patty Berg, a Eureka Democrat whose district stretches into
the northern Bay Area. "But bottom line ... we will not balance this budget on
the backs of seniors or California's most vulnerable citizens."

MediaNews staff writers Mike Zapler and Steve Harmon contributed to this report.
Contact Steve Geissinger at (916) 447-9302 or sgeissinger@angnewspapers.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             June 5, 2008 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Daily Briefing

BYLINE: From Staff and News Services

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 2077 words


AGRICULTURE: Monsanto's seed plans ambitious

Creve Coeur, Mo. --- Monsanto plans to double the yield of its corn, soybean and
cotton plants by 2030. Chief Executive Hugh Grant said Wednesday that Monsanto
can use advanced breeding techniques and genetic engineering to make new breeds
of its three core crops. He also said the crops will also consume only one-third
as much water as the varieties grown today.

Ex-official: Ethanol effect understated

The Bush administration is understating ethanol's impact on global food prices,
according to a former chief economist for the Department of Agriculture. The
White House Council of Economic Advisers' estimate that U.S. biofuels account
for 2 percent to 3 percent of rising food costs doesn't factor in corn's effect
on the price of other crops, said Keith Collins, who retired in January. As a
result, the administration may be too optimistic in asserting that rising
ethanol use won't add substantially to food inflation, he said.

AUTOMOTIVE: Auto plant wages drop in Mexico

Mexico City --- Mexican auto unions are taking a cue from U.S. labor leaders by
offering two-tier hiring schemes and salary cuts that bring already low wages
down to near-Chinese levels. As more automakers turn to Mexico, a big argument
for the North American Free Trade Agreement in 1993 --- that Mexico's low wage
rates would slowly rise to close the gap with U.S. wages --- seems to have been
thrown in reverse. "The pressure has not been to raise the Mexican wages up;
it's been to push the U.S. wages down," said Ben Davis, the director of the
AFL-CIO Solidarity office in Mexico City. Wage concessions were apparently key
to convincing Ford Motor Co. to direct jobs to its plant in Cuautitlan, on the
outskirts of Mexico City. Union leaders told The Associated Press that they had
agreed to cut wages for new hires to about half of the current wage of $4.50 per
hour.

Porsche wins quality award

Porsche won the top quality ranking for a third straight year in a benchmark
survey. Porsche, the German maker of the 911 sports car, had 87 problems per 100
new vehicles in the J.D. Power & Associates survey, followed by Nissan's
Infiniti luxury brand at 98 and Toyota's Lexus with 99. Ford's namesake brand
and General Motors' Cadillac were among U.S. vehicles that climbed in the
ratings. The industry average fell to 118 problems per 100 vehicles from 125 per
100 last year.

GM office in Canada blockaded

General Motors Corp.'s main office in Canada was blockaded Wednesday by Canadian
Auto Workers members protesting the automaker's decision to close a pickup truck
plant. While the labor group was preventing vehicle access, employees were
permitted to walk to the facility, a spokeswoman for the union said.

DEALS: Smucker to buy Folgers coffee

J.M. Smucker Co., the maker of jams and jellies, announced Wednesday that it had
agreed to buy the Folgers coffee business from Procter & Gamble for $2.95
billion in stock. Ohio-based Smucker, which will also assume $350 million of
Folgers debt, said it expects the acquisition to increase earnings next year by
9 percent. "Coffee is the perfect complement to breakfast or dessert --- two
areas we know a lot about," Richard Smucker, the company's president, said in a
statement.

Report: Verizon in talks with Alltel

New York --- Verizon Wireless is in talks to buy Alltel Communications LLC, the
country's fifth-largest wireless carrier by subscribers, for $27 billion, CNBC
reported Wednesday. Representatives of Verizon Communications Inc. and Alltel
had no comment. If consummated, an acquisition would be the biggest telecom deal
since AT&T bought BellSouth at the end of 2006. Little Rock-based Alltel was a
public company until it was bought out by TPG Capital and GS Capital Partners in
November for $24.7 billion. It has a wide-ranging network, covering parts of 35
states concentrated in the middle of the country, and has more than 13 million
customers. Verizon Wireless, the No. 2 wireless carrier, uses the same network
technology as Alltel.

ECONOMY: Service sector growth tops target

The service sector grew at a better-than-expected pace in May but slower than in
April, suggesting that higher prices for food and fuel may be crimping business
in retail, entertainment and agriculture. The Institute for Supply Management
said Wednesday that its service sector index was 51.7 in May, following a
reading of 52 for April. Wall Street economists surveyed by Thomson
Financial/IFR had expected a reading of 50.3 in May. A reading above 50
indicates the sector is growing, while a reading below 50 indicates contraction.

FINANCIAL: Hallmark Cards to cut 335 jobs

Kansas City, Mo. --- Hallmark Cards Inc. is cutting 335 jobs as it consolidates
its greeting card manufacturing. The company plans to eliminate 195 positions at
its facility in Toronto immediately, it said Wednesday. Another 80 positions at
its plant in Siloam Springs, Ark., will be phased out in September and October.
Sixty positions at Hallmark's Sunrise Greetings plant in Bloomington, Ind., will
also be eliminated, beginning in January.

Fed chief calls stagflation unlikely

Washington --- Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said Wednesday that he does
not believe the United States will experience the out-of-control prices seen
with 1970s oil shocks. His assessment came in a speech Wednesday to graduating
students at Harvard University, where he earned a bachelor's degree in economics
in 1975. Back then, the economy suffered from a dangerous combination of
stubborn inflation and stagnant growth, dubbed stagflation. There are fears
today of a repeat. "We see little indication today of the beginnings of a
1970s-style wage-price spiral, in which wages and prices chased each other ever
upward," Bernanke said.

Residential Capital secures financing

GMAC LLC, the consumer lender trying to salvage its money-losing mortgage
business, has arranged more than $60 billion in new and refinanced credit to
quell concerns about the company's financial health. The package includes an
$11.4 billion revolving credit line that matures in three years and renewal of a
one-year, $10 billion commercial paper accord, according to a statement from
Detroit-based GMAC. The Residential Capital unit got a one-year extension on
$11.6 billion of bank facilities and $2.5 billion of new credit to finance home
lending. Stung by record home foreclosures and $5.3 billion in losses in the
past six quarters at ResCap, GMAC has arranged at least three infusions. With
Wednesday's financing deal, ResCap is able to meet its near-term debt
obligations and avoid default, GMAC Chief Risk Officer Sam Ramsey said in an
interview.

Lehman shares recover slightly

New York --- Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. shares recovered Wednesday on reports
that the nation's fourth-largest investment bank may raise capital from an
outside investor and allay market fears of a liquidity crisis. The stock closed
up 79 cents, or 2.6 percent, at $31.40 after it fell more than 15 percent on
Tuesday. Investors regained confidence in Lehman after Standard & Poor's
maintained its rating on the firm and Merrill Lynch gave it a "buy" rating. Guy
Moszkowski, an analyst at Merrill Lynch, said speculation about Lehman's
liquidity position over the past few days is "not justified." He also doesn't
believe Lehman faces the same kind of path as Bear Stearns, which collapsed when
customers fled on fears it didn't have enough free cash to stay in business.

Fed official: No extended slump

The United States will avoid an extended economic slump similar to Japan's in
the 1990s as banks recognize losses faster than their Japanese counterparts did,
Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta President Dennis Lockhart said Wednesday. "I do
not expect this country to experience the same protracted economic weakness as
Japan, in part because we can learn from Japan's experience," Lockhart said in
the text of a speech to the Japan-America Society of Georgia. "Affected
financial companies are already well into the process of loss recognition and
recapitalization," Lockhart said. "In the coming months and years we can expect
substantial improvements in the area of risk management and liquidity
management, even to the extent of fundamental changes of their business models."

Fidelity starts new layoffs

Fidelity Investments confirmed Wednesday that it has undertaken another round of
layoffs, the third at the Boston mutual fund giant since November. Spokeswoman
Anne Crowley declined to specify the total number of people let go except to
call it "a very small percentage" of the company's total work force of 46,000.
Employees being let go mainly worked in two units: Fidelity's personal and
workplace investing division, which operates retirement savings plans for other
companies, and its human resources services division.

HEALTH CARE: GE invests in distance medicine

Hartford, Conn. --- General Electric Co. is investing $20 million in technology
that will allow doctors to share and transmit images of microscopic human
tissue. GE Healthcare and the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center are each
putting up $20 million to establish Omnyx LLC, a business to develop and
commercialize technology allowing doctors to store and display digital images of
human tissue from microscope slides, allowing colleagues anywhere to
participate.

REAL ESTATE: Warning raised on subprime defaults

Most of the 5.85 million subprime mortgages in the United States are in danger
of defaulting in the next 12 months because of restrictions on changing terms of
the loans, according to Offit Capital Advisors. About 80 percent of the loans
are in bonds that "slice and dice" rights to a mortgage's interest or principal
in multiyear segments, said Todd Petzel, chief investment officer for the New
York-based firm. Lifting restrictions on loan modifications spelled out in the
securities requires the agreement of everyone who has invested in them, Petzel
said. "If you could get all the investors in the same room, there's no limit to
the modifications that could be made to a loan, but that's not likely to
happen," Petzel said. "Once you cut up a pig into pork chops and loins and hams,
it's nearly impossible to put the pieces back together."

TECHNOLOGY: AMD unveils new network chip

Advanced Micro Devices Inc., seeking to shrink the gap with chip industry leader
Intel Corp., on Tuesday introduced a set of notebook semiconductors that offer
improved graphics. The chips provide high-definition video quality that's five
times better than Advanced Micro's existing models, product director Leslie
Sobon said in a interview. That means the video is smoother, with higher
resolution. The set includes a processor and related chips, along with wireless
Internet semiconductors. With the new chips, consumers will get better results
in video editing and other common functions, such as accessing material from
compact discs, Sobon said. The products rely on technology from Advanced Micro's
ATI Technologies unit, acquired for $5.4 billion in 2006.

TRANSPORTATION: Severance benefits at Frontier OK'd

Denver --- A bankruptcy court judge has approved a severance plan that would
give Frontier Airlines' six top executives $144,180 if they are terminated
without cause. Frontier filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection April 10
after credit card processor First Data Corp. sought to hold up to 100 percent of
proceeds from ticket sales until flights were completed.

Ex-Delta exec joins United

Delta Air Lines' former executive vice president of operations, Joe Kolshak, has
been named United Airlines' senior vice president of operations. Kolshak will be
based in San Francisco for United. Delta announced in November that Kolshak was
retiring after 20 years. He joined Delta as a pilot.

American disputes bankruptcy talk

American Airlines parent AMR Corp. said a news report suggesting that the
world's largest carrier might file for bankruptcy is "way off base." "Any
speculation about any kind of imminent bankruptcy filing is unfounded and just
way off base," Andy Backover, a spokesman for Fort Worth, Texas-based AMR, said
Wednesday in a Bloomberg News interview. "By any measure, we've put ourselves in
a better position to manage through today's uncertainty." DealReporter, a
provider of analysis for hedge funds, quoted two unidentified sources as saying
potential bidders for AMR's American Eagle regional carrier are hesitant because
of "the very real risk" of a bankruptcy filing by AMR.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 19, 2005 Wednesday

Datebook

SECTION: BRIEF; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 3329 words


Datebook items are published free for nonprofit organizations and must be
submitted in writing seven working days before publication. Send to our office,
1700 Cavallo Road, Antioch, CA 94509. Announcement forms may be obtained by
calling 925-779-7173 or e-mail shargis@cctimes.com

Classes



 Free arts, music and sports classes -- Offered by the YMCA and the Fine Arts
Preschool for East County children ages 2-5 and their families. Fun tasks for
speech development, literacy, strengthening large motor skills and developing
fine motor skills. To sign up call 925-887-4535 or visit www.mdrymca.org

Antioch, Tuesdays, Oct. 25-Dec. 5, 9 11 a.m., Sutter Elementary School, 3410
Long View Drive, Antioch.

Brentwood, Wednesdays, Oct. 26-Dec. 7, 9-11 a.m., Delta First 5 Center, 760
First St., Brentwood.

Events



 Marsh Creek Watershed events:

Hike in Round Valley, Oct. 22, 9:30-2:30 p.m., in the eastern foothills of Mt.
Diablo. Meet in the reserve parking lot on Marsh Creek Road. Biologist Jim Hale
will lead a leisurely hike with frequent stops for interpretation and
discussion. To RSVP and for more information, call Mary, 672-6522, ext. 113.
www.ccrcd.org/marsh



 One Warm Coat Program -- Through Nov. 6, drop-off a new or gently used warm
coat for those in need at the following Realty World locations: 2729 Hillcrest
Ave., Antioch, 13530 Byron Highway, Byron, 694 Bailey Road, Pittsburg. For
information call Angela, 925-876-2034



 Pittsburg Women's Community League and the Pittsburg Library presents the
following Fine Art Museum of San Francisco lecture and slide series, Pittsburg
Library, 80 Power Ave., Pittsburg, 925-427-8390.

Art Speaks lecture: Traditional stories that inspired indigenous artists. Oct.
22, 2 p.m. Find out the story behind a work of art. Free.

Daughter of Re lecture: Hatshepsut, King of Egypt. Nov. 5, 2 p.m. Learn about
the woman who claimed the full powers of the throne and assumed the title of
king. Free.



 Contra Costa County Fairgrounds -- 1201 W. 10th St., Antioch. 925-757-4400.

Flea market, Saturday and Sunday. 7:15 a.m. Free. 925-706-0502.

Tarantula Hike, Oct. 29, 4-5:30 p.m. Meet at center. Join naturalist Bob Love
for a short talk on tarantulas and a one hour hike to find and learn more about
tarantulas. No cost for outing but $4 parking fee for rate payers and $6 for
non-rate payers. 925-688-8010 for information.

Bird Watching tours, Nov. 12 and 26, 9 a.m. Meet at Los Vaqueros Marina, located
at the southern end of Walnut Blvd., 9 miles south of Brentwood. View the birds
of Los Vaqueros from a patio boat as you tour the reservoir. Tours lead by avian
expert Jenny Papa of Native Bird Connections. No cost for tour but $4 parking
fee for rate payers and $6 for non-rate payers. Space is limited. Call
925-371-2628 for reservations.



 Wild Cat Adventure -- Oct. 23, 2-3 p.m., Brentwood Community Center, 730 Third
St., Brentwood. Program includes five wild cats live on stage. Learn facts about
their life in the wild and how to support wild cat conservation. Tickets $10
adults, $5 children under 12. For tickets and information 707-874-3176 or
www.leopardsetc.com



 Pittsburg Women's Community League Fall Luncheon -- Oct. 29, 11:30 a.m.,
Community Presbyterian community hall, 200 East Leland Road, Pittsburg. Baked
goods, money tree, door prizes and white elephant sale. Live entertainment
featuring the Antioch Senior Flappers. Tickets $5. For information Mary,
925-427-7225 or 925-439-8145.



 Annual Holy Eve Carnival -- Grace Bible Fellowship of Antioch, Oct. 31, 5-9
p.m., 913 Sunset Drive, Antioch. Free event including carnival games, prizes,
food and candy. All are welcome. For information 925-522-2017.



 Fall Trade Show -- Nov. 12, 10 a.m.-4 p.m., East County Mall. Presented by the
Pittsburg Chamber of Commerce. Expand your business clientele. Booth space is
$150 for chamber members and special rates are available for non-members. Call
925-432-7301 for details and information.

Halloween events



 Slightly Spooky Tales, Oct. 19, 4 p.m., for k-6. Storyteller Carolyn Power
tells spellbinding tales. Brentwood Library, 751 Third St., Brentwood.
925-634-4101.



 Creepy Crayon Crafts, Oct. 25, 4 p.m. Create a Halloween scene and receive a
treat. Children all ages welcome. Pittsburg Library, 80 Power Ave. across from
the parking lot of the Pittsburg Civic Center 925-427-8390.



 Halloween Stories, Oct. 26, 3 p.m. Stories, cookies and crafts. Antioch
Library, 501 W. 18th St., Antioch. 925-757-9224.



 Antioch's Rivertown Halloween Celebration -- Oct. 29: 10 a.m.-5 p.m.; Oct. 31:
1-7:30 p.m., 231 G St., Antioch. Merchant trick or treating, pumpkin carving,
treasure hunt, trick or treat bag decorating and costume contest. Ribbons and
prizes awarded. Free for all. For events times call 925-777-1755.



 Spooky Halloween Pumpkins -- Oct. 29, 1-3 p.m., sponsored by the City of
Pittsburg, Central Harbor Community Center, 31 Marina Blvd., Pittsburg. Bring
your own pumpkin to carve and decorate. Stencil, decals and carving tools
provided. Fee $10. 925-252-4842.



 Halloween at the YMCA -- Oct. 29, 3 to 5 p.m., 1250 O'Hara Ave., Oakley. Free
fun for whole family including a bounce house, treats, games and more.
925-625-9333.



 Hometown Halloween -- Oct. 29, 5-8 p.m., Oak Street in downtown Brentwood.
Haunted house, huge pumpkin and treats from 75 local businesses. Bring your
little ghosts and goblins in costume for a safe Halloween. Free and open to the
public. Sponsored by the Brentwood Chamber of Commerce. 925-634-3344.



 Trick or Treat -- Oct. 31, 2-6 p.m., Sand Creek Crossing Shopping Center, Sand
Creek Road and Highway 4 bypass, Brentwood.. Youngsters can visit stores,
restaurants and services for free Halloween goodies.



 Harvest Party -- Oct. 31, 6-9 p.m., Kings Chapel, 320 Worrell Road, Antioch. A
safe alternative for the whole family. Games, candy, prizes, bounce house and
more. Free. For information call 925-756-7315.

Boutiques, craft fairs



 Craft and Bake Sale -- Nov. 4, 9 a.m.-3 p.m., Stoneman Village Senior Housing,
390 E. Leland Road, Pittsburg. Free and open to public. 925-427-9158.



 Christmas Craft Faire -- Nov. 5-6, 9 a.m.-6 p.m., Delta Hawaii Mobilehome Park,
875, Stoneman Road, Pittsburg. Handmade crafts and more. Tamale lunch $3. Val,
925-439-8909.



 Summerset ll -- Nov. 5, 9 a.m.-3 p.m., hosting its annual holiday boutique,
Palms Recreation Center, 193 Summerset Drive, Brentwood. Holiday gifts,
decorations, crafts, homemade pastries and candies. Lunch available for a
purchase in the Palms Cafe. 925-240-1950 for information.



 Splashers Annual Holiday Boutique -- Nov. 6, 10 a.m.-5 p.m., Discovery Bay
Yacht Club, 5871 Arena Road, Discovery Bay. Gifts, Christmas and holiday
decorations, Christmas trees and more. Refreshments served. Kay, 925-516-8387 or
Peggy Ann, 925-240-6889.



 Crafty Quilters Craft Fair -- Nov. 11:1-5 p.m., Nov. 12: 9 a.m.-8 p.m., Nov.
13: 8 a.m.-1 p.m. Presented by the Crafty Quilters Club of Immaculate Heart of
Mary Catholic Church, 500 Fairview Ave., Brentwood. Baked goods, handmade items
including American Girl Doll clothes. Proceeds benefit the church building fund.
For information 925-634-4154.



 Holiday Craft Faire -- Largest craft fair in Contra Costa County. Nov. 11-13
and Nov. 18-20. Fridays 10 a.m.-4 p.m., Saturdays 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Sundays 10
a.m.-4 p.m. Antioch fairgrounds, 1201 W. 10th St., Antioch. 10-by-10 booths from
$75 for the weekend. Online applications available craft@ccfair.org



 Craft Fair Exhibitors needed -- Booth space starting at $75. For information
call Becki, 925-757-4400 or www.ccfair.org

Fund-raisers



 Local Katrina Assistance and Aid -- The Antioch Chamber of Commerce and the
City of Antioch to aid families seeking to relocate in the area. If you can
donate three months rent, employment opportunities, health services, food,
clothing and furniture please call Devi, 925-757-1800 or e-mail
ceo@antiochchamber.com



 Can Tree Golf Tournament -- Sponsored by the Delta Association of Realtors.
Oct. 21, check-in 11 a.m., shotgun start noon, Shadowlakes Golf Course,
Brentwood. $125 entry fee includes golf, shared cart, collared shirt, and
prizes. Dinner $25. Proceeds benefit the Delta Association of Realtors
Scholarship fund and the East County Boys and Girls club. For information and
registration call Anthony Silva, 925-250-0781.



 St. Anthony's Annual Golf Tournament -- Oct. 29, 11 a.m., Lone Tree Golf
Course, Antioch. Entrance fee $125 includes cart and catered dinner at St.
Anthony's Church. Dinner guest $25. Prizes and raffle. Registration by Oct. 22.
Call Vince, 925-625-2610 or 925-260-4689 to register.



 Tenth Annual Black Cat Ball -- Oct. 29, 6:30 p.m., Lone Tree Golf Course, 4800
Golf Course Road, Antioch. Reception, dinner, raffle, awards, dancing and silent
auction. Proceeds benefit the animals at the Antioch animal shelter. Adults $55,
For tickets 925-431-8318.



 Annual Community Kids and Family Jamboree -- Oct. 30, 2-6 p.m., sponsored by
Salvation Army. Salvation Army Community Center, 525 East 18th St., Antioch.
Games, cake walk and prizes and jump house. All children admitted free and
receive their first hot dog and drink free. Drinks, nachos, hot dogs and ice
cream will be for sale. Proceeds will benefit women and children for housing.
925-778-0808.

Seminars and workshops



 Grant writing workshop -- Oct. 24, 9:30 a.m.-3 p.m., Pleasant Hill Community
Center, 320 Civic Drive, Pleasant Hill. Hosted by Representative Ellen O.
Tauscher. The workshop will feature panels and presentations with experts to
discuss the federal grant process, grant writing advice and privately funded
grant opportunities for the area. Call 925-757-7187 to register.



 Free Workshops -- Oct. 26, 6-8 p.m.. Contra Costa County offers workshops for
businesses: vendors, service providers and contractors. City of Pittsburg, city
council chambers, 65 Civic Ave., third floor, Pittsburg. For information
925-335-1045.

Miscellaneous



 Become a Mentor -- FamiliesFirst, Inc. shared family care program seeking
mentors. Become a mentor and help a family unite. $1200 a month stipend. For
information on monthly orientation meetings call Yolanda, 925-602-1750 or
925-603-6069.



 Antioch Library -- 501 W. 18th St., Antioch. Mondays-Wednesdays, 10 a.m.-8
p.m., Thursday, noon-8 p.m., Fridays, noon-6 p.m., Saturdays, 10 a.m.-6 p.m.
925-757-9224.

Teen Read 2005 - Through Nov. 5, for teens in grades 6-12. Will earn prizes,
including a $100 shopping spree, just for reading a book. Comedy, adventure and
drama. 925-927-3235 or www.ccclib.org

Puppy Tales Storytime, Nov. 10, 1 p.m., "Kindness to all Living Creatures."

Monday Movie Madness, Oct. 24, 31, 3:30 p.m. Each movie based on a book of the
teen reading program.

Marketing Your Small Business, Nov. 9, 10 a.m.-noon. Randy Shores, Senior
Consultant, Small Business Development Center. Learn practical ways you can
attract new customers, increase sales, and get customers to return .

Family Law, Oct. 19, 6-8 p.m.

Rhythm Zest, Oct. 29, 11 a.m.. Come and bang drums. For ages 8 and up.

Lower Your Risk for Diabetes -- Nov. 2, 6:15, Joan Vattuone, registered
dietitian and diabetes educator will discuss how to lower your risks of getting
diabetes. Information for all.

Fun with Physics, Nov. 9, 4 p.m. Professor IM Smart's fun with physics. K-6.

Where the Wild Things Are Party, Nov. 19, 11 a.m. Meet Man and the Wild Things.
Watch animated classics and make your own wild thing mask.



 Bay Point Library -- 205 Pacifica Ave., Mondays and Tuesdays 2:30 p.m.-8 p.m.;
Fridays; 2:30 p.m.-6 p.m. Saturdays noon-5 p.m. 925-458-9597.

Teed Read 2005 - Through Nov. 5, for teens in grades 6-12. Will earn prizes,
including a $100 shopping spree, just for reading a book. Comedy, adventure and
drama. 925-927-3235 or www.ccclib.org

Friends of the Bay Point Library

Meets first Thursday of each month, 7 p.m.-8 p.m. in the library inside
Riverview Middle School. This newly-formed group is working to raise funds for
library programs for both adults and children. 925-753-0681.



 Brentwood Library -- Mondays through Thursdays, 10 a.m.-8 p.m. and Fridays and
Saturdays, 10 a.m.-6 p.m., 751 Third St. 925-634-4101.

Teen Read 2005 - Through Nov. 5, for teens in grades 6-12. Will earn prizes,
including a $100 shopping spree, just for reading a book. Comedy, adventure and
drama. 925-927-3235 or www.ccclib.org

Lapsit Baby Storytime, Thursdays, 10:30 a.m., birth -2 year and their
caregivers. Registration required.

Toddler Time, Tuesday and Thursdays, 11:30 a.m., 2 1/2-3 1/2 year old children
and their caregivers. Registration required

Picturebook Time, Tuesdays, 1:30 p.m., 3 1/2 to 5 year-olds can attend alone.
Registration required.



 Bridge & Pinochle Club -- Fridays, 12:15 p.m.-3:30 p.m., Arts & Crafts room,
Pittsburg Senior Center, 300 Presidia Lane. 925-439-4001.



 Free Legal Assistance -- Second and fourth Thursdays by the Contra Costa County
Bar Association, county bar group to East County residents. Free. 925-825-5700.



 Contra Costa Library and netLibrary -- eBooks, electronic versions of published
books that library patrons can search, borrow, read and return over the
Internet, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Featured subject areas include
general reference, careers, business, investing, computers, health and travel.
Also, netLibrary eBooks in the public domain features classics in literature and
history. 925-646-6423 or www.contra-costa.lib.ca.us



 Farmers Market -- Saturdays, 9 a.m.-1 p.m., through Nov. 19, hosted by city of
Pittsburg. at the corner of Railroad Ave. and Sixth St. Choose from a wide
selection of California fruits, vegetables, flowers and more. Free family
entertainment and kid's activities. 800-949-3276.



 Food Bank of Contra Costa and Solano -- Distributes food in Antioch first
Wednesdays 10 a.m.-noon monthly at the Veterans Memorial Hall, West Sixth
Street. Recipients bring own bag. 925-676-7543.



 Pittsburg Food Bank -- Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, 1-3 p.m., PICES, at 585
W. 10th St., Pittsburg, gives a five-day food supply to people in need. Referral
from a local church needed prior to visit. Send monetary or food donations to
Pittsburg's Community Emergency Service, 195 Alvarado Ave., Pittsburg, CA 94565.
925-439-5857.



 Foster and Adoptive Families needed -- Help a child in need with the help of
Aspira Foster & Family Services. Shelly Carter, 925-753-2156.



 Free smoke alarms available -- East County homeowners ages 60 and older or
those who are physically challenged, do not have a working smoke detector or own
an existing detector more than 10 years old, may be eligible for a free smoke
detector plus installation. Public Education Unit, Contra Costa County Fire
Protection District, 925-941-3327.



 HALO Homeless Animal Adoptions -- Adoptions, Saturdays, Noon-3 p.m., Pet Food
Express, Saltine Ranch shopping plaza Lone Tree Way and Highway 4 Bypass. Dog
and cat adoptions, Sundays, noon-3 p.m., PETsMART, 4683 Century Blvd.,
Pittsburg. 925-473-4642 or HALO, P.O. Box 2011, Antioch, CA, 94531-2011.
Proceeds for spaying, neutering and other veterinary medical care costs.

Tiny Tickets Program. Send BART tickets with any remaining balance to P.O. Box
2011, Antioch, 94531.

Foster Homes needed for dogs, puppies, cats and kittens. 925-473-4642.



 Hazardous Waste Collection -- Fridays and Saturdays, 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Delta Diablo
Sanitation District has opened a free Household Hazardous Waste Facility program
at 2550 Pittsburg-Antioch Highway, Antioch. Materials must be dropped off in
sturdy, nonleaking containers no larger than five gallons. 925-756-1990 or
www.ddsd.org



 Health Care for the Homeless -- Contra Costa County Health Services Health Care
for the Homeless offers free medical clinics for those who qualify as homeless
and are without medical insurance. 925-313-6250.

Mondays: 10:30 a.m. John Muir/Mt. Diablo Van, Ambrose Community Center, 3105
Willow Pass Road, Bay Point. James, 925-313-6166.

Second Mondays, monthly: 4 p.m., Pittsburg Family Shelter, 84 W. Sixth St.
925-439-8559.

Fourth Mondays, monthly, 4 p.m., Antioch Family Shelter, 4543 Delta Fair Blvd.
James, 925-313-6166.

Wednesdays, 1:30 p.m. John Muir/Mt. Diablo Van, The Salvation Army, 20 W. 10th
St., Antioch, 925-754-2946.

Second and fourth Wednesdays: 5 p.m., Village Drive Resource Center, 633 Village
Drive, Brentwood. 925-513-3107.

Honor/Memorial Book Drive -- Remember a loved one by donating a memory book, or
make an occasion special by donating an honor book to the Brentwood and Oakley
libraries. Orders begin at $25 and can be made by visiting or calling either
library: Brentwood Library, 925-634-4101; Oakley Library, 925-625-2400.



 Loaves and Fishes Loaves and Fishes of Contra Costa serves free meals to anyone
who is hungry.

Antioch dining room, Monday -Friday 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m., United Pentecostal of
Antioch, 101 West Ninth St. 925-519-0394.

Bay Point dining room, Monday -Friday, 11 a.m.-12:45 p.m., Church of Christ, 99
Mountain View Ave. 925-642-8726.

Oakley dining room, Monday-Friday 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m., St. Anthony Church, 971
O'Hara Ave. 925-354

Pittsburg dining room, Monday-Friday, a.m.-12:45 p.m., Seventh Day Adventist,
900 Los Medanos St. 925-432-7355.



 Neighborhood Watch -- The Antioch Police Department and the Police Commission
present this crime prevention program. 925-779-6980.



 Oakley Library -- Open Tuesdays and Wednesdays, 10 a.m.-9 p.m.; Thursdays 2-9
p.m. Fridays; 2-6 p.m., Saturdays, 10 a.m.-6 p.m., 1050 Neroly Road on the
Freedom High School campus. 925-625-2400.

Book Buddy Program, Tuesdays, 3-4 p.m. Open to all ages. Free.

Teed Read 2005 - Through Nov. 5, for teens in grades 6-12. Will earn prizes,
including a $100 shopping spree, just for reading a book. Comedy, adventure and
drama. 925-927-3235 or www.ccclib.org



 Pinochle -- Thursdays, 1-4 p.m. Brentwood Community Center, 730 Third St.
925-634-8275.



 Pittsburg Library -- Mondays, Noon-8 p.m., Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays,
10 a.m.-8 p.m., Fridays, Noon-6 p.m., Saturdays 10 a.m.-6 p.m. 80 Power Ave.
across from the parking lot of the Pittsburg Civic Center 925-427-8390.

Family law, Nov. 3, 4:30-6:30 p.m., elder law. No registration.

Dancing Skeletons, Nov. 2, 4 p.m. Create a dancing skeleton in celebration of
the Day of the Dead. School age only.

Children' Book Week,

Nov. 12, 2 p.m. Fratello Marionettes presents a sneak preview of "Vaudeville
Follies," a variety show with music and dancing. For all ages.

Nov. 19, 2 p.m. sneak preview of upcoming Pittsburg Community Theatre production
"Snow White Goes West." Drawing for free tickets of opening in Dec. All ages.



 Pittsburg Youth Academy Camps -- Accepting applications for youth weekend
discipline camp for boys and girls ages 10-18. 925-864-9114.



 Pool Tournament and Card Games -- Pool tournaments Tuesdays, 7 p.m. Pinochle on
Wednesday nights, Veterans of Foreign Wars, 815 Fulton Shipyard Road, Antioch.
925-757-2010.



 Tri Delta Transit bus passes -- Bus passes, including Dial-a-ride, Brentwood
Dime-a-ride and Fixed Route coupon books, are on sale weekdays, 8:30 a.m.-5
p.m., Brentwood Community Center, 730 Third St. Benefiting special needs
children in Contra Costa County. 925-516-5444.



 Youth Activity Scholarship Fund -- For families in financial need. As much as
$125 per family per year is available from the Youth Activity Scholarship Fund
for Antioch Leisure Services programs. Scholarships are on a first-come,
first-served basis. 925-779-7070, ext. 0.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, CA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

Roundup: GNC won't comment on report of buyout interest; Ellison gives up Oracle
CEO role, becomes chairman; more

BYLINE: STAFF AND WIRES

LENGTH: 807 words


GNC: No comment on buyout report

Vitamin retailer GNC Holdings Inc. is receiving buyout interest from private
equity firms and has talked with banks about its options, including a sale,
according to a report in the Financial Times.

GNC spokesman Greg Miller declined to comment on the report from the London
newspaper, which cited unnamed sources.

The Downtown-based vitamin and supplement retailer is struggling to improve
slumping sales. It abruptly replaced longtime CEO Joe Fortunato last month.
Fortunato had blamed the sales slump on confusing promotions and too many
discounts. In addition to Fortunato, three other top executives have left the
company in recent months.

Separately, GNC said it hired Jeffrey Hennion as chief marketing and e-commerce
officer and Daisy Vanderlinde as chief human resource officer. Carl Seletz,
GNC's senior vice president of international business development, will assume
responsibility for domestic and international franchises.

Ellison sheds Oracle CEO role

Oracle co-founder Larry Ellison is ending his 37-year reign as CEO of the
business software maker that he co-founded and is handing over the job to his
two top lieutenants, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd.

As part of the changing-of-the-guard announced on Thursday, Ellison will become
Oracle Corp.'s chairman and chief technology officer. Jeff Henley, the company's
chairman for the past decade, becomes vice chairman.

Ellison, 70, is likely to continue to play an influential role at Oracle, given
his leadership position on the board and his stature as the company's largest
individual shareholder.

Airlines continue to add jobs

The number of jobs at the nation's airlines keeps growing "" although slowly ""
as some of them post record profits.

The U.S. Department of Transportation on Thursday said passenger airlines
employed the equivalent of 386,243 full-time workers in July, up 1.3 percent
from the same month last year. It was the eighth consecutive monthly gain over
year-earlier numbers.

The largest employer, United Airlines, cut its workforce 3.3 percent, while
Delta, American, Southwest and US Airways added jobs. Two small, low-cost
carriers, Spirit and Allegiant, had double-digit gains.

JetBlue's CEO to step down

JetBlue Airways Corp. CEO Dave Barger will step down in February and be replaced
by the company's president after months of speculation about leadership at the
airline, which is profitable but has lagged its rivals.

The new CEO, just the third in JetBlue's 14-year history, will be Robin Hayes, a
48-year-old former British Airways executive who joined JetBlue in 2008. The
change was announced after a meeting of the New York-based airline's board.
Hayes will take over on Feb. 16, after Barger's contract expires.

Ohio well to resume injections

State regulators say operations can resume at a deep injection well for fracking
wastewater, while another well remains closed during an investigation in
northeast Ohio.

The Ohio Department of Natural Resources had suspended activity at the two wells
after discovering possible evidence that the operations caused a 2.1-magnitude
earthquake on Aug. 31.

Earlier this month, the state issued a chief's order suspending operations at
American Water Management Services' Weathersfield site, near Warren. A
department spokeswoman said after analyzing data during the investigation, the
agency found that the shallower of the two wells was not related to the seismic
event.

ODNR spokeswoman Bethany McCorkle said the company is allowed to immediately
resume injection operations at the shallow well, while the investigation
continues on the deeper well.

District drops Highmark

North Allegheny School District is leaving Highmark Inc. for United Healthcare
as its health insurer to prevent its workers from losing in-network access to
UPMC hospitals and doctors in Allegheny County next year.

The move by North Allegheny reverses a trend among school districts in Western
Pennsylvania, which have been choosing to stick with Highmark, the state's
largest health insurer.

North Allegheny officials said that 60 percent of staff would have experienced
disruption in care had they stayed with Highmark.

A consent decree negotiated by state leaders and signed by UPMC and Highmark
gives the insurer's members in-network access to the region's largest hospital
network outside of the Pittsburgh metropolitan area. In Pittsburgh, less-costly
in-network access to UPMC is limited to emergencies and some other specific
situations.

Other business news

Allegheny Health Network will use a $1 million grant to upgrade the emergency
department at Allegheny General Hospital, North Side, according to Gov. Tom
Corbett's office.

The hospital was one of nine recipients of health care grants through the
state's Economic Growth Initiative.

"" Staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          Brentwood News (California)

                     November 17, 2000 Friday FINAL EDITION

KRATINA WINS TOP OAKLEY HONOR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1495 words


The "Last Week" column compiles news affecting far East County from stories in
last week's Contra Costa Newspapers' publications.

Ledger Dispatch, Nov. 13

OAKLEY Patti Kratina has spent much of the past two decades thinking of others.
On Oct. 11, the community that has benefited from her efforts thought of her,
awarding Kratina with Oakley's 2000 Citizen of the Year honor.

It was the third time Kratina, a 20-year resident, had been nominated for the
annual citizen award presented by the Oakley Chamber of Commerce. She was
selected from a field of four finalists during the awards banquet at Flor Do
Oakley Hall.

Kratina said she was honored to receive the award, but made it clear to the
audience of nearly 200 well-wishers that her volunteer work for the elderly and
the disabled is not done. "I am already working on an assisted-living project,"
Kratina said during her acceptance speech.

She spoke of legislation that will allow grants for assisted-living facilities
for the elderly. Working hard for Oakley's seniors was one of the main reasons
that Kratina won the award.

During her time in Oakley, Kratina has been a major force behind two Oakley
housing projects. When she heard that low-income seniors in search of affordable
homes faced a two-year wait, Kratina formed a nonprofit organization called
Citizens for Affordable Senior Housing (CASH). By 1997 succeeded in bringing to
town Oakley's first senior apartment complex, Golden Oak Manor.

"Extensive research on Patti's part, gathering statistics and making orderly
presentations to OMAC, lobbying by her and her committee, even finding an
organization to build and manage the complex, resulted in building Golden Oak
Manor," said Bev Novarina, who nominated Kratina for the award.

After accomplishing her goal, Kratina went to work to build a second complex,
this time for the physically disabled. Silver Oak Apartments on Main Street was
completed in 1999.

Kratina is a teacher at College Park High School in Pleasant Hill. She lives in
Oakley with her daughter and husband, Bob, who is president of the Oakley Union
Elementary School District Board of Trustees.

Also receiving awards at Saturday night's event were Carole Edwards, who was
named volunteer of the year; Carol Ondek, Oakley business person of the year;
and Vincent Quezada, Oakley youth volunteer of the year.

Ledger Dispatch, Nov. 10

Stockton fishing guide Jay Sorensen calls the Delta his Sistine Chapel for its
natural beauty. For decades, Sorensen has boated, fished and caught many Delta
fish and eaten them with pride and gusto.

Sorensen eats the Delta fish even though he realizes they are most likely
contaminated with mercury and other pollutants.

"These (contaminants) have been evident in the Delta for a long, long time. I
think scientists are learning more about the problems," said Sorensen, who
belongs to the California Striped Bass Association.

A new study adds to the scientific research on fish contamination in Delta and
makes a strong argument that eating fish caught in the region's 1,000 miles of
rivers and sloughs may not be good for one's health.

The report by the San Francisco Estuary Institute and DeltaKeeper concludes that
some white catfish and some large-mouth bass two fish that are part of the
Delta's popular sports fishing industry have high levels of mercury, DDT and
PCBs in their tissue.

Bill Jennings of DeltaKeeper said the report is alarming. DeltaKeeper is a
pollution watchdog that contributed $75,000 to the study from money collected
from a lawsuit settlement with the Port of Stockton.

Jennings said that government agencies should do a better job warning people of
the potential risks associated with eating fish from Delta waters.

An OEHHA staff member did not return phone calls.

"You could almost say that consuming fish out of the Delta is playing Russian
roulette with your health," Jennings said.

Mercury affects the nervous system and can be particularly harmful to fetuses
and young children, leading to mental and physical development problems. In
adults, mercury exposure can also cause coordination problems, the report notes.
DDT and PCBs cause cancer and were banned decades ago, though they still linger
in the environment.

Ledger Dispatch, Nov. 15

BYRON A good-sized crowd came to the Byron Airport on Monday night to learn more
about a land-use plan designed to minimize the kinds of conflicts that can arise
when airports expand near farms and houses.

About 40 people packed into a small meeting room at the airport for a public
hearing on the Contra Costa County Airport Land Use Compatibility Plan. However,
only a few people offered comments for the county Airport Land Use Commission to
consider before adopting the plan.

With numerous nearby residents, representatives from nearby wind mill farms and
developers in the audience, interest in the small airport in tiny Byron is
clearly strong. Even a member of the Contra Costa County Grand Jury attended.
This year's grand jury charged that the county was neglecting the facility and
failing to help it realize its economic potential.

The land-use report, when adopted, will impose growth restrictions in varying
degrees around the airport. The plan considers airport noise and safety risks to
neighborhoods and farms, and calls for restrictions in land use and heights of
surrounding buildings.

Some adjacent landowners told commissioners that they are concerned these
restrictions on the land surrounding the airport will hinder their ability to
build on their property at some point. The airport's "area of influence" extends
about 5.4 by 6.3 miles with an extension of 5.1 miles to the southeast along the
flight path of the runway.

Contra Costa Times, Nov. 14

PITTSBURG A trial is scheduled to begin Monday in what could be the last in a
series of legal battles, dating back to 1986, over faulty plastic pipe installed
in thousands of California homes during the mid- to late 1980s.

Set to begin Monday is a trial in a class action lawsuit between defendant Seeno
Construction Co. and owners of some houses the company built from 1985 through
1987.

The suit, in which about 1,500 homeowners concentrated in Contra Costa County
are eligible to participate, is one of a series of class action cases filed
against manufacturers of the pipe and against developers and contractors who
built houses using it.

Attorneys for homeowners said the case against Seeno is designed to ensure that
homeowners have every possible guarantee that faulty plumbing will be repaired.

Lawyers Robert Nelson and David Birka-White said Seeno Construction is the only
one of about 25 defendants involved in the pipe litigation yet to settle claims
against them, and seems hesitant to do so because narrow crawl spaces in homes
built using the pipe could make repairs very expensive.

"Seeno is the only outstanding defendant with whom we have yet to settle,"
Nelson said.

Seeno Construction officials said, however, they already have helped many of
their customers make repairs and that subcontractors and manufacturers have
already been found largely responsible for the problems.

Homeowners say the pipe, made of a plastic material known as ABS, disintegrates
after only a short period of use.

Birka-White said most of the homes covered in the suit are in Contra Costa
County, with many in Antioch, Pittsburg, Concord and Martinez. A few are in the
Fairfield area, he said.

For inclusion in any future settlement, no action is required of owners
involved. To opt out of the suit, owners must do so in writing by Dec. 1.

Contra Costa Times, Nov. 19

BYRON An Antioch man died on Vasco Road south of Camino Diablo in a three-car
crash that also left two other drivers suffering major injuries, the California
Highway Patrol reported Saturday.

The accident happened at 5:42 p.m. Friday and shut down Vasco Road in both
directions for three hours during the busy evening commute.

The wreck occurred when Eduardo Perez Alanis, 23, of Antioch, driving north on
Vasco Road, passed a car on the two-lane road, swerved back into his lane, and
then lost control. Witnesses said he was driving about 90 mph, said CHP Sgt.
Keith Marsden.

Alanis reportedly hit a pickup truck driven by 52-year-old Brentwood man in the
southbound lane. A third car, behind the pick-up truck, driven by 36-year-old
Fremont man, then plowed into the front of Alanis' car. This second crash
ejected Alanis from his car. He was pronounced dead at the scene, Marsden said.

Marsden said the crash is a perfect example of drivers taking too many chances
passing on two-lane roads. "People go too fast on that road and people need to
slow down," he said.

The Brentwood driver and his 51-year-old passenger, a woman who suffered minor
injuries, were taken to Sutter Delta Medical Center in Antioch. The Fremont
driver was taken to Valley Care Medical Center in Pleasanton.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mugshot of Patti Kratina

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              June 18, 2012 Monday

Families, lawmakers to meet over El Paso State Center deaths

BYLINE: By Diana Washington Valdez \ El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1144 words


State elected officials and representatives of the Mexican government are now
inquiring about recent problems reported at the El Paso State Supported Living
Center.

Over the past few days, the state center asked families of deceased residents to
meet with administrators to discuss and answer questions about the deaths.

Other families and legal guar-dians of state center residents received a letter
inviting them to meet with state Sen. Josc Rodrcguez, D-El Paso, and state Rep.
Naomi Gonzalez, D-El Paso, on June 29 to discuss any concerns they might have
about the state center.

Terri Grant, the aunt of 46-year-old Tracy Frazier, who died July 21, 2010, said
someone from the state center called the family on Friday to notify them about
Frazier's death for the first time.

"I'm still in disbelief," Grant said. "The state center called my sister
(Friday) to let her know that Tracy had died. Our immediate shock was 'what
death, when, why, what happened?'

"The director (Jaime Monardes) said he did not have the details but will go over
them at the meeting next week."

Grant learned from a recent El Paso Times story that her nephew had been in a
vehicle wreck in 2005 while in a state center van that left him in a wheelchair.
He died five years later, was cremated and his remains deposited in Sunland
Park, N.M.

"If they had told us about his death," Grant said, "we would have buried him
with his grandmother, my mother, who took care of him before she died. I'm still
taking all this in."

Grant said the state center had contact information for the family on file, and
that her sister would get calls on occasion requesting permission for medical
procedures for their nephew.

Frazier's grandmother was his legal guardian after his mother died. His death
certificate said his mother and father are unknown, and that the state center
was his new legal guardian. Grant said this is all news to the family.

Other relatives of deceased state center residents said they, too, were
contacted about meeting with state center officials.

Cecilia Cavuto, a spokeswoman for the state centers in Texas, confirmed that the
state center was contacting the families.

"We have invited several family members to meet with the facility medical
director and the state medical coordinator to ask any questions they have about
their loved ones' medical care and related issues," Cavuto said.

Since 1998, 35 state center residents have died, 11 of them since 2010.

According to state and federal documents, the El Paso state center has had
numerous errors related to medications. Some residents were given the wrong
medications or did not get their medications at all.

Records show that two months before his death, Frazier was administered an extra
dose of his prescribed medication, and a week later the staff failed to give him
his medication. There was no report to indicate that the medication errors
contributed to his death.

Another medication-related error was reported about a month before Scott
Lemaster's death on July 26, 2010. The state center reported that Lemaster, who
had problems breathing, was sedated at the center before his scheduled dental
exam.

He was sedated again when he arrived at the dentist's office, outside the
center, but the dental staff was not informed about the earlier sedation.

While at the dentist's office, Lemaster developed problems and was taken to a
hospital emergency room. He died about a month later at a rehabilitation center
in West El Paso. His death certificate says he died of coronary artery disease.

The state defines a medication error or incident as any preventable event that
may cause or lead to inappropriate medication use or harm to an individual while
the medication is in the control of the health-care professional or the
individual.

According to state documents, the biggest number of medication errors (12 of
them) during fiscal year 2010 occurred in dorm "C," one of the living areas with
highly disabled residents. The second most errors (9) occurred in cottage 513
followed by (8) errors in cottage 510.

Most of the medication errors took place during the night shift, and involved
residents not getting their medications. During one month in 2010, a total of
127 dose errors occurred at the state center.

Some of the medicines administered at the state center are for residents who are
diagnosed with schizophrenia and other psychiatric disorders.

State documents indicate that a medication error committee was created to come
up with a plan to reduce the errors.

Other kinds of anomalies have appeared in the state center's records.

An example involves Claudia Aguilera, another state center resident who died.

Although her death occurred on May 20, 2011, the state center's meal monitoring
reports by nurses for September 2011 and October 2011 still showed Aguilera as
eating without any problems.

Last month, state Rep. Gonzalez asked the Texas Department of Aging and
Disability Services (DADS) to look into complaints about the El Paso state
center. DADS oversees the state centers.

Adrian Sosa, spokesman for the Mexican consulate in El Paso, said consular
officials are trying to find out if the center houses anyone who was born in
Mexico and who may need assistance from his office.

About 40 people with ties to the center contacted the El Paso Times about
alleged abuse and neglect of residents at the center, and reprisals against
those who try to report such incidents. These people are using the No Voice/No
Justice coalition to communicate their concerns, and selected fired center
employee Sylvia Burgos to act as the group's spokesperson.

The coalition members recently said that they have received reports that staff
at the state center allegedly are altering records to meet statutory compliance
standards before federal monitors arrive next month to inspect the facility. The
El Paso Times received similar complaints, and some of the alleged documents are
linked to recent dual dental and gynecological exams of female residents.

"We are not aware of violations of required consent or recordkeeping procedures
at the El Paso SSLC (state center)," Cavuto said. "In response to concerns
regarding the dental and gynecological procedures, Regulatory Services conducted
an investigation in early May of the facility's practices and reviewed
documentation for these procedures.

"That investigation did not result in a violation of the facility's procedures,
nor the federal requirements, for consent," Cavuto said.

The 145-bed facility in El Paso provides 24-hour residential services, including
comprehensive behavior-treatment services and physician, nursing and dental
services.

The El Paso state center on Delta Drive houses 126 special-needs residents, and
the state is the guardian for about a third of them.

The youngest resident is 14 years old.

Diana Washington Valdez may be reached at dvaldez@elpasotimes.com; 546-6140.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           January 11, 2007 Thursday

Devil's in details of governor's budget

BYLINE: By Steve Geissinger, MEDIANEWS SACRAMENTO BUREAU

SECTION: TIMES-STAR; Tribune; Local

LENGTH: 951 words


SACRAMENTO -- After touting popular aspects of his budget, Gov. Arnold
Schwarzenegger proposed a spending plan Wednesday that Bay Area Democrats and
advocacy groups said revealed the "devil in the details" for everyone from
college students to the poor.

The Republican governor defended his $143.4 billion, 2007-08 spending plan for
the fiscal year beginning July 1 as "providing crucial services" while reducing
"our net operating deficit to zero."

Fiscally conservative GOP lawmakers disputed the deficit assertion as
inaccurate.

One of the most controversial fiscal impacts in Schwarzenegger's budget was
tuition feehikes for college students -- 7 percent at the University of
California and 10 percent in the California State University system. Community
college fees would remain the same.

Shattering the standout bipartisanship Schwarzenegger forecast this year, Senate
leader Don Perata, D-Oakland, and Assembly Speaker Fabian Nunez, D-Los Angeles,
vowed to battle -- among other things -- tuition fee hikes and social service
program cuts.

"It makes no sense to build more prisons while taking away breakfast for poor
kids and support for the mentally ill," Perata said.

Activists in the Democratic party's Bay Area stronghold also promised to fight
the tuition fee hikes, along with a $324 million cut and suspending a $140
million inflation adjustment for CalWorks, the state's welfare-to-work program,
which pays for child care and other services.

Other controversial moves include:

- deferring $1.1 billion in gas tax monies from transportation for other uses

- repealing the $165 million teacher tax credit

- shifting at least $33 million in juvenile offender costs to cash-strapped
counties

- ending state funding of $55 million for the program for homeless adults with
serious mental illnesses

- deferring $80 million in work on the state's deteriorating and, in places,
ramshackle parks

- slashing $25 million on a one-time basis from funds for the drug-offender
diversion program, voter-approved Proposition 36.

Schwarzenegger, in the wake of previous announcements, had won bipartisan praise
for his plans to reform California's health care system, reduce greenhouse gas
emissions from motor vehicle fuels and borrow to build new classrooms, prisons
and two dams.

The governor also plans to overhaul the San Francisco Bay Delta to make it into
a better water supply and safer from flooding, while providing more than $100
million to finish expansion and refurbishing of death row at San Quentin prison.

But the controversial aspects of the governor's budget, scattered with little
details through the massive spending plan, altered the mood in Sacramento on
Wednesday.

Sen. Ellen Corbett, D-San Leandro, was among lawmakers who said she would battle
one of the high-profile issues -- the university tuition hikes.

"Times are tough for students, especially in the Bay Area where living costs are
high," said the former assemblywoman. "I don't want to balance the budget on the
backs of our students. I am opposed to that and will fight the increases."

"Indeed, the devil was in the details" following Schwarzenegger's glowing budget
previews and Tuesday's state of the state address, Corbett and others said.

Outside the Capitol auditorium where the governor unveiled his budget, a small
group of Bay Area protesters held signs and chanted: "Don't target our
children," referring to the CalWorks cuts.

Melissa Johnson of the Berkeley-based LIFETIME (Low-Income Families' Empowerment
Through Education), said that "taking away cash aid from California's poor
children is cruel and unnecessary.

"Struggling families need help with education and training, child care, and
supportive services -- not punishment," Johnson said.

Sen. Elaine Alquist, D-San Jose, said she will work to reverse the cuts in
CalWorks, which administration officials said are tied to changes in federal
rules.

"Poor families spend this money immediately on basic needs such as rent and
their food," Alquist said. "I fear the governor's proposals to cut grants would
result in more children sent to foster care, just when we're making progress
with that overburdened system."

Melissa Michelson, a political science professor at California State University,
East Bay, said the "governor's proposed changes to the CalWorks budget are in
stark contrast to his rhetoric about centrism at the inauguration.

"These are right-of-center proposals that are already proving divisive --
particularly the plan to eliminate the July COLA (cost of living adjustment),"
she said.

The cut of $25 million to the state's $145 million voter-approved Proposition 36
program, aimed at providing treatment instead of jail time for drug offenders,
won't be cost effective, advocates said.

"By cutting funding," said Margaret Dooley of the Drug Policy Alliance, "the
governor is gutting one of the best (and most cost-saving) public health
programs ever to come out in California."

In an obscure twist in the budget, state departments are to make a combined $100
million reduction in expenses. There are no public guidelines as to where to
make the cuts.

"The (governor's) Department of Finance will work with agency secretaries and
other cabinet members to achieve additional general fund savings," according to
a summary of the budget.

There was still a glimmer of hope for bipartisan work.

"It's a classic mixed bag of good and bad. And that's a fine place to start,"
said Assemblywoman Patty Berg, a Eureka Democrat whose district stretches into
the northern Bay Area. "But bottom line, ... we will not balance this budget on
the backs of seniors or California's most vulnerable citizens."

MediaNews staff writers Mike Zapler and Steve Harmon contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GOV. ARNOLDSCHWARZENEGGERaddresses a newsconference inwhich he
releasedhis $143.4 billion,2007-08 statebudget WednesdayinSacramento.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                            April 21, 2011 Thursday

ANUNCIOS

SECTION: VECINOS/PEOPLE; Pg. C-6

LENGTH: 2422 words


Land association

and acequia anuncios

LA MERCED DE CRISTóBAL DE LA SERNA meets every Wednesday, 6:30 p.m. at the Llano
Quemado Community Center on Hot Springs Road. All heirs encouraged to attend.
Agenda posting is at the Ranchos de Taos Post Office. For more, call Elden
Torres, (575) 770-3615.

THE TAOS CANYON NEIGHBORHOOD ASSOCIATION spring cleaning of U.S. Highway 64 is
Saturday (April 30) from 8 a.m. to noon. Volunteers should meet at the upper
fire house to get trash bags and mile marker assignments. For more, call Dee
(575) 758-4104 .

School anuncios

ANTHROPOSOPHICAL STUDY GROUP, 10 a.m., meets every second Sunday, 10 a.m., third
grade classroom. New Sunday series: "Spiritual Hierarchy." For adults only. No
child care provided. Open to anyone interested in learning more about the
philosophy underlying Waldorf Education and the works of Rudolf Steiner, at Taos
Waldorf School, 9 Ben Romero Road. Call Silke (575) 751-0321.

NEW MEXICO CREDIT UNION SCHOLARSHIPS EDUCATION FOUNDATION: Must be New Mexico
residents, meet certain grade point averages and have full-time enrollment.
Legislation allows credit unions to use abandoned funds for
educational/charitable purposes. Visit local credit unions for criteria and
registration details. For more, contact: Mary Beth King, (575) 298-9899, ext.
2230 or marybeth@cuanm.org

LANL SCHOLARSHIPS: Los Alamos Employees Scholarship Fund is launching a
scholarship for students returning to formal education after taking a break.
Applicants must be residents of Northern New Mexico, hold a high school diploma
or GED and have been accepted or be currently pursuing a certificate or a
two-year degree. Scholarships will consist of one-year grants of $1,000.
Information on the application process, or to donate to the scholarship, at
www.lanlfoundation.org.

NEW MEXICO PRE-K LOTTERY, applications now available at UNM Taos Kids Campus and
UNM Taos Early Childhood Center. For details, call (575) 737-6295 or 737-6255.

TAOS ACADEMY'S GOVERNING COUNCIL will hold a Special Budget Meeting on Thursday
(April 21) at 5:30 p.m. at the campus, 125 La Posta Road. For an agenda or any
questions, call (575) 751-3109.

TAOS CATHOLIC EDUCATION ORGANIZATION (TCEO) accepting registrations for K to 8th
graders for the 2010-2011 academic year, dedicated to preserving Catholic
education in Taos County. TCEO welcomes all children. Call (575) 758-5490.

TAOS CHARTER SCHOOL'S EARTH DAY celebration is Thursday (April 21), planting
trees and shrubs to enhance landscaping at the school, thanks to a New Mexico
State Forestry RE-Leaf Grant to supply trees, shrubs, planting and irrigation
materials for the event. The Native Plant Society of Taos will also be
landscaping our bus circle. Wood mulch is needed for the event. To donate wood
mulch, contact Mary Emery at (575) 770-8382.

TAOS INTEGRATED SCHOOL OF THE ARTS, Taos' newest K-8 charter school, accepts
lottery applications for the 2011-2012 school year for grades K-6. Applications
and details at www.tisataos.com or the office, 123 Manzanares St. Call (575)
758-7755.

UNM TAOS BACHELOR AND GRADUATE PROGRAMS offers free information sessions! UNM
students can learn how to utilize the UNM website to its full potential. Search
for and register for classes, check your grades, and pay your tuition bills.
Free pizza and ice cream. Navigating LoboWeb, UNM Website, schedule view and
registration: Tuesday (Apr. 26) from 2 to 4 p.m., and Thursday (Apr. 28) from 10
a.m. to noon at 246-B Ledoux St. For more, call (575) 758-2828.

VISTA GRAND HIGH SCHOOL, a free, publicly funded Expeditionary Learning charter
high school 111 Paseo del Cañón West (behind southside Lota Burger). For more,
see www.vghs.org, or call Billy Archuleta (575) 758-5100, ext. 101.

n Open House All eighth-graders, families and all interested high school
students invited Tuesday, May 3, 4-6 p.m. VGHS is accepting applications for
ninth grade, 2011-2012.

Anuncios

ANGEL TREE PROJECT'S SPRING BINGO, May 22, 1-5 p.m. Ancianos Building, 601
Lovato Place (behind Super Save). Call (575) 613-2843.

ASI SWEAT LODGE, April 24, 10 a.m., 231 Morgan Road Prayer through Purification
Ceremony. An ancient practice used to connect with spirit on many levels. Bring
food to share. Donations appreciated. Rev. Rose Little Deer.

BAKE SALE FOR TAOS COUNTY SENIOR OLYMPICS, is Friday, April 29, 10 a.m. - 2 p.m.
at the main branch of Centinel Bank of Taos, 512 Paseo del Pueblo Sur. The
nonprofit is fundraising to send Taos County to the 2011 New Mexico State Senior
Olympics. Call (575) 737-9511.

BINGO FOR TAOS COUNTY SENIOR OLYMPICS, June 12, from 1-4 p.m. Chamisal Senior
Center, 272 State Road 75 in Chamisal. This nonprofit fundraiser is for Taos
senior citizens to go to Las Cruces for the 2011 New Mexico State Olympics. For
information contact Phyllis Nichols (575)737-9511 or Lorraine Pacheco
(575)587-2778)

BINGO FUNDRAISER, Sunday, May 1, 1 p.m. (center opens at noon). Limited space,
so get early tickets at Talpa center's office in the library. Food booth on
site. For details, call Effie, (575) 751-1014.

BIRDING AT BACA PARK, Saturday (April 23), 7:45 a.m. Join others interested in
birds for an hour-long walk through the wetlands. Bring binoculars. All levels
of birders welcome. For information, call Meg, (575) 758-4086.

BOOKMOBILE NORTHEAST: (April through June). Mondays (May 2, June 6): Questa,
9-10:30 a.m.; Post Office San Cristóbal, 11 a.m.- noon; Community Center Tres
Piedras, 1-2 p.m.; Post Office Ojo Caliente, 2:45-3:45 p.m.; Thursdays (May 5,
June 9): Oñate Center Rinconada 9-10:30 a.m., and El Centro Clinic, 12:30-1
p.m.; Peñasco Community Center, 1:30-4:30 p.m.

CAMP ENCHANTMENT AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY, is Sunday, May 29-Saturday, June 4, at
Manzano Mountain Retreat. Camp offers swimming, hiking, a ropes course, climbing
wall, arts and crafts, games, and an annual dance. For the safety of the
campers, medical personnel are on-site 24 hours-a-day. First-time campers aged
7-10, may qualify for a sibling to attend. Free, thanks to generous donors. The
deadline for completed applications is April 15. Call for packet, call (505)
262-6010. For more or to get help, call anytime, day or night, at 1-800-227-2345
or visit cancer.org.

CANCER SERVICES FREE FAMILY RETREAT, May 20-22 in Glorieta, provides the state's
adult cancer patients/survivors and their loved ones with tools and information
they to manage the treatment and survival process. Sessions on treatment
options, navigating the health care system, palliative care, meditation, family
communications, nutrition, using the Internet effectively and a variety of other
topics will be offered. Download an application packet at
www.cancerservicesnm.org or call Mike, (505) 239-4239.

'COPING STRATEGIES, BEHAVIOR MANAGEMENT,' Tuesday (April 26) 2-4 p.m., at the
Taos Jewish Center, 1335-R Gusdorf Road. Mark Narvaez, of New Mexico Alzheimer's
Association, in collaboration with the Chesed Project, presents the last free
monthly caregiver session for family members and the general public. For more,
call Kathleen (575) 758-8615.

EIGHT NORTHERN FOOD DISTRIBUTION PROGRAM, an alternative program to the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), serves low-income Indian
households including non-Indians living in any of the Eight Northern Indian
Pueblos, Taos County and Peñasco. All eligible households are encouraged to
apply. Dual participation in SNAP and FDPIR simultaneously is not allowed. FDPIR
is located in Nambe Pueblo at 362 State Road 503. For more, call toll free,
1-800-734-2488 or locally, (505) 455-2288.

HANDLER/PET PRACTICE FOR MAY DELTA TEST, Saturday, April 30, noon, at Kit Carson
Park, by baseball field/shelter. Bring your clean dog (cat, lama), collar, leash
(no prongs), treat, water, toy, bowl, grooming brush, and your manual to go over
the forms. Cones, long line, neutral dog and some Delta forms provided. RSVP -
please pass the word - we need more teams. Donations welcome- 501(c)3. For more
see www.goldstaranimalshelpingpeople.com or Sandy Miller (575) 758-0123.

HELP-NEW MEXICO CACFP (Child & Adult Care Food Program): Provides $100-$800 per
month in food reimbursement for nutritious meals you prepare for at least one
child who lives outside your home. If you qualify, you can receive reimbursement
for your own children's meals. Call (575) 758-3988.

HOLY CROSS HOSPITAL 75TH ANNIVERSARY. Everyone born in 1936, either in Taos or
elsewhere, and their family is invited to a 75th birthday party Wednesday (May
11), 2 -4 p.m. in the hospital café. For details or to RSVP email
info@taoshealth.com or call (575) 751-5711.

MICRO GRANTS TO N.M. WOMEN, deadline April 29. Available for any three-woman or
more cottage industry, with a governing body. Any product or service applicable,
except campaigns to elect public officials, religious organizations for
religious purposes, programs inconsistent with discrimination or equal
opportunity laws. For application/details, call Frieda Arth, president, at (505)
983-6155 or Frieda@nmwf.org

N.M. "SUNSHINE" WEBSITE (Transparency for New Mexico) is
www.sunshineportalnm.com: The State's Office of Information Technology's new web
portal shares current information on cash status, investment account balances,
budgets/expenditures, purchases (vendors), revenue generation, capital projects
(including broadband's status statewide), state employee salaries, and fiscal
health.

OVEREATERS ANONYMOUS is featured during April in the lobby display case at the
Taos Public Library. There is a mounted display of a graphic novel by Katherine
Forrest, "Eating Disorders Come In All Sizes." Overeaters Anonymous has regular
meetings in Taos: for times and places, please telephone (575) 737-9694. The
Taos public Library is open Monday-Friday 10 a.m.-6 p.m., and Saturday 10 a.m.-5
p.m. For more, call (575) 758-3063.

SATURDAY ADOPT-A-THONS, from 1-3 p.m. Stray Hearts Animal Shelter volunteers
bring pups and kittens weekly to Puss 'n Pooch patio, 120-G Bent St. in John
Dunn Shops for fun interaction; 25 percent of all shop sales during the event
goes to the shelter. Details at (575) 751-1718.

'SPRING TIME IS MOUSE TIME!' Taos Feral Feline Friends has some 'mousers'
available for adoption - two cats for $15 includes spay/neuter and all
vaccination. Call (575) 737-9208.

TAOS COMMUNITY FOUNDATION funding activities; For more, see www.taoscf.org or
contact Lisa O'Brien at (575) 737-9300.

TAOS FIESTA ROYALTY 2011 COURT, to represent culture, family and friends, Taos
Fiesta Council, Inc., contestant applications deadline is April 30 for the 2011
Fiestas de Santiago Y Santana, to be held July 22-24. Young ladies must be
between the ages of 16-19, have a Spanish surname, either paternal or maternal,
and reside with in the Taos area. Applications at Treasurer Office, Taos County
courthouse. For more, contact Evangeline "Vangie" Romero at (575) 758-8111 or
737-6341.

TAOS HERB COMPANY ANUNCIOS, 710-J Paseo del Pueblo Sur, Albertson's Plaza. Visit
www.taosherb.com.

n Free consultations, for a personal tune-up for optimum health (physical and
inner well-being), hair and skin through April 30.

n Summer Herb Walks, in Taos' mountains June through September with herb guru
Rob Hawley. Learn and identify healing plants for wildcrafted products.

TAOS HOUSING SURVEY, to generate various types of affordable housing for area
residents. Print surveys are in the Town Hall lobby, Taos Public Library, and
Taos Youth and Family Center. Return completed surveys to any of those
locations. Online surveys are on the first page the website,
www.surveymonkey.com/s/taos_housing.

THERAPY PET/HANDLER TEAMS SPRING/SUMMER SCHEDULE. A Goldstar handler/pet team
practice is Saturday, April 30, at noon, Kit Carson Park, rear shelter. Open to
all to prepare for Goldstar's Delta Pet Partner Test, June 4, at Taos Public
Library from 10 a.m. to noon, by appointment. Goldstar is having a second Delta
test July 23, 10 a.m. to noon, at Taos Public Library. RSVPS helpful. Volunteers
wanted to help with testing for crowd and petting exercises. Handlers with pets
who have their obedience skills should email me at gsaph@taosnet.com for
details. Leave message (575) 9575) 758-0123 or mail P.O. Box 525, Arroyo Hondo.

TOWN OF TAOS HISTORIC PRESERVATION COMMISSION meets the third Wednesday every
month at 5:30 p.m., Town Council Chambers, 120 Civic Plaza Drive. For more, call
Melinda Vá squez, (575) 751-2016.

TOWN OF TAOS PUBLIC, ONLINE AUCTION WEBSITE to dispose of items no longer
needed, see this eBay type of site, www.publicsurplus.com, a perpetual auction
with items regularly added, so check back often for new listings. Contact Carol
A. Valade, town of Taos fixed assets clerk, cvalade@taosgov.com, (575) 737-2584.

YOUTH AND PUBLIC EDUCATION ADVISORS sought by Taos Community Foundation for
TCF's Youth Advisory Council (YAC) and the Taos Public Education Fund (TPEF).
Application/nomination materials are at www.taoscf.org.

Taos public transit schedules

THE TAOS EXPRESS: Nonstop weekend bus service between Taos Plaza and Santa Fe
Friday through Sunday. Stops in Santa Fe allow for connections with New Mexico
Rail Runner train service. Direct service also available to Santa Fe Airport by
reservation; $5 per adult one way ($10 round trip). Children 10 and under ride
free with accompanying adult. Reservations required. ADA compliant. Luggage
accommodated, seasonal bike and skis/snowboard racks. Details and reservations
at www.TaosExpress.com or call (575) 751-4459.

TOWN OF TAOS LOCAL CHILE LINE TRANSIT SERVICE: Runs Monday through Friday around
town (no Saturday service), 50 cents one way; $1 round trip. Seniors and
individuals with disabilities, 25 cents one way; 50 cents round trip. For
details go to www.TaosGov.com, click on "Transportation" at the top of the page,
or call (575) 751-4459.

TOWN OF TAOS TRANSIT 2011 HOLIDAY CLOSURES: Friday (April 22); May 30; July 4,
July 22.

Featured anuncio

rayLa parraz MeMoriaL schoLarship Fundraiser, an annual event to help Taos area
youth, will present a traditional Lenten meal Good Friday (April 22) 5:30 p.m.
at Fraternal Order of Eagles, 1016 Dea Lane. Tickets $8. For more, call (575)
770- 7143.

26th annuaL easter egg hunt, sponsored by the Hondo Seco Volunteer Fire
Department, is Sunday (April 24), 1-3 p.m., at O.G. Martínez field, Arroyo
Hondo, for everyone, young or old. Call Patrick Jaramillo, (575) 770-3350.

Listings about community events in Anuncios may be entered online at
taosnews.com/calendar, e-mailed to forum@taosnews.com; or dropped off at, 226
Albright St. Deadline is Monday at noon.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             May 27, 2010 Thursday

School headlines

SECTION: BEAVERCREEK, FAIRBORN AND XENIA; Pg. RF4

LENGTH: 2846 words


Student places in national Top 10

XENIA - Greene County Career Center student Stephanie Burden recently placed
among the Top 10 in the nation at the Business Professionals of America National
Leadership Conference in Anaheim, Calif.

The junior from Xenia competed in the Keyboarding event during the competition,
May 4-10. Burden earned her way to Anaheim by winning a gold medal at the BPA
State Competition in the same category.

She is enrolled in the Medical-Legal Technologies program. Her instructor is
Debbie Zaharieff.

Second-graders part of book club

XENIA - Second-grade students at Cox, McKinley, Shawnee, Simon Ken-ton and
Spring Hill schools in the Xenia Community Schools district recently received
their own book and participated in a school book club sponsored by Altrusa of
Xenia.

Arrowood students also participated with local funds from Altrusa. Students all
read the same book and completed activities based on the book during a 'book
club' meeting.

Books were selected by the teaching staff and several schools all read the same
book. Simon Ken-ton Elementary School students read "Midnight on the Moon," by
Mary Pope Osborne, and enjoyed word find puzzles, refreshments and other
activities.

Women's club donates books

XENIA - New books are now available to students at Simon Kenton Elementary
School after the annual donation by the Xenia Women's Republican Club.

The books included favorite selections of students shared by Simon Kenton
Elementary School Library Assistant Bambi Middlebrooks.

Davis graduates from Morehead St.

CEDARVILLE - Kyle Davis of Cedarville received a bachelor of science during
Morehead State University's winter commencement.

The university is in Morehead, Ky.

Fairborn student lands scholarship

FAIRBORN - Kathleen Ladd, daughter of Gary and Theresa Ladd of Fairborn, has
received a President's Award scholarship to attend the Columbus College of Art
and Design.

The merit scholarship was awarded as a result of an art portfolio competition
held at the college, which was judged by a team of faculty members.

The Fairborn High School senior will begin her studies in fall with a major in
advertising and graphic design.

Area residents awarded degrees

BEAVERCREEK - The following Beavercreek residents were recently award degrees by
Indiana Wesleyan University:

* Ryan Cox: master of business administration - health care management (online).

* Cheryl Knowles: bachelor of science - international relations.

School staff helps beautify Xenia

XENIA - Members of the Central Office staff for Xenia Community Schools put
their green thumbs and greenbacks to work as part of the Bloom in Xenia program
to beautify downtown Xenia.

School employees donated funds to purchase plants, which were then planted in
five large containers on Main and Detroit streets surrounding the Greene County
Court House.

The distric has been named a District of Excellence for the past two years as a
result of both community support and employee effort.

Bloom in Xenia is a collaborative effort between the city of Xenia, Xenia Area
Merchants Association, BRACA Committee and Greene County Master Gardeners.

Street-side island beds and containers were planted by local organizations and
businesses; all will be weeded, watered and maintained throughout the year by
the adopting group.

Theimer makes president's list

BEAVERCREEK - Sarah K. Theimer of Beavercreek, a sophomore at Campbellsville
University is on the spring semester president's list.

The university is in Campbellsville, Ky.

Elementary holds spring musical

CEDARVILLE - Celebrate America! was the title of Cedarville Elementary School's
Spring Music Program.

Under the direction of Elementary Band Director Jason Mahan, Elementary Music
Director Becky Traeger and student teacher Brent Fugate, kindergartners through
fifth-graders performed a number of patriotic songs.

As a special treat, all veterans present were honored during the singing of
"Salute to the Armed Forces."

Xenia resident on spring dean's list

XENIA - Lydia Tillmaand of Xenia is on the spring dean's list of Marietta
College in Marietta.

Xenia resident a Xavier graduate

XENIA - Maura C. Kisseberth graduated summa cum laude from Xavier University
with a bachelor's degree from the College of Liberal Arts on May 15.

She double-majored in history and philosophy.

In addition, she received The W. Eugene Shiels, S. J. History Award at the
Xavier University Honors Convocation on April 17 and was inducted into the Phi
Beta Kappa Honor Society on April 18.

The Xenia Christian High School graduate lives with her parents, Roy and Sue
Kisseberth.

Her plans after graduation include teaching at a bilingual school in Hondurus
beginning in August. After a year teaching, she plans on going to graduate
school.

Xenia announces scholarship list

XENIA - The following are scholarship award winners from Xenia High School:

* Ibrahim Niasse Abdul-Karim - University of Dayton Father Chaminade
Scholarship.

* Jessica Yvonne Alexander - Wright State University Athletic Grant.

* Marcus T. Allen - Middle Run Baptist Church Scholarship.

* Kaitlyn Michelle Allison - Angela Greathouse Nursing Scholarship.

* Jessica Erin Amtower - Cedarville University Academic Excellence Award;
Cedarville University Pharmacy Scholarship; Cedarville University Access Grant;
Xenia Rotary Vocational Scholarship; Elks Lodge Scholarship.

* Dakota Duepree Anderson - Ball State University Athletic Grant.

* Dillon Thomas Anderson - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Kristin Allison Anger - Wright State University Academic Performance
Scholarship; Xenia High School Renaissance Program Scholarship; Elizabeth
Oglesbee Scholarship.

* Joshua Michael Basler - University of Cincinnati Cincinnatus Century
Scholarship; University of Cincinnati Mechanical Engineering Scholarship.

* Olivia Danielle Beam - Miami University Merit Scholarship; The Jim Fleisher
Memorial Scholarship.

* Jason Keith Bickett - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Courtney Carol Brakeall - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Glenn Alexander Briggs IV - Ohio Weslyan University Dean's Scholarship; Ohio
Weslyan University Legacy Scholarship.

* Jessalyn Lauree Brown - Dr. Harold Tharp Memorial Scholarship.

* Brittany Burdick - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Matthew Ross Burket - Ohio University Gateway Scholarship; Ohio University
Florence H. Johnson Scholarship; Joss - arship; Marc Gembala Memorial
Scholarship.

* Thomas P. Buzzelli - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Jeffrey Mitchell Cannady - The Apple Family Vocational Scholarship.

* Brandi Nicole Caskey - League of United Latin Citizens Scholarship.

* Brittany Richelle Caskey - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Brooke Nicole Claude - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship; Dr.
Richard and Barbara Falls Medical Arts Scholarship.

* Teiharhah Jeannath Clemons - George J. Graham Scholarship; Greene County
College Success Program Scholarship.

* Shaun Michael Cooper - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Francesca Sophiya Couser - Student Service Scholarship; Spring Hill Elementary
P.T.O. Award.

* Hillary Patricia Delaney - The Ohio State University-Lima Buckeye Distinction
Award.

* Amira J'ine Dewitt - Wright State University Paul Laurence Dunbar Scholarship;
Wright State University Horizons in Medicine Scholarship; Miami Valley Hospital
Volunteer Scholarship.

* Caleb Mansel Dicke - Wright State University Academic Performance Scholarship;
Wright State University Theater Arts Scholarship; Donald Rice Scholarship.

* Diontè Lamar Dixon - Lorin McNeal Kiwanis Club Memorial Scholarship; Dayton
Music Club Scholarship.

* Jordan Thomas Dotson - The Bowling Green State University Tuition Scholarship
for Underrepresented Students; Bowling Green State University Founders
Scholarship; Bowling Green University New Student Excellence Award.

* Kelsey Danielle Duley - Dr. Harold Tharp Memorial Scholarship; George J.
Graham Scholarship.

* LáMeka Tyron Dunbar - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Matthew David Fawley - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Leah Marie Fisher - Miami University Resident Scholarship.

* Tiffany Lynn Freeman - Knight's of Columbus Council 1801 Scholarship;
Fraternal Order of Police Lodge 37 Scholarship.

* Lauren Ashley George - Miami University Resident Scholarship; Xenia Rotary
Club Scholarship.

* Neil Austin Gilliland - Wright State University Paul Laurence Dunbar
Scholarship.

* Robert Gilmore Gillon Jr. - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Matthew John Green - The Greene Living Foundation Sharon and Denny Phillips
Scholarship.

* Seth Edward Greene - Muskingum University Academic Scholarship; Muskingum
University Science Division Scholarship; Mike Tucker Memorial Scholarship.

* Patrick L. Grieve - University of Dayton Trustee's Merit Scholarship.

* Ruqaiyáh Tameem Grimes - University of Hartford Alumni Grant.

* Allie Bernice Gritton - Central State University Freshman Scholarship Award.

* Emma Anne Guthrie - The Norman D. Aukerman Scholarship.

* Jonathan James Haller - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Emily Belle Harkleroad - Wright State University Valedictorian Scholarship;
Wright Patterson Air Force Base Ed Doolittle Raiders Association Scholarship;
The Apple Family Renaissance Scholarship.

* Kyle Winfred Hatfield - University of Dayton Father Chaminade Scholarship;
University of Dayton President's Special Grant; University of Dayton Adele
Scholarship; Wilberforce Chapter Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Scholarship; Alpha
Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc. Scholarship.

* Nicholas Addam Haught - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Ryan Thomas Hawker - Wright State University Accounting Leadership
Scholarship; Wright State University Raider Scholarship; American Legion Foody
Cornwell Post 95 Scholarship.

* Joshua Glenn Hiney - Greene County Youth Activity Fund Scholarship.

* Dontraá Eugene Hutchins - The Ohio State University-Lima Buckeye Distinction
Award.

* Crysta Marie Hutchinson - Clarence Harner Memorial Scholarship.

* Chad M. Hyer - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* An?TaéSha Marie Jamason - Central State University Freshman Scholarship Award.

* Alice Maria Jenkins - Xenia All Sports Boosters Club Award.

* Tyler James Johnson - University of Dayton Dean's Merit Scholarship;
University of Dayton Adele Scholarship; University of Dayton Academic
Competiveness Grant.

* Kyle Patrick Jones - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Amber Lynn Keadle - Warner

Presidential Schol arship.

* Carrie Grace Keller - Bowling Green State University Heritage Scholarship.

* Stephen P. Kelleher - Ohio Home Builders Association Scholarship.

* Jeremy William King - Thomas and Louise Hiney Scholarship.

* Clinton Michael James Krakowiak - Wright State University Air Force ROTC
Scholarship; Wright State University Valedictorian Scholarship; William Holden
Memorial Scholarship; Josten's Higher Education Scholarship.

* Victoria Elizabeth Lane - Bowling Green State University Freshman Academic
Scholarship; George J. Graham Scholarship.

* Meagan Kay Larson - Helen Hooven Santmyer Award for Excellence.

* Brittiney M. Latimer - Cincinnati State Community College Athletic Grant;
Middle Run Baptist Church Scholarship.

* Micara Lynelle Lewis - Wright State University Paul Laurence Dunbar
Scholarship; Xenia Area Chamber of Commerce Partners in Education Committee
Scholarship; Wilberforce-Xenia Optimist Club Scholarship.

* Curtis D. Lindsey - CLEFT Center Scholarship.

* Jonathan David Lowman - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* David Jordan Marshall - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Aaron Michael McClanahan - University of Dayton Dean's Merit Scholarship;
Xenia Education Association Scholarship.

* Morgan Dwight Michalski - Grace College Honors Scholarship; Grace College
Winona Merit Scholarship; Grace College Millennial Honors Scholarship; Xenia
Rotary Club Scholarship.

* Sean Allen Mickle - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Eli Douglas Miller - Albert Tucker Memorial Scholarship.

* Michael Patrick Mongin - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Zachary Cole Moore - College of Mount St. Joseph Opportunity Award.

* Drew Thomas Mullins - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Jordan Brooke Neff-Estle - Miami University Academic Scholarship; Olive T.
Nybladh Award.

* Brady Patrick O'Callaghan - Miami University Merit Scholarship.

* Itobore Odje - Urcelle C. Willis Altrusa Club Scholarship.

* Taylor Christian Patterson - Eastern Michigan University Athletic Grant;
Daniel Shawver Memorial Scholarship.

* Brandon Michael Place - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Candace Hope-Lyn Pritchard - Wilmington College Academic Achievement
Scholarship.

* Shelby Sue Rader - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Cory Taylor Rasnic - Muskingum University Special Acknowledgement Award.

* Emily Grace Rhodes - Wright State University Raider Scholarship.

* Brandon Thomas Rice - Xenia Committee to Assist Youth Scholarship.

* Tyler William Richey - Cedarville University Academic Excellence Scholarship;
Daniel Shawver Memorial Scholarship.

* Kegan Lee Rinehart - Wright State University Academic Performance Scholarship;
Xenia Support Personnel Scholarship.

* Sarah Catherine Runyan - Wright State University Academic Performance
Scholarship; Xenia Education Association Scholarship.

* Megan Carol Sanders - University of Cincinnati Cincinnatus Century
Scholarship; Xenia Educational Endowment Fund Scholarship.

* Kineta Paige Sanford - Wright State University Paul Laurence Dunbar
Scholarship; PALS Scholarship.

* Destiny Natasha Sheets - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Garrett James Simpson - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Oweznehia Simpson - Hughes Book Award.

* Amanda Jean Smith - Wright State University Academic Performance Scholarship;
The Greene Living Foundation Donna and David Luttrell Scholarship; Olive Huston
Book Award.

* Marisa Anne Smith - Wright State University First Year Recognition
Scholarship; The Greene Living Foundation Donna and David Luttrell Scholarship;
Carl Benner Kiwanis Club Award.

* Shelby Earlene Smith - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Amanda Marie Snow - Defiance College Presidential Scholar Program Scholarship.

* Chelsea Renee Sollenberger - Wright State University Academic Performance
Schol-.

* Laura Elise Stalter - University of Dayton Dean's Merit Scholarship; Cox
Elementary P.T.O. Pete Shagin Award.

* Joseph Michael Steiner - Wright State University Academic Performance
Scholarship; Fanning-Howey Architect Firm Football Scholars Scholarship; Xenia
All Sports Boosters Club Award.

* Colin E. Stewart - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship; Sinclair
Community College Junior Leadership Scholarship; Branden Brewer Memorial
Scholarship.

* Joseph Thomas Stollings - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Jamal H. Story - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Brandon Dean Strunk - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Alyssa Lynn Summerville - Wright State University Paul Laurence Dunbar
Scholarship.

* Daniel Adam Thompson - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Erica Caitlin Thorn - Kenyon College Grant; Clarence Harner Memorial
Scholarship; Tecumseh Elementary P.T.O. Award.

* Steven Christopher Vasquez - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Megan Diane Vincent - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Michael James Vollmer - University of Cincinnati Air Force ROTC Scholarship;
University of Cincinnati Cincinnatus Scholarship; University of Cincinnati
Alumnus Scholarship; Football Hall of Fame Springfield Chapter Scholarship;
Casey Elliot Memorial Scholarship.

* Tesa Sarae Waller - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Celeste Kinnard Wheeler - Ohio University Gateway Scholarship; American
Association of University Women Scholarship.

* Cassandra Marlene Whitley - Bowling Green State University Heritage
Scholarship; Wilberforce Chapter Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Scholarship; Xenia
High School Student Council Award; Rocky Thomas Award.

* Dillon James Williams - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Jenna Ruth Williams - Cedarville University Athletic Grant; Cedarville
University Academic Excellence Scholarship; Xenia High School National Honor
Society Award.

* Ciera Nicole Wilson - American Legion Foody Cornwell Post 95 Scholarship.

* Rebecca Jane Wilson - Sinclair Community College Tech Prep Scholarship.

* Brice Kenyatta Womack - University of Findlay Athletic Grant; University of
Findlay President's Scholarship; Wilberforce Chapter Delta Sigma Theta Sorority
Scholarship.

* Jacob Dale Wuebben - The Ohio State Extension Office Smith Scholarship; Greene
County 4-H Scholarship; Student Service Scholarship; P.D. Wickline Memorial
Scholarship; Greene County Farm Forum Scholarship.

* Michael Lambert Zoerb - University of Dayton Dean's Merit Scholarship;
University of Dayton Adele Scholarship.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Stephanie Burden

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.
