
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 26, 2010 Thursday

Farmers Market plans day for kids Saturday

BYLINE: Vicki Hillhouse, Walla Walla Union-Bulletin

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 628 words


Aug. 26--The Walla Walla Valley Farmers Market will be a must-stop for kids this
weekend.

The sixth annual "Kids Day at the Market" runs 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Saturday at the
market location at Fourth Avenue and Main Street.

Dedicated to children, the event will feature activities and special events --
zucchini car races, face-painting, a petting zoo and health screens courtesy of
Walla Walla General Hospital, market Manager Beth-Aimee McGuire announced.

Valley Transit will host "Trolley Story Time" with volunteers from the Walla
Walla Public Library. Fire trucks from the city and Walla Walla Fire District 4
will be on display, as well as tractors from Tumac, Ford-New Holland and the
Walla Walla Farmers Co-op.

Other vendors that will participate include the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers,
Walla Walla Symphony, the National Association for the Education for Young
children and The Moms Network. Kids Day passports will be available for children
to get stamped as they track their way through the more than 20 activities
planned for the day.

Tumac Outdoor has expanded its footprint with the acquisition of All Makes of
Lewiston.

The Idaho business specializes in hard-to-find machinery and vehicle parts for
clients across the country. Terms of the purchase were not disclosed in the
announcement earlier this month.

The business tracks down parts for tractors, excavators, combines, cars, trucks,
planes, construction equipment and appliances. It is particularly known for
finding parts from manufacturers that have gone out of business, parts for
foreign-made equipment or after-market parts.

As part of the consolidation, former All Makes owner Mark Andrews will become
Tumac's new parts manager at the Lewiston store. He will coordinate sourcing of
parts through all the company's locations.

"I have spent decades fostering relationships with suppliers and source parts
from a network of hundreds of thousands of specialty shops around the world to
find the parts my customers need," he said in a prepared statement. "Many of the
suppliers I work with don't offer their products on the internet or market them
through any traditional channels, so we end up providing a wonderful value-added
service."

Walla Walla-based Tumac is the local John Deere dealer. It also offers Kubota,
Gleaner, Honda Power Equipment, Traeger Grills, Husqvarna and STIHL products.
The company expanded into Lewiston in 2007 with the purchase of Hodgson Ford
Tractor.

Key Technology has appointed Jeff Nickerson as the Walla Walla firm's product
marketing manager.

In his new role, Nickerson will be responsible for marketing all of Key's
product lines, including its automated inspection, specialized conveying and
product preparation systems, according to an announcement Wednesday from the
manufacturing firm.

He will specifically focus on international markets, including Europe, the
Middle East, Africa, Australia/New Zealand, Asia Pacific and the Latin American
regions.

Nickerson most recently worked as the London-based product line manager at
Wright Machinery. Before that he was product line manager at PPM Technologies
and was based in Sweden. He has a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering
from Columbia University.

Strictly Business is a local business column. Vicki Hillhouse can be reached at
vickihillhouse@wwub.com or 509-526-8321.

To see more of the Union-Bulletin or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.union-bulletin.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Walla Walla Union-Bulletin
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100826-UN-Farmers-Market-plans-day-for-kids-Saturday-0826-20100826

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UN


                   Copyright 2010 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                            March 19, 2008 Wednesday

Market dates are truly green

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 167 words


A New farmers' markets leaflet for 2008 is out now, hot off the press of
environmental printing company Severnprint.

Probably the greenest farmers' market promotion in the country, the leaflet has
information on Gloucester, Stroud, Stow-on-the-Wold and Swindon markets is
printed on Greencoat Offset 100 per cent recycled paper, using vegetable oil
based inks as opposed to mineral oil based inks.

Chemical and water usage a reduced by the use of a special process known as CTP
process-less plates, and the printing plant is Powered using renewable energy
from Ecotricity.

The leaflet has been sponsored by Ecotricity, the leading renewable energy
company based in Stroud.  It will be available from local farmers' markets, the
Made in Stroud Shop and cafes and outlets in Stroud town centre.

In an attempt to make the leaflet available to even more customers, a
downloadable version is available on the website www.fresh-n-local.co.uk.Anyone
who would like to stock the new  leaflet, should call 01453 758060.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Marlborough Midweek (New Zealand)

                            March 22, 2017 Wednesday

Cranky Goat tastes of success

BYLINE: PAULA HULBURT

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 362 words


A passion for cheese has seen a family-owned company scoop four coveted awards
at a national competition.

Cranky Goat Ltd won two silver and three bronze awards at the New Zealand
Specialist Cheesemakers Association Awards in Auckland earlier this month.

The Marlborough Sounds- based business has proven it has the ingredients for
success after winning with five of its cheeses.

Owned and operated by the Lamb family, the artisan cheeses are a great source of
pride for the household.

Cheesemaker Simon Lamb, who starts his day at 5.30am, seven days a week, comes
from a farming background in England.

The creator of winning cheeses such as the Linkwater Log, The Nanny and The
Pelorus Pearl, Simon says he and the family were happy to be recognised.

"The best thing for us is to see someone try one of our cheeses for the first
time and the look on their face. That means more to us than the awards, but the
awards validate what we do.

"The phrase 'you can't make a silk purse from a sow's ear' is true and we are
tremendously lucky to be provided with top quality goats milk to start with."

Wife Hellene looks after the quality control and sales side of the business and,
alongside daughter Hannah, is a familiar face at the Marlborough Farmers' Market
.

Hannah is responsible for marketing and sales promotion, a formula that works
well for the family.

The cheeses that impressed the judges were The Pelorus Pearl and The Nag which
won silver in the white rind cheese award, while the company's halloumi won
silver in the European style cheese award. The Nanny took bronze in the champion
goat cheese award and the Linkwater Log won bronze in the new cheese award.

Simon says coming up with new and fresh ideas has never been a problem for him,
but waiting for the results can be difficult.

"Cheesemaking is a long, drawn out process in that you make the cheese and then
have to wait between four and nine months for it to mature," he says.

"Patience is the one thing that is good for cheesemakers to have."

--------------------

CAPTION:

Cranky Goat Ltd co- owner Hellene Lamb sells the award- winning Cranky Goat
cheese at the Marlborough Farmers' Market.

Picture: RICKY WILSON/ FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Advocate (Burnie)

                            October 15, 2013 Tuesday

Briefly

BYLINE: MARK ACHESON

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 287 words


Businesses gear

up for bag ban

CENTRAL Coast businesses are converting from plastic to re-usable bags.
Ulverstone's Kings Feast is now a plastic shopping bag free butchery. The Ugly
Duck Out and Turner's Beach's La Mar Cafe Providore have also joined the cause.
A Tasmanian

Government ban on supplying single-use, lightweight plastic shopping bags comes
into force on November 1. To help prepare everyone for the ban, a free package
of promotion materials will be provided to all retailers who register on the
website at

www.plasticbags.tas.gov.au

Farmers' market

to start Sunday

THE Cradle Coast Farmers' Market is set to be held each Sunday from 8.30am to
1pm at the Ulverstone Wharf. The market will start from this Sunday. The market
aims to celebrate and promote Tasmanian produce by building and growing a
sustainable

farmers market and providing a direct connection between local producers and
consumers. For further details contact Cherie Allan at caallan@bigpond.com

Australia Day

nominations

The Central Coast Council and the National Australia Day Council, invites
nominations from the public for the Australia Day Awards 2014 in three
categories: Citizen of The Year, Young Citizen of the Year and Community Event
of the Year. For

nomination forms visit the council website.

Excellence

awards night

THE Business Excellence Awards 2013 - Nominate & Celebrate - will be held in The
Gawler Room, Ulverstone Civic Centre on Saturday from 6.30pm. Cost is $55 each.
For tax invoice and payment email: admin@centralcoastcci.com

Crystal healing device on show

THE Alternative Science Technology Research Organisation's Mark Crentlaw will
showcase its crystal healing device on Saturday. For more information visit:
astrotas.wordpress.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           September 30, 2007 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Lincoln's farmers markets offer locally grown foods

BYLINE: LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: X; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 392 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


Farmers markets are a staple for followers of the Slow Food Movement. Here some
of the more popular markets in Lincoln:

* Historic Haymarket Farmers Market

Lincoln's most popular farmers market, the Historic Haymarket Farmers Market
stretches along Seventh and P streets encircling the Lincoln Station train
depot. Beginning in mid-June through mid-August, the market expands to Eighth
Street between P and Q streets. The market is open Saturdays from 8 a.m. to
noon, from the first Saturday in May to the second Saturday in October. It
attracts more than 100 vendors each weekend, selling farm-fresh produce and
meats, flowers, herbs, crafts and snacks.

* Old Cheney Road Farmers Market

Open for its second full season, the market runs from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. every
Sunday from the first Sunday in May through the last Sunday in October at the
tree-lined Old Cheney Center parking lot at 55th Street and Old Cheney Road.
About 50 vendors sell in-season vegetables, farm eggs, meat, fish, jellies and
jams, baked goods, flowers, crafts and snacks.

* Havelock Farmers Market

Head to Havelock on Wednesdays for a midweek farmers market. The market will be
open 3-6 p.m. in the north parking lot near 62nd Street and Havelock Avenue
(behind Against the Wall Gallery)  every Wednesday through Oct. 31. Look for
fresh-picked produce, naturally raised beef, lamb, artisan bread and cheese,
home-baked goods and fresh flowers.

* Piedmont Farmers Market

This is a smaller market at the Piedmont Shops near South Cotner Boulevard and A
Street. The market opens in May and runs from 8 a.m. to noon every Saturday
through the end of October. About a dozen vendors sell produce, flowers and
plants, baked goods and crafts. Call Sunrise Coffee at 489-1720 for more
information.

* Jazz in June Market

A small open-air market is held in conjunction with Lincoln's Jazz in June
concert series outside Sheldon Memorial Art Gallery. The market begins at 5 p.m.
each Tuesday in June and runs through the end of the intermission. Vendors are
located on 12th Street between Q and R streets and on R Street between 12th and
13th streets.

For a complete guide to farmers markets, produce stands and you-pick operations
statewide, call the state Department of Agriculture Ag Promotion Development
Division, at (800) 422-6692, or visit www.agr.ne.gov/pub/apd/produce.htm.

- Lincoln Journal Star

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Zucchini is just one of the many locally grown foods featured at
Lincoln's farmers markets. JOURNAL STAR FILE PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Lowestoft Journal

                            January 25, 2013 Friday

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 576 words


CONCERNS are constantly voiced these days about the dominance of the big
supermarket chains.

But a farmer's market in Waveney is going "from strength to strength".

The popularity of the Beccles Farmers Market at Ellough Airfield is founded on
quality local produce as more than 30 stallholders come together twice a month
to serve their wares to hundreds of customers.



And on Saturday a special treat was on offer as people were encouraged to start
the day with a traditional fry-up - using locally-sourced ingredients - to mark
the launch of Farmhouse Breakfast Week.

Despite the snowy conditions, the market attracted a good turn-out and the cold
weather seemed to fuel people's appetites as dozens queued up for their free
breakfast. Locally-produced sausages sizzled alongside bacon, eggs, and
mushrooms as stallholders and market organisers served up a "thank you" to their
loyal customers.

Elizabeth Hall, who co-organises the market and runs the Hundred River Beef
stall, said: "We wanted to do a promotion to thank our customers for their
continued support over the last 12 months... it is about promoting healthy
breakfasts and how it is such an important meal of the day. This is about the
fifth year we have been doing the promotion and last year more than 350
breakfasts were given out."

The market, which usually has between 30 and 35 stallholders, is Farma-certified
with all the traders based within a 50-mile radius, ensuring the food on offer
is locally produced and sourced. That includes the beef and ice cream on Hundred
River Beef's stall - produced just two fields away from the site in Hulver
Street.

Miss Hall said: "We have a variety of stalls, which is important, offering
venison, beef, lamb, local eggs, ice cream. There are also two bakers and I am
launching a new product with the first batch of natural yoghurt."

Other stalls offer pork, fruit and vegetables, flowers, pastries, preserves,
cakes and handmade ceramics.

Reflecting on the past 12 months, Miss Hall added: "It has been a very good
year, with lots of very successful markets. We average anywhere between 600 to
800 customers.

"This is our 13th year and we are continuing to do very well as the market goes
from strength to strength. We have a good band of loyal customers and local
producers, and we are all one big happy family."

Among the other traders present on Saturday were egg producers Bob and Helen
Kingery, of Greenfield Farm at West End in Wrentham, who have been attending the
market since its launch.

Mrs Kingery said: "It is very successful and we are very pleased with it. We've
been producing eggs since 1996, about 17 years, and recently won the British
Free Range Eggs Association producer of the year award."

The eggs for Saturday's free breakfasts were provided by Mr and Mrs Kingery,
with the rolls provided by Eugene and Shona Smith, from the Glendower Bakery in
London Road, Pakefield.

Mr Smith said: "The market is very good for us. We've been doing it for about
five years and if everyone shops local it would keep us in business. We are all
local and we trade with one another as well."

Beccles Farmers Market takes place on the first and third Saturday of the month
at Beccles Heliport on Ellough Airfield. For more information, visit
www.becclesfarmersmarket.co.uk

Farmhouse Breakfast Week, which started on Sunday, is run by Home Grown Cereals
Authority (HGCA), the cereals and oilseeds division of the Agriculture and
Horticulture Development Board.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LOW


                    Copyright 2013 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     August 26, 2004 Thursday Home Edition

Cobb Business: BRIEFS

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Cobb; Pg. 3JF

LENGTH: 188 words


Stores to offer tips on kids' healthy lunches

The Whole Foods Market chefs panel will present "Lunchbox Basics" --- in-store
demonstrations filled with tips.

The free demonstrations are scheduled for noon to 2 p.m. Sept. 4 at all Whole
Foods Market and Harry's Farmers Market locations.

Whole Foods Markets are at 650 Ponce de Leon, Atlanta; 2111 Briarcliff Road,
Atlanta; and 5930 Roswell Road, Sandy Springs. Harry's Farmers Markets are at
2025 Satellite Pointe, Duluth, and 70 Powers Ferry Road, Marietta.

* More information, visit www.wholefoods.com.

Leadership meeting

The Cobb Galleria hosts the Women's Leadership Exchange Sept. 22.

The conference, scheduled for 7 a.m. to 7 p.m., will feature many well-known
speakers and seminar leaders, including

* Diane Weathers, editor-in-chief of Essence magazine.

* Charlotte Beers, former chairwoman of J. Walter Thompson Worldwide and Ogilvy
& Mather.

Registration costs $175 and includes seminars, keynote speakers and a reception.


* More information, or to register: 1-888-937-5800 or go to
www.womensleadershipexchange.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 29, 2007 Sunday

Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Carlie Kollath column

BYLINE: Carlie Kollath, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 560 words


Jul. 29--A SNIPPET OF LIFE FROM THE FARMERS' MARKET: I love farmers' markets.

I've grown up working and shopping at them, and I live for the smell of fresh
basil on a Saturday morning. So, when I heard about the Mississippi Farmers'
Market in Jackson, I had to make the trip down to our state's capital.

The market wasn't as big as I had expected, but I did get to milk a fake cow. My
favorite part was talking with the growers about their produce. I met a lady who
grows organic tea and a man who sells flower arrangements in beer cans.

Our conversations went all over the place: why they grow a particular product,
how to parent teenage boys, where to find Winesap apples in the South.

The experience was similar to what I've found here in Tupelo. The last market I
went to, I met a baker who relocated from Pennsylvania and a man who moved from
Hawaii and grows frangipani trees. After swinging by all the booths, I left the
market educated about the life cycle of cabbage and carrying more produce than I
could ever hope to eat in a week.

I'm a big believer in the idea that you can learn a lot about a community from
its farmers' market. Not only do you find out about the local food, you find out
about local life. You see kids grow up. You learn about the important issues in
town. You see the effects firsthand when it doesn't rain for a month and you
know exactly where your money goes when you buy tomatoes from a local grower.

More chain stores are realizing the appeal of farmers' markets and trying to
emulate the feeling. The Kroger near Crosstown temporarily set up a farmers
market display in its produce department this month. Wal-Mart has a chainwide
promotion for local produce in its stores.

But the chains are missing a vital element -- the growers. I want to know who is
growing my food, and a sticker with the country of origin doesn't cut it. I also
want to know it is fresh. I bought peaches in Jackson and the grower told me how
she picked them the day before. It's a piece of information that I can't find
out in most chain stores.

I get worried, though, when I talk to farmers because they are worried about how
long they are going to be able to remain farmers. The global marketplace has
changed everything. Produce from abroad can be sold cheaper than produce grown
locally. True, this is the nature of competition, but deep down I feel like I
have a responsibility to my community to support it.

Spending money with local people -- whether farmers, merchants or restaurateurs
-- makes our community better because it keeps the money here.

It puts money in the hands of people who are going to spend it in the region,
and not in a mall across the country.

I don't know about you, but I don't think I'd have a hard time finding a
retailer who wouldn't mind its customers having a bit more spending money.

Contact business reporter Carlie Kollath at 678-1598 or
carlie.kollath@djournal.com

To see more of Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.djournal.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070729-TP-KOLLATH-COL-20070729

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2007 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            July 29, 2009 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

EVENT WILL RAISE MONEY FOR LOCAL FARMERS MARKET;

BYLINE: Lorie Hutson

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 350 words


The Spokane Farmers Market will host its first fundraiser dinner Aug. 11 at
Urban Eden Farm in Vinegar Flats.

Tickets are $40 each for the "Feast with the Farms" dinner catered by Sylvia
Wilson of Feast Catering Co. A cocktail hour hosted by Dry Fly Distillery and
Northern Lights Brewing begins at 5:30 p.m. Dinner will be served at 6:30 p.m.
There will be silent and live auctions.

Money raised will help the market stay at its current location and continue the
Community Nutrition Education program, which promotes good nutrition for the
market's low-income customers.

Tickets can be purchased at the nutrition education booth at the market, held 8
a.m.-1 p.m. Wednesdays and Saturdays on Second Avenue between Browne and
Division. Or, call Natalie Beck, market promotions coordinator, to arrange for a
ticket purchase at (509) 496-5863.

If dinner is not in the plan, try dessert.

The Spokane Farmers Market will host a pie contest at the market Saturday. Sign
up at the market today or just bring a pie to Saturday's competition. Deliver it
to the market at 10 a.m. and prizes will be awarded by noon. Market shoppers
will help judge the entries.

The first-place pie maker will win $50 to spend at the market and a T-shirt. The
second-place winner gets $10 and a T-shirt. Third place garners a T-shirt.

GREEN BLUFF CELEBRATES 100 YEARS

Members of the Green Bluff Grange are preparing to celebrate the century mark.

Both the Green Bluff Grange and the Green Bluff United Methodist Church will be
100 years old this year and organizers are planning two days of events to mark
the anniversaries. As part of the celebration, grange members are compiling a
cookbook that will be released during the Aug. 29-30 events.

Priscilla Davis says they've rounded up recipes to span a century of cooking in
Green Bluff. The 200-page book, "Cookin' on the Bluff for 100 Years," also will
include the history of the area.

To order the book, send a check for $14.95 for each one to Priscilla Davis at:
18825 N. Dunn Road, Colbert, WA. 99005. Davis can be reached by e-mail at
ddavisp@aol.com

TYPE: Column: Fresh Sheet

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            October 2, 2007 Tuesday

Downtown Alliance gets $$ to boost Salt Lake City farmers market

LENGTH: 135 words


The Downtown Alliance in Salt Lake City will receive $15,893 from a federal
program to promote farmers markets, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said
Monday.

The alliance plans to use the funds for a pilot of an "alternative purchase
program" to buy and use electronic benefits transfer and food stamp payment
systems and to design and implement a training and education program for farmers
market managers, more than 100 farm vendors and food stamp recipients. The
program is designed to increase fresh food access and farmer sales, the
department said.

The department awarded 23 grants totaling $900,000 under the Farmers Market
Promotion Program. Grants were awarded to local governments, nonprofit and
economic development corporations and agricultural cooperatives in 16 states and
the District of Columbia.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Nottingham Evening Post

                             July 16, 2009 Thursday

University honour for DNA pioneer

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 555 words


A Pioneering scientist has been honoured by the university where he made his
landmark discovery.

Professor Sir Alec Jeffreys, who invented DNA fingerprinting 25 years ago, was
given a distinguished honorary fellowship by the University of Leicester.

Sir Alec, who still works at the university, was presented with the fellowship
in front of students receiving their degrees at De Montfort Hall.

He said: "It's absolutely wonderful to be recognised on what I see as being an
academic family occasion. It's a tremendous honour."

He said there had been some major changes in science since he made his
discovery.

"I think the pace of scientific development has accelerated over the past 25
years and I think the students are now more mindful of their prospects beyond
graduation," he said.

A FARMERS' market will be offering shoppers environmentally friendly bags in an
effort to reduce plastic waste. The natural cotton shopping bags will be given
to the first 200 customers who spend more than £5 at Blaby Farmers' Market on
Saturday, July 25.

Each bag will contain a raffle ticket giving shoppers the chance to win £5 in
vouchers to be spent on market produce.

Entrants into the prize draw will be asked to attend the next market on August
22 to see if they are a winner.

Councillor Jackie Dickinson, growth, developments and assets holder at Blaby
District Council, said: "I hope shoppers will visit the farmers' market to
support this promotion."

Blaby Farmers' Market runs on the fourth Saturday of every month, from 9am to
1.30pm, in the Blaby Social Centre car park in Leicester Road.

The market is organised by the district council in partnership with
Leicestershire Food Links and Blaby Social Centre.

For more information, call market manager Roger Jones on 07898 478780.

BABY woolly monkey Branco enjoyed the attention as he made his public debut at
Twycross Zoo.

Born last month, Branco is the seventh offspring of mother Djoi, and is already
a popular sight.

The tiny primate is named after a river in South America, where the species
comes from.

Branco, who has clung to Djoi's front since birth, will soon move round to ride
on her back.

A zoo spokeswoman said Branco's father, Miguel, has been throwing ropes around
the enclosure to show protection of his baby.

ORGANISERS of this year's Victory Show have confirmed that the Avro Vulcan
bomber will be appearing at the festival. The iconic aircraft will stage a mock
bombing run at the Second World War event in Cosby on Saturday, September 5.

More than 10,000 people are expected to attend the show, which is being held at
Foxlands Farm, Croft Road, in Cosby.

Organiser Steve Pepper said: "We've had lots of people asking whether or not the
Vulcan will be making an appearance and I'm happy to say that it won't just be
here, it'll performing a staged bombing run too - and for the first time in the
show's history."

People from all over the country will travel to see the Vulcan and a variety of
other aircraft including Supermarine Spitfire and Hurricane WWII fighters and a
Lancaster bomber.

Historical societies from around Europe will also be taking part in
re-enactments.

Tickets for the show cost £10 for adults, £5 for children and Second World War
veterans  and under-fives get in free.

For more information, call 0116 284 9899/07551 658 371 or visit:
http://www.victoryshow.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 48


                     Copyright 2009 Nottingham Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             May 24, 2012 Thursday

Farmers markets are increasing in San Jose

BYLINE: By Mary Gottschalk mgottschalk@community-newspapers.com

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; San Jose - Valley; News

LENGTH: 1398 words


It's Wednesday afternoon nearing 5 p.m. and Sara Quast is at the Cambrian Park
Farmers Market with her two small children and a woven basket filled with fresh
fruit and produce.

"I come every week; it's close to my house," she says. "It's a small market, but
it has everything we like."

Quast has been shopping at the market for two years and says she's mainly
looking for fruit, produce and occasionally bread for her family.

Eric and Melissa Battiato are also shopping at the Cambrian market, taking turns
holding their young son and balancing their purchases, including fresh cherries.

"We come once or twice a month, mainly for the fresh produce," Eric says.

Melissa adds that she prefers a farmers market to a grocery store. "It's more
local. You build a rapport with the farmers. You build trust and a relationship,
and that's great."

Farmers markets as we know them started in the late 1970s, and California was in
the forefront. It was a way for farmers to get their produce to consumers
without the middleman.

Farmers got a better price than they would selling to a wholesaler, and
consumers got produce fresher than they could find in any supermarket, often at
a lower price.

The concept of community markets goes back centuries when most towns in Europe
had a specific market day, when area farmers brought their goods to town to sell
directly to housewives and cooks.

While most markets still focus on produce, increasingly they have become places
that also offer breads, eggs, cheese, poultry, fish and prepared foods as well
as a variety of other items such as jewelry, pottery, soaps and crafts.

And in much the same way that market days in Elizabethan England were a chance
to visit with neighbors, many local farmers markets provide the same opportunity
to see friends and catch up on neighborhood happenings.

The Battiatos and Quast are among the hundreds of Silicon Valley residents who
patronize an ever-increasing number of farmers markets in their own
neighborhoods.

Santa Clara County lists 40 markets within the county.

San Jose alone has 19 and is likely to have more soon as Pacific Coast Farmers
Market Association has tentatively scheduled three openings during the first
week in June, including one in the Rose Garden area.

Proposed changes to San Jose's municipal zoning code will make it easier for
additional farmers markets to open.

Currently, market operators must apply for special use permits and are lumped
together with other temporary outdoor events, says Andrew Crabtree, manager of
the environmental planning and sustainability division of Planning Services, San
Jose.

The San Jose City Council is considering adding a category for certified farmers
markets to the code, so applicants wouldn't need the special use permit and
public hearings.

It would be a less expensive process and more streamlined, Crabtree says.

At the same time that PCFMA is looking to expand its markets in San Jose, the
West Coast Farmers Market Association suspended operation of the Friday market
it launched in late April at San Jose City College.

Jerry Lami, executive director of WCFMA, which launched in 2011, says when he
approached SJCC about opening there, "I didn't realize that area was as
saturated as it is."

Lami says he would like to see his market move into the central quad at SJCC and
to Wednesdays to attract more students. He plans to talk to the college about
reopening, maybe in September.

Alternatively, he's hoping to work out an arrangement with Valley Medical
Center, across the street from SJCC.

Lami says he knows VMC is considering a farmers market, emulating those offered
at many Kaiser Permanente hospital sites.

The Bay Area Farmers Market Association is another newcomer on the scene,
launching a market at Central Christian Church in March for the Cambrian and
Willow Glen areas and another one in April in Campbell.

Johanna Borello, president of the group, says it recently changed the hours of
the Central Christian market on Fridays from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. to 3 to 7 p.m.

"We want to make it a Friday night thing for families in the area," Borello
says.

Melanie Defe and Suellen Sterling of South Bay Farmers Markets are among the
longest running market operators in the Valley. They opened the Los Gatos
Farmers Market 20 years ago and are celebrating their 15th year in Willow Glen.

Defe says the key to success is having enough farmers, enough shoppers and
making it fair for everyone.

If farmers don't see enough customers, they are likely to switch to a different
market.

At the same time, if customers don't see enough farmers, they are likely to go
elsewhere.

It's important, Defe says, that farmers offer something different from each
other.

She works to see that there aren't four or five farmers selling the same fruit
or vegetable at the same market because sales will be too divided.

Laura Salcido, community outreach coordinator for PCFMA, which now operates
eight markets in San Jose, says one of the reasons they are expanding is due to
grants from the U.S. Department of Agriculture and its Farmers Market Promotion
Program. The USDA is offering $10 million grants in 2012 to expand farmers
market programs, particularly in low income areas, to "increase access to fresh,
healthy and affordable food choices for all Americans, while expanding market
opportunities for farmers and ranchers."

Salcido says the grants and encouragement from Santa Clara County, the Health
Trust, First Five and other community stakeholders are the reason it is
launching three new markets in San Jose.

The Rose Garden location was chosen because, she says, "It's a mixed community
there. You have some higher income and some lower income residents, and we would
love to build community through a farmers market."

To encourage lower income residents to buy fresh fruits and vegetables, Salcido
says the market will accept CalFresh EBT cards.

"When they spend $10 on the card at the farmers market, we give them an extra $5
to spend," she says.

A 2008 research study at UCLA found that women in the federally funded Woman,
Infants and Children program who shopped at farmers markets were eating about
three additional servings of vegetables and fruits a day.

Some study participants said they found the produce at the markets fresher, and
they enjoyed the community atmosphere there.

While shopping at a farmers market may seem like a straightforward process,
market organizers say there are ways to maximize the experience.

"I encourage everybody to talk to the person growing their food and ask them
about it, what's the best way to store it and how to prepare it, Defe says. "If
you see something unusual and don't know what to do with it, ask. The farmer can
tell you a hundred ways to use it and how healthy and good it is for you."

Borello says, "Bring a bag."

Besides San Jose's bag ordinance, she points out that shoppers often forget
they'll need a larger bag or basket to carry their purchases.

Borello says they sometimes have bag giveaways at their markets as promotions.

a sampling of San Jose Farmers markets

Blossom Hill Farmers Market, Princeton Plaza Mall, Kooser and Meridian avenues,
Sundays 9 a.m. to 1 p.m., year round. Operated by California Farmers Market
Association.

Cambrian Park Farmers Markets, Camden and Union avenues, Wednesdays 4 to 8 p.m.,
May through September. Operated by Urban Village Farmers Markets Association.

Central Christian Church Farmers' Market, 2555 Meridian Ave., San Jose, Fridays
3 to 7 p.m., year round. Operated by Bay Area Farmers Market Association.

Kaiser Permanente San Jose Medical Center, 270 International Circle, Fridays 10
a.m. to 2 p.m. year-round. Operated by Pacific Coast Farmers Markets.

Rose Garden Farmers Market, Teak House parking lot at The Alameda and Hanchett
Avenue, Saturdays, 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Tentatively scheduled to open June 2.
Operated by Pacific Coast Farmers Market Association.

Santa Teresa Farmers Market, Kaiser Permanente parking lot at Santa Teresa
Boulevard and Camino Verde Drive, Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., year round.
Operated by Pacific Coast Farmers Markets.

The Plant Farmers Market, The Plant Shopping Center, 1 Curtner Ave., Saturdays,
9 a.m. to 1 p.m., April to Nov. 17. Operated by Silicon Valley Farmers Market
Association.

Willow Glen Farmers Market, behind the Garden Theater, 1165 Lincoln, Saturdays
9:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m., is considering year round. Operated by South Bay Farmers
Markets.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (photo Jacqueline Ramseyer/SVCN/May 12, 2012) Bob Gustke tries a sample
of Maui coffee at the Willow Glen Farmer's Market from proprietors Jolynn
Spinelli and her husband Carlos ??, owners of Cosmic Coffee Company and Imagine
It Bakery out of Campbell.
(Derek Sijder/SVCN/August 5, 2009) Eric and Jenn Lowe let their daughter Lexi do
all the strawberry tasting at the Cambrian Farmers Market.
(Photo by Rick Zerby)/forSVCN/5/20/2012) Rosemary Graffius picks out some beans
at the Vangs Produce booth during the farmers market at Princeton Plaza. May 20,
2012
(Photo by Rick Zerby)/forSVCN/5/20/2012) Ed Elizondo picks out some artichokes
at Borchard Farms Produce booth during the farmers market at Princeton Plaza.
May 20, 2012
(Photo by Rick Zerby)/forSVCN/5/20/2012) Jayden Seed(4 years old) enjoys some
blackberries at the Medina Berrys Farms Produce Booth at the Princeton Plaza
Farmers Market. May 20, 2012

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                              March 7, 2011 Monday

NAMES/NEWS: Outlet Shoppes accepting farmers market applications

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 544 words


Outlet Shoppes accepting farmers market applications

The Outlet Shoppes at El Paso is accepting vendor applications for its farmers
market that will run from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. every Sunday from June 5 to Oct. 9.
The market is open to all local farmers and artisians. For more information
about the market or for an application please call Beth Parkinson at (915)
877-3208.

The Outlet Shoppes at El Paso is located of the intersection of I-10 and
Transmountain, Exit 6 in El Paso.

Student grabs award at leadership conference

Adrian Avila of the Gadsden Chapter of Business Professionals of America won
first place in Keyboarding Production at the state conference recently. Students
from across New Mexico came together Feb. 17 to 19 to participate in state level
business skills competitions. Avila qualified to attend the BPA National
Leadership Conference, "Stand Out From the Crowd," to be held in Washington, DC,
in May

IBA honors Gonzalez

The International Business Accelerator in Santa Teresa, has named Carlos
Gonzalez of JBC International as its outstanding client of the year. Gonzalez
was honored in a special ceremony at the State Capitol in February.

JBC International is a five-year-old company specializing in recycling plastics,
cardboard and pallets.

Located near the US-Mexico border in Santa Teresa the IBA exists to help
businesses enter the world market. Since its inception, the IBA, a program of
the New Mexico Small Business Development Center network, has worked with
approximately 700 companies that have sought assistance with imports, exports,
foreign contacts, and New Mexico business incentives. To contact the
International Business Accelerator call (575) 589-2200.

MMC names Addison March Shining Star

Sarah Addison has been recognized as Memorial Medical Center's Shining Star for
March. MMC reports that, as a senior medical staff coordinator, Addison ensures
allied health professionals who practice at Memorial Medical Center have all the
required documentation, licensure, certificates and insurance needed to provide
care to patients. She is also responsible for the continuing medical education
committee, which provides continuing educations credits for physicians. The
Shining Star of the Month is nominated by peers and supervisors.

First American promotes Wetzel

LAS CRUCES - First American Bank announced that Justin Wetzel has been promoted
to vice president/commercial loan officer in Las Cruces. A New Mexico State
University graduate with a degree in business administration, Wetzel has worked
for First American for eight years.

Southwest Wines wins medals at competition

Among a field of more than 500 wines invited to compete, Southwest Wines of New
Mexico was recognized for five varieties at the American Fine Wine Competition
which took place in January in West Palm Beach, Fla. Five medals were awarded,
including a Gold for St. Clair Riesling, at the annual competition that
celebrates American wines.

Two of the winery's St. Clair labels were awarded. In addition to the Gold given
to the St. Clair Riesling, the judges also bestowed a Bronze award on the St.
Clair Merlot. Three of the winery's DH Lescombes labels were recognized: DH
Lescombes Pinot Noir (Bronze), DH Lescombes Port (Silver), and DH Lescombes Brut
(Silver).

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             July 7, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Break out the red, white and GREEN;
When choosing watermelons, the proof is in the cutting

BYLINE: AL CARSON acarson@heraldsun.com; 419-6634

SECTION: FOOD & DINING; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 1100  words


The week of the Fourth of July is traditionally the time to break out the red,
white and ... green.

Nothing goes better on a hot summer day than a cool slice of sweet summer
splendor, also known as watermelon.

There are many theories on how to pick out a red, ripe, juicy watermelon.

Elmer Murray, 86, of Sunset Farm outside Burlington, who has been growing and
eating watermelons for quite a while, has some ideas on the matter.

"You can look at one and guess pretty close," he said. "The main thing is to
look for one that is kind of light on the bottom and with a stem that has
started to turn brown," he said. "If the stem is green, it's not quite ready."

He discounted the ability to tell ripeness by thumping a melon and then offered
his guaranteed method -- cut the melon.

Murray grew up on the family farm, established in 1903, and now three
generations work on it -- growing produce they sell at the Carrboro Farmers'
Market.

Elmer's son Gary also works with the Soil and Water Conservation Service and
Gary's son Chris will graduate with a master's in soil chemistry from N.C. State
this summer.

"You don't know if you've got a good one until you taste it," Gary Murray said.
"There are some signs to look for, but no guarantees."

Sunset Farm melons grow up to about 50 pounds, but the ones at the market are
usually smaller, 10- to 12-pound Crimson Sweets.

"They sell the best," Gary Murray said. "The average melon sells for about $3.
It depends on the size."

The Murrays love to eat the melons they grow, straight up, no salt. And no
yellow melons, either.

"Watermelons are supposed to be red," he said.

Kim Tart from Dunn was selling ice box watermelons for $3 at the State Farmers
Market recently.

"It's not too big," she said. "It's the right size to put in the refrigerator
and the right size for one or two people."

Tart likes salt on her watermelon, while her husband Charles thinks it kills the
taste.

As for finding a good one, Kim Tart said look for "the yellow bellies. The
thumping worked for my great-grandparents and grandparents, but I don't know
what to listen for."

Jeannie Moore from Meadow in Johnston County was selling seedless ice box melons
and larger Sentinels, in the 25-pound range.

"We sell about as many of one as the other," she said. The larger melons were
going for $4 and the smaller ones for $3.

"I like salt on mine," she said. "It makes it better, sweeter tasting."

Tracey Bates, health promotion nutritionist with the Durham County Health
Department, dispels the idea that watermelon is too sweet to be healthy.

"I consistently hear about watermelon being full of sugar, causing many to shun
this refreshing summertime treat," she said.

"Actually, watermelon is full of water, 92 percent to be exact, hence its name."

A cup of diced watermelon has only 46 calories with 11 grams of carbohydrate,
she pointed out, and close to 1 gram of fiber.

"Nutritionally speaking, it has the pluses of being fat free, saturated fat
free, cholesterol free and very low in sodium," Bates said.

It is also high in vitamin C and a good source of vitamin A. Red watermelons
have a high concentration of lycopene, the same antioxidant found in tomatoes
that is believed to reduce the risks of cancer and other diseases.

Bates said watermelon can be used in a variety of recipes, including some that
are spicy, such as salsa and pico de gallo.

"A combination of sweet taste of the fruit with salt or spicy additions makes a
nice flavor contrast," she said.

If you cut a watermelon in half and scoop out the meat to use in a recipe, there
is often plenty of juice left in the rind. A fun way to use the juice is to
freeze it into ice cubes to use in lemonade or fruit punch. Or, you can place
pieces of watermelon (without the seeds!) in a blender and puree, then place
mushed melon in a strainer to make juice.

While most people just cut watermelons into simple slices to serve,
artsy-craftsy folks may carve melons, creating fruit baskets or bowls.

If you hate to pick seeds while you eat (and don't want your guests spitting
them out), the simplest way to remove seeds is by cutting a melon into quarters
and then cutting the quarter-melon in about three or four wedges. Use a sharp
knife to cut lengthwise on the seed line and lift off a section of melon at a
time. Remove seeds by scraping lightly with a fork.

As with all fresh fruit, it is best to wash melons before cutting, and since
watermelons are served without cooking, wash your hands as well, before slicing.

WATERMELON INFO

The National Watermelon Promotion Board (www.watermelon.org) offers lots of
information on melons, including recipes. Here are a few tips gleaned from the
Web site on selecting a ripe, sweet melon.

*In picking out a whole watermelon, beauty counts. Look for a symmetrical
watermelon without soft spots, bruises, cuts or dents.

*When you pick up a ripe watermelon, it should feel heavy, since it is mostly
water. Turn it over and the underside should have a light yellow spot where it
touched the ground.

*What about yellow watermelons? Well, they are green on the outside and taste
the same as red watermelons on the inside, but the flesh is a golden yellow (and
nutritionally, they lack lycopene).

*Whole melons will keep for a week or more at room temperature, but they store
best at about 55 degrees. If they are stored too long, they lose flavor and turn
mushy, and the same thing happens if they are kept too cold. Do not freeze
watermelons.

*If you are buying cut-up pieces of watermelon, the meat should be a rich red
and it should feel firm. To store it, cover in plastic wrap and refrigerate or
store in a covered container.

Watermelon Smoothie

2 cups watermelon chunks, without seeds

1 cup cracked ice

1/2 cup plain yogurt

1 to 2 tablespoons sugar

1/2 teaspoon ground ginger

1/8 teaspoon almond extract

Combine all ingredients and blend until smooth. Serves two to three.

-- Recipe from the National Watermelon Promotion Board

Watermelon Dippers

8 ounces sour cream

4 tablespoons sugar

1 teaspoon vanilla extract

Watermelon sticks or small wedges, with seeds removed

Blend sour cream with sugar and vanilla in a small serving bowl and use as a dip
for watermelon pieces. Serves eight.

-- Recipe from the National Watermelon Promotion Board

Caribbean Watermelon Salsa

2 cups watermelon, chopped and seeded

1 cup fresh pineapple, chopped

1 cup onion, chopped

1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro

1/4 cup orange juice

1 or 2 tablespoons jerk seasoning or to taste

Combine all ingredients in large bowl and mix well. Refrigerate, covered, at
least one hour. Stir before serving. Serves eight.

-- Recipe from the National Watermelon Promotion Board

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THE HERALD-SUN | WALT UNKS For many people in the Triangle, nothing
relieves the summer heat quite like freshly cut watermelon. While some folks
like it with salt, others enjoy the sweet taste all by itself. Now is a good
time to buy the succulent fruit at roadside stands, at the State Farmers Market
in Raleigh or at other smaller markets, including those in Durham and
Carrboro.THE HERALD-SUN | WALT UNKS Gary Murray and his father Elmer Murray, 86,
of Sunset Farms in Burlington, work at the Carrboro Farmers' Market. Longtime
watermelon growers, the Murrays say the best way to test a watermelon is to
taste it.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 The Durham Herald Co.


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 66620 - 66621
[FR DOC # 2016-23319]

LENGTH: 1456  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Agricultural Marketing Service Submission for OMB
Review; Comment Request September 22, 2016. The Department of Agriculture will
submit the following information collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and
clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13 on or
after the date of publication of this notice. Comments are requested regarding
(1) whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper
performance of the functions of the agency, including whether the information
will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to
enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and
(4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who
are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology should be addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture,
Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget
(OMB), New Executive Office Building, Washington, DC; New Executive Office
Building, 725 17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20503. Commenters are encouraged
to submit their comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602. Comments
regarding these information collections are best assured of having their full
effect if received by October 28, 2016. Copies of the submission(s) may be
obtained by calling (202) 720-8681. An agency may not conduct or sponsor a
collection of information unless the collection of information displays a
currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs potential persons who
are to respond to the collection of information that such persons are not
required to respond to the collection of information unless it displays a
currently valid OMB control number. Agricultural Marketing Service Title: AMS
Grant Programs. OMB Control Number: 0581-0240. Summary of Collection: The
Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) recently consolidated its grant programs
into one Grants Division. Due to this organization merger, AMS is merging its
other three grant collections, 0581-0235 ``Farmers' Market Promotion Program,''
(FMPP); 0581-0248 ``Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP)--Farm Bill,''
0581-0287 ``Local Food Promotion Program,'' (LFPP); and a new program
``Specialty Crop Multi-state Program,'' into the renewal of 0581-0240 ``The
Federal-State Marketing Improvement Program.'' (FSMIP) This revised collection
will be retitled 0581-0240 ``AMS Grant Programs.'' All the grant programs are
authorized pursuant to the Agricultural Marketing Act (AMA) of 1946 (7 U.S.C.
1621, et. seq.) and the Farmer- to-Consumer Direct Marketing Act of 1976 (7
U.S.C. 3001) are implemented through the Uniform Administrative Requirements,
Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards (Super Circular) (2
CFR 200). Need and Use of the Information: The grants authorized by the FMPP are
targeted to help improve and expand domestic farmers' markets, roadside stands,
community-supported agriculture programs, agri-tourism activities, and other
direct producer-to-consumer marketing opportunities. Grants authorized under
LFPP support the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises to increase domestic consumption of, and access to locally and
regionally produced agricultural products, and to develop new market
opportunities for farm and ranch operations serving local markets. The SCBGP
works to increase the competitiveness of specialty crops. The SCMP competitively
award funds to State departments of agriculture to solely enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops by funding collaborative, multi- state
projects that address regional or national level specialty crop issues. FSMIP
provides matching funds on a competitive basis to assist eligible entities in
exploring new market opportunities and to encourage research and innovation
aimed at improving the efficiency and performance of the marketing system. The
information collection requirements in this request are needed to implement the
grant programs. The information will be used by AMS to establish the entity's
eligibility for participation, the suitability of the budget for the proposed
project, and compliance with applicable Federal regulations. Description of
Respondents: State, Local or Tribal Government. Number of Respondents: 1,866.
Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Annually; Semi-annually. Total Burden Hours:
51,820. Agricultural Marketing Service Title: Specialty Crops Market News
Reports. OMB Control Number: 0581-0006. Summary of Collection: Section 203(g) of
the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621) directs and authorizes
the collection of information and disseminating of marketing information
including adequate outlook information on a market-area basis for the purpose of
anticipating and meeting consumer requirements, aiding in the maintenance of
farm income and bring about balance between production and utilization of
agriculture products. Market News provides all interested segments of the market
chain with market information tends to equalize the competitive position of all
market participants. The fruit and vegetable industries, through their
organizations, or government agencies present formal requests that the
Department of Agriculture issue daily, weekly, semi-monthly, or monthly market
news reports on various aspects of the industry. This renewal submission
reflects a name change to the Program. A notice to trade was posted September
16, 2015, indicating the Program name be changed from Fruit and Vegetable
Program to Specialty Crops Program. Need and Use of the Information: AMS will
collect market information on [[Page 66621]] some 411 specialty crops for prices
and supply. The production of Market News reports that are then available to the
industry and other interested parties in various formats. Information is
provided on a voluntary basis and collected in person through face-to-face
interviews and by confidential telephone throughout the country by market
reporters. The absence of these data would deny primary and secondary users
information that otherwise would be available to aid them in their production,
marketing decisions, analyses, research and knowledge of current market
conditions. The omission of these data could adversely affect prices, supply,
and demand. Description of Respondents: Farms; Business or other for-profit.
Number of Respondents: 4,359. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Daily; Weekly;
Monthly. Total Burden Hours: 84,155. Agricultural Marketing Service Title:
Reporting and Recordkeeping Requirements under Regulations (Other than Rules of
Practice) Under the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act, 1930. OMB Control
Number: 0581-0031. Summary of Collection: The Perishable Agricultural
Commodities Act (PACA) (7 U.S.C. 499a-499t) and 7 CFR part 46, establishes a
code of fair trading practices covering the marketing of fresh and frozen fruits
and vegetables in interstate or foreign commerce. It protects growers, shippers
and distributors by prohibiting unfair practices. PACA requires nearly all
persons who operate as commission merchants, dealers and brokers buying or
selling fruit and or vegetables in interstate or foreign commerce to be
licensed. The license for retailers and grocery wholesalers is effective for
three years and for all other licensees up to three years, unless withdrawn.
Need and Use of the Information: Using various forms and business records, AMS
will collect information from the applicant to administer licensing provisions
under the Act, to adjudicate contract disputes, and for the purpose of enforcing
the PACA and its regulations. If this information were unavailable, it would be
impossible to identify and regulate the individuals or firms that are restricted
due to sanctions imposed because of the reparation or administrative actions.
Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Farms. Number of
Respondents: 13,543. Frequency of Responses: Recordkeeping; Reporting: On
occasion. Total Burden Hours: 87,406. Charlene Parker, Departmental Information
Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-23319 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-02-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 66620 - 66621
[FR DOC # 2016-23319]

LENGTH: 1456  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Agricultural Marketing Service Submission for OMB
Review; Comment Request September 22, 2016. The Department of Agriculture will
submit the following information collection requirement(s) to OMB for review and
clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13 on or
after the date of publication of this notice. Comments are requested regarding
(1) whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper
performance of the functions of the agency, including whether the information
will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden
including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to
enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the information to be collected; and
(4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information on those who
are to respond, including through the use of appropriate automated, electronic,
mechanical, or other technological collection techniques or other forms of
information technology should be addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture,
Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget
(OMB), New Executive Office Building, Washington, DC; New Executive Office
Building, 725 17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20503. Commenters are encouraged
to submit their comments to OMB via email to:

OIRA_Submission@omb.eop.gov or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602. Comments
regarding these information collections are best assured of having their full
effect if received by October 28, 2016. Copies of the submission(s) may be
obtained by calling (202) 720-8681. An agency may not conduct or sponsor a
collection of information unless the collection of information displays a
currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs potential persons who
are to respond to the collection of information that such persons are not
required to respond to the collection of information unless it displays a
currently valid OMB control number. Agricultural Marketing Service Title: AMS
Grant Programs. OMB Control Number: 0581-0240. Summary of Collection: The
Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) recently consolidated its grant programs
into one Grants Division. Due to this organization merger, AMS is merging its
other three grant collections, 0581-0235 ``Farmers' Market Promotion Program,''
(FMPP); 0581-0248 ``Specialty Crop Block Grant Program (SCBGP)--Farm Bill,''
0581-0287 ``Local Food Promotion Program,'' (LFPP); and a new program
``Specialty Crop Multi-state Program,'' into the renewal of 0581-0240 ``The
Federal-State Marketing Improvement Program.'' (FSMIP) This revised collection
will be retitled 0581-0240 ``AMS Grant Programs.'' All the grant programs are
authorized pursuant to the Agricultural Marketing Act (AMA) of 1946 (7 U.S.C.
1621, et. seq.) and the Farmer- to-Consumer Direct Marketing Act of 1976 (7
U.S.C. 3001) are implemented through the Uniform Administrative Requirements,
Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards (Super Circular) (2
CFR 200). Need and Use of the Information: The grants authorized by the FMPP are
targeted to help improve and expand domestic farmers' markets, roadside stands,
community-supported agriculture programs, agri-tourism activities, and other
direct producer-to-consumer marketing opportunities. Grants authorized under
LFPP support the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises to increase domestic consumption of, and access to locally and
regionally produced agricultural products, and to develop new market
opportunities for farm and ranch operations serving local markets. The SCBGP
works to increase the competitiveness of specialty crops. The SCMP competitively
award funds to State departments of agriculture to solely enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops by funding collaborative, multi- state
projects that address regional or national level specialty crop issues. FSMIP
provides matching funds on a competitive basis to assist eligible entities in
exploring new market opportunities and to encourage research and innovation
aimed at improving the efficiency and performance of the marketing system. The
information collection requirements in this request are needed to implement the
grant programs. The information will be used by AMS to establish the entity's
eligibility for participation, the suitability of the budget for the proposed
project, and compliance with applicable Federal regulations. Description of
Respondents: State, Local or Tribal Government. Number of Respondents: 1,866.
Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Annually; Semi-annually. Total Burden Hours:
51,820. Agricultural Marketing Service Title: Specialty Crops Market News
Reports. OMB Control Number: 0581-0006. Summary of Collection: Section 203(g) of
the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 (7 U.S.C. 1621) directs and authorizes
the collection of information and disseminating of marketing information
including adequate outlook information on a market-area basis for the purpose of
anticipating and meeting consumer requirements, aiding in the maintenance of
farm income and bring about balance between production and utilization of
agriculture products. Market News provides all interested segments of the market
chain with market information tends to equalize the competitive position of all
market participants. The fruit and vegetable industries, through their
organizations, or government agencies present formal requests that the
Department of Agriculture issue daily, weekly, semi-monthly, or monthly market
news reports on various aspects of the industry. This renewal submission
reflects a name change to the Program. A notice to trade was posted September
16, 2015, indicating the Program name be changed from Fruit and Vegetable
Program to Specialty Crops Program. Need and Use of the Information: AMS will
collect market information on [[Page 66621]] some 411 specialty crops for prices
and supply. The production of Market News reports that are then available to the
industry and other interested parties in various formats. Information is
provided on a voluntary basis and collected in person through face-to-face
interviews and by confidential telephone throughout the country by market
reporters. The absence of these data would deny primary and secondary users
information that otherwise would be available to aid them in their production,
marketing decisions, analyses, research and knowledge of current market
conditions. The omission of these data could adversely affect prices, supply,
and demand. Description of Respondents: Farms; Business or other for-profit.
Number of Respondents: 4,359. Frequency of Responses: Reporting: Daily; Weekly;
Monthly. Total Burden Hours: 84,155. Agricultural Marketing Service Title:
Reporting and Recordkeeping Requirements under Regulations (Other than Rules of
Practice) Under the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act, 1930. OMB Control
Number: 0581-0031. Summary of Collection: The Perishable Agricultural
Commodities Act (PACA) (7 U.S.C. 499a-499t) and 7 CFR part 46, establishes a
code of fair trading practices covering the marketing of fresh and frozen fruits
and vegetables in interstate or foreign commerce. It protects growers, shippers
and distributors by prohibiting unfair practices. PACA requires nearly all
persons who operate as commission merchants, dealers and brokers buying or
selling fruit and or vegetables in interstate or foreign commerce to be
licensed. The license for retailers and grocery wholesalers is effective for
three years and for all other licensees up to three years, unless withdrawn.
Need and Use of the Information: Using various forms and business records, AMS
will collect information from the applicant to administer licensing provisions
under the Act, to adjudicate contract disputes, and for the purpose of enforcing
the PACA and its regulations. If this information were unavailable, it would be
impossible to identify and regulate the individuals or firms that are restricted
due to sanctions imposed because of the reparation or administrative actions.
Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Farms. Number of
Respondents: 13,543. Frequency of Responses: Recordkeeping; Reporting: On
occasion. Total Burden Hours: 87,406. Charlene Parker, Departmental Information
Collection Clearance Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-23319 Filed 9-27-16; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-02-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Stourbridge News

                            December 12, 2008 Friday

Farmers markets to continue

BYLINE: Bev Holder

SECTION: ROUND-UP (STOURB NEWS ROUNDUP)

LENGTH: 271 words


STOURBRIDGE'S popular farmers market will continue in the town in the New Year
now a new operator has been found.

The market had proved a big hit in the town since it was introduced six years
ago by Stourbridge based company LSD Promotions.

But with changes afoot in the Crown Centre - close to LSD's market plot - the
firm decided to call it a day in Stourbridge.

Dudley Council, however, has now managed to attract the UK's leading market
operator Sketts & Co to run the market in 2009.

Starting next February, the markets will take place in Coventry Street near the
town clock on the third Saturday of every month.

Stourbridge councillor Malcolm Knowles, Dudley's cabinet member for
regeneration, said: "I am sure this news will be welcomed by shoppers and
traders alike in Stourbridge town centre.

"The farmers market has always proved very popular in the town and I am pleased
we have attracted a company of Sketts' standing to come in and provide a top
quality market for the town."

Mark Skett, senior partner at Sketts & Co, said: "We look forward to coming to
Stourbridge in the New Year to run the farmers market. Such events in the town
have been popular in the past and we intend to build on this success.

"Producing and maintaining a genuine farmers market is difficult to achieve,
especially in the current climate but we are confident we can rise to the
challenge."

Sketts & Co, which-opened the first farmers market in the country in
Stratford-Upon-Avon in 1999, has submitted a street trading application to the
council, which will be heard at a hearing of the council's licensing committee
in the week beginning January 26.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Wellington Weekly News

                           August 30, 2006 Wednesday

Nice thought, shame about the date

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 323 words


We were pleased to read your article about the proposed Wellington Food Town
bid.  As local food producers, we have welcomed this exciting new initiative. We
hope to play an active part in it, and attended the initial project meeting at
Bindon House Hotel.

However, we were disappointed to discover that the initial showcase, the
Wellington Food Expo, has been planned for the same day as the regular and
highly successful Wellington Farmers' Market - Saturday October 21.

We shall find it difficult to attend both events at the same time, and feel our
loyalties lie with all our regular customers at the farmers' market, and with
the committee members who work so hard to ensure its continuing success.

At the same time, we greatly regret being unable to be present in the Food Expo
marquee, and being unable to enjoy the benefits that additional publicity and
promotion would bring to a small business such as ours.

The initial Wellington Food Town Newsletter admits that the project will only
succeed "if it is owned and run by the people who it most affects, and have most
to benefit".  It seems a particularly perverse way of including local food
producers, when such a popular and successful local food initiative as the
farmers' market is ignored in this way, and its views not consulted as to a
suitable date for the first Food Expo.

It is not an auspicious start to this ambitious venture, which will require the
ongoing support of all local food producers, as well as those hundreds of local
shoppers who regularly support the farmers' market, if it is to be a continuing
success.

We understand that, further to a meeting between Wellington Farmers' Market
committee members and the Wellington Food Town organisers, attempts may be made
to consider a different date for the Food Expo.  We sincerely hope a
satisfactory decision can be made to suit all parties, and that we can all move
forward together to make a success of the project.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Wellington Weekly News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Wellington Weekly News

                           August 30, 2006 Wednesday

Nice thought, shame about the date

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 323 words


We were pleased to read your article about the proposed Wellington Food Town
bid.  As local food producers, we have welcomed this exciting new initiative. We
hope to play an active part in it, and attended the initial project meeting at
Bindon House Hotel.

However, we were disappointed to discover that the initial showcase, the
Wellington Food Expo, has been planned for the same day as the regular and
highly successful Wellington Farmers' Market - Saturday October 21.

We shall find it difficult to attend both events at the same time, and feel our
loyalties lie with all our regular customers at the farmers' market, and with
the committee members who work so hard to ensure its continuing success.

At the same time, we greatly regret being unable to be present in the Food Expo
marquee, and being unable to enjoy the benefits that additional publicity and
promotion would bring to a small business such as ours.

The initial Wellington Food Town Newsletter admits that the project will only
succeed "if it is owned and run by the people who it most affects, and have most
to benefit".  It seems a particularly perverse way of including local food
producers, when such a popular and successful local food initiative as the
farmers' market is ignored in this way, and its views not consulted as to a
suitable date for the first Food Expo.

It is not an auspicious start to this ambitious venture, which will require the
ongoing support of all local food producers, as well as those hundreds of local
shoppers who regularly support the farmers' market, if it is to be a continuing
success.

We understand that, further to a meeting between Wellington Farmers' Market
committee members and the Wellington Food Town organisers, attempts may be made
to consider a different date for the Food Expo.  We sincerely hope a
satisfactory decision can be made to suit all parties, and that we can all move
forward together to make a success of the project.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Wellington Weekly News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            April 21, 2010 Wednesday

Farmers' market to launch program

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 335  words


Common Food Currency: Starting in May, there will be an easier way for
low-income families to shop at Carrboro Farmers' Market.

The market is launching a new program May 1 in which shoppers can use credit and
debit cards as well as federal assistance programs to buy wood tokens the market
is calling "Truck Bucks," which can then be spent like cash throughout the
market.

As an additional incentive to low-income shoppers, the market also will offer a
limited "Market Match" coupon program that doubles the value of Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program benefits. Those who spend up to $20 of their SNAP
benefits will be matched with $20 free Truck Bucks until supplies last.

The program was started with the help of Leaflight's 21st Century Farmers'
Market Program, RAFI-USA's Tobacco Reinvestment Grant, as well as UNC Chapel
Hill's Center for Health Promotion and Disease Prevention team and marketing
firm The Splinter Group.

For information, call (919) 280-3326 or go to www.carrborofarmersmarket.com.

nnn

Discount: Hhgregg is offering an additional 30 percent off Energy Star
appliances Thursday through Saturday.

That is in addition to the 15 percent state rebate in place this week. Hhgregg
stores will open at 6 a.m. on Thursday.

More than 430 retailers statewide will be participating in the Energy Star
rebate program this week to provide shoppers with a 15 percent rebate when they
buy Energy Star-rated refrigerators, freezers, clothes washers or dishwashing
machines.

The annual program will begin on Earth Day on Thursday and run through Sunday.

National electronics retailers Best Buy, Home Depot, Lowe's, Sears and hhgregg
will be participating, as will The Appliance Center in Durham and KitchenBath
Galleries in Chapel Hill.

For the full list of participating retailers, go to the state Energy Office's
Web site at www.energync.net and click on the "Get the Facts" button.

What's the Buzz? Call Business Writer Monica Chen at (919) 419-6636, send a fax
to (919) 419-6889 or e-mail mchen@heraldsun.com

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Durham Herald Co.


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                            February 27, 2006 Monday

Success takes farmers back to the marketplace

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 470 words


A farmers' market is one in which farmers, growers or producers from a specific
area are present in person to sell their own produce, direct to the public. All
food or drink sold should have been grown, reared, caught, brewed, pickled,
baked, smoked or processed by the stallholder.

What is the difference between these markets and any other?

The public can be confident of the origins of the foods, ask questions and get
closer to the source of local foods.

The producers get valuable feedback from customers. Farmers' markets are for all
kinds of food and drink producers and offer a good test pad and low-cost entry
point for many farmers who have not sold direct to consumers before. Farmers'
markets have become the British farming industry's most high-profile
shop-window.

Markets that are members of the National Farmers' Retail & Markets Association
(FARMA) agree to uphold the recommended criteria for farmers' markets.  There is
a certification scheme to independently verify market standards, and genuine
farmers' markets that meet these criteria can use the distinctive FARMA logo.
These criteria include strict definitions of the produce that can be sold at
farmers' markets, and usually a limit on the distance that any producer can
travel to these markets - usually they should be from an area within a 30-mile
radius of the market.

Why start a farmers market? Well the benefits include the self-help it will
provide for small farmers, making local foods available, reducing environmental
impacts by reducing food miles,   boosting other retailers who benefit from
having a farmers' market nearby, and helping tourism.

But there are some important factors to consider. What is the potential and if
there are other farmers' markets in the vicinity, will there be a demand? The
cost of a stall needs to cover expenses, including insurance and promotion.

Of course location is everything in retailing, so research potential sites
carefully, think about parking, access and cash machines. It is also worth
working with other farmers' markets in the area.  For monthly markets there may
be an opportunity to work with others, creating a circuit so that shoppers can
use a different market each week.

The popularity of farmers' markets has taken the farming industry and food
promoting organisations by surprise. Consider that the first was started in Bath
in 1997 and that there are now more than 400  in England and comparable numbers
in Scotland and Wales. In 2002, the National Farmers' Union estimated that these
markets were generating £166 million in additional income for Britain's farmers.

The popularity of these markets in the Westcountry was endorsed by the quality
and number of entries for last year's Devon and Cornwall Farmers Market
competition, which was won by Crediton with Lostwithiel a close runner up.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Record (Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario)

                             May 27, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Residents believe region should take up the reins

BYLINE: KEVIN SWAYZE, RECORD STAFF

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 990  words


It may not be the most important issue on their minds, but people are willing to
think regionally when it comes to tourism, a poll conducted for The Record
indicates.

Tourism promotion is a fractured responsibility in the region, taken on by a
number of bodies with funding from local municipal governments and businesses.

Asked who should provide the service, half the respondents in a
Record/Ipsos-Reid poll pointed to the regional government, even though it's
currently the administration least involved with attracting visitors.

Confusion over who provides tourism services prompts people to think the region
does the job, said Darrell Bricker, president of public affairs for Ipsos-Reid
in Canada.

"It's logical in the minds of the public," he said.

"People think it's the region, even though the region isn't doing it. I think
that's the irony of it."

Cambridge residents have the best handle on who provides tourism services, with
48 per cent knowing the city is heavily involved. City support helps keep a
large visitor centre at Highway 401 and Hespeler Road open year-round.

Cambridge residents were also the least likely to support a regional takeover of
visitor services.

Only 33 per cent back the idea.

Kitchener and Waterloo residents were less informed about who provides tourism
services, with 38 and 36 per cent respectively saying local governments are
responsible.

Of Kitchener and Waterloo residents, 40 per cent thought the region paid for it.

As for the public perception about the quality of service, Bricker said, "It's a
little difficult to interpret.''

"People seem to think it's OK"

The poll points to "a sort of a polite acceptance" of the status quo, he said.

Herb Wendling of Waterloo thinks the area needs more promotion and centres to
welcome visitors.

"You've got to get out and sell it more," Wendling said as crowds moved through
RIM Park yesterday for the annual Waterloo Region and Area Quilt Festival.

A decade ago, he helped bring a Canadian Union of Public Employees conference to
Kitchener. Delegates had trouble finding information on what to do in their
spare time.

Regional government should have the job of paying for tourism promotion of the
whole area, he said, in co-operation with the tourist industry.

Bob McLellan, who moved from St. John's, Nfld., to Waterloo five years ago,
wonders why Ontario doesn't push areas like Waterloo Region on a national stage.
Before moving here, he could find no information about this area. Better
promotion locally is needed, he said.

"Absolutely. Show it off."

Waterloo Region is on the minds of some people in Markham, where Ann Reesor
lives.

"Yes, I would say so. I've got family and neighbours who come down to the St.
Jacobs farmers market," she said.

Municipal talks aimed at creating a more unified voice for tourism in Waterloo
Region are expected to continue this spring.

THE RECORD IPSOS REID POLL

METHODOLOGY

Conducted by national polling firm Ipsos Reid.

Random sample of 1,300 residents of Waterloo Region.

Of that sample, 350 were from Cambridge, 350 from Waterloo, 400 from Kitchener
and 200 from the rural townships.

Overall margin of error for the sample is plus or minus 2.7 percentage points,
19 times out of 20.

The margin of error is greater for the separate cities because of smaller sample
sizes. The margin of error is 5.2 percentage points in Cambridge and Waterloo,
4.9 percentage points in Kitchener and 6.9 percentage points in the townships.

SUPPORT FOR SINGLE LEVEL OF GOVERNMENT PROVIDING TOURISM

Would you strongly support, somewhat support, somewhat oppose, strongly oppose a
single level government to administer tourism?

Dark Blue - Strongly support

Green - Somewhat support

Pink - Somewhat oppose

Light Blue - Strongly oppose

Orange - Don't know

TOTAL

Dark Blue - 37%

Green - 42%

Pink - 8%

Light Blue - 5%

Orange - 8%

CAMBRIDGE

Dark Blue - 28%

Green - 45%

Pink - 12%

Light Blue - 9%

Orange - 6%

KITCHENER

Dark Blue - 42%

Green - 41%

Pink - 6%

Light Blue - 4%

Orange - 8%

WATERLOO

Dark Blue - 44%

Green - 42%

Pink - 6%

Light Blue - 3%

Orange - 6%

TOWNSHIPS

Dark Blue - 32%

Green - 41%

Pink - 7%

Light Blue - 7%

Orange - 13%

RATING OF SERVICES: SECOND TIER SERVICES - TOURISM

TOTAL

Excellent - 6%

Very Good - 19%

Good - 43%

Fair - 13%

Poor - 6%

Very Poor - 2%

CAMBRIDGE

Excellent - 6%

Very Good - 17 %

Good - 42%

Fair - 13%

Poor - 8%

Very Poor - 2%

KITCHENER

Excellent - 7%

Very Good - 18%

Good - 43%

Fair - 14%

Poor - 6%

Very Poor - 1%

WATERLOO

Excellent - 5%

Very Good - 23%

Good - 44%

Fair - 12%

Poor - 6%

Very Poor - 2%

RURAL TOWNSHIPS

Excellent - 6%

Very Good - 18%

Good - 44%

Fair - 11%

Poor - 5%

Very Poor - 2%

PROVIDING SERVICES VS. EXPECTATIONS - TOURISM

Please tell us which level of local government you think currently provides this
service . . .

And which level of local government do you think should provide this service . .
.

Purple - Municipal government

Yellow - Regional government

Who provides

Purple - 40%

Yellow - 38%

Who should provide

Purple - 33%

Yellow - 50%

TOURISM - CURRENT

TOTAL

The municipal government - 40%

The regional government - 38%

Both - 7%

Don't know - 14%

CAMBRIDGE

The municipal government - 48%

The regional government - 33%

Both - 4%

Don't know - 14%

KITCHENER

The municipal government - 38%

The regional government - 40%

Both - 8%

Don't know - 13%

WATERLOO

The municipal government - 36%

The regional government - 40%

Both - 9%

Don't know - 13%

RURAL TOWNSHIPS

The municipal government - 35%

The regional government - 35%

Both - 8%

Don't know - 17%

TOURISM - SHOULD

TOTAL

The municipal government - 33%

The regional government - 50%

Combination of the two - 8%

Don't know - 7%

CAMBRIDGE

The municipal government - 42%

The regional government - 42%

Combination of the two - 6%

Don't know - 9%

KITCHENER

The municipal government - 29%

The regional government - 55%

Combination of the two - 9%

Don't know - 6%

WATERLOO

The municipal government - 31%

The regional government - 52%

Combination of the two - 10%

Don't know - 6%

RURAL TOWNSHIPS

The municipal government - 33%

The regional government - 46%

Combination of the two - 9%

Don't know - 9%

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: SMART CITY A series exploring municipal reform opportunities

GRAPHIC: Photo: RECORD STAFF , "You've got to get out and sell it more,"
Waterloo's Herb Wendling says of local tourism efforts.; Photo: RECORD STAFF ,
Ann Reesor, of Markham, says Waterloo Region's farmers markets are a big pull
for people from the Toronto area.; Photo: RECORD STAFF , Bob McClelland could
find very little information about Waterloo Region before moving here five years
ago.; Graphic: SUPPORT FOR SINGLE LEVEL OF GOVERNMENT PROVIDING TOURISM;
Graphic: RATING OF SERVICES: SECOND TIER SERVICES - TOURISM; Graphic: PROVIDING
SERVICES VS. EXPECTATIONS - TOURISM

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SERIES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Stock Journal

                            March 22, 2012 Thursday

Rush of support for farmers' markets

BYLINE: ANDREW MARSHALL

SECTION: EGN; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 389 words


AUSTRALIA'S fledgling farmers market movement might not seem much of a player
compared to the shopping power of today's supermarket giants, but surging
support for community produce markets indicates they have struck a chord with
consumers.

Even property developers are looking at how to include farmers market venues in
new shopping precincts or urban planning projects, says national representative
on the Australian Farmers Markets Association, Jane Adams.

New research by ABARES has found that 44 per cent of the 160-plus weekly or
monthly farmers markets across Australia service a population of almost 50,000
customers.

In capital cities, which host a third of Australia's farmers markets, the total
customer base is about 100,000.

Almost 70pc of markets nation-wide are reporting rising stall holder numbers and
64pc of stall holders report rising customer numbers.

Most importantly, Ms Adams said 97pc of stall operators see these markets as a
sustainable long-term opportunity to sell their product direct to consumers.

Given that 50 cents in every food dollar spent in Australia goes into a cash
register at a Coles or Woolworths supermarket, she said the past decade's
emergence of farmers markets as a food sales alternative to the super powers was
significant.

"This is a grassroots good story," Ms Adams said. "There's increasing evidence
that consumers continue to hold positive attitudes about local products and like
the direct contact and learning opportunities that come with dealing with
producers.

"Producers also want alternative marketing channels."

She said inner Sydney's Eveleigh market, held for just five hours, drew 3500 to
6000 shoppers every Saturday to its 70-plus stalls, with some producers, notably
meat suppliers, turning over thousands of dollars each hour.

According to the Victorian Farmers Markets Association the economic impact from
97 markets was estimated in 2010 at almost $230 million, compared with a
national turnover of just $40m six years earlier.

The farmers markets concept had proven so successful that supermarkets were
attempting to mimic the fresh produce selling format and grower ties in their
store presentations and advertising.

A whole new grower-to-customer marketplace had also evolved on the Internet,
built largely on relationships and promotion success established at farmers
markets.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 2, 2010 Monday

National Farmers Market Week marked in V.I.

BYLINE: Joy Blackburn, The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 643 words


Aug. 02--The V.I. Agriculture Department is celebrating National Farmers Market
Week this week by showcasing fresh locally grown produce and meat in special
farmers markets across the territory -- and rededicating a renovated vegetable
market in Frederiksted.

"We expect to have a good complement of products for the community," Agriculture
Commissioner Louis Petersen said.

National Farmers Market week runs from Sunday to Saturday.

Agriculture has planned special farmers markets on St. Croix and St. John on
Friday and on St. Thomas Saturday. The St. Croix farmers market will begin with
a rededication ceremony for the Ann E. Heyliger Vegetable Market in
Frederiksted.

"As the result of these activities, I hope that farmers realize increased
revenue, as well as broaden their customer base," Petersen said. "There will be
lots of fresh produce, all locally grown -- produce and meat, actually."

Agriculture expects the items on sale to include mangoes, collard greens, sweet
potatoes, carrots, lettuce, tomatoes, bell peppers, eggplant, pumpkin,
breadfruit, carambola, bananas, plaintains, and papaya, along with goat, lamb,
chicken, pork, eggs and honey, Petersen said.

Statistics from the U.S. Department of Agriculture indicate that farmers markets
may be gaining popularity across the nation.

USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service publishes a list of known farmers markets
across the nation. The number of markets in that listing has tripled between
1994 and 2009, from 1,755 to 5,274. USDA will be announcing 2010 numbers this
week.

While National Farmers Market Week has been observed for 11 years, this is only
the second year that the V.I. Agriculture Department has promoted it, Petersen
said. Last year, Agriculture did a smaller-scale promotion on the radio, talking
about why farmers markets are important and why local residents should support
them, Petersen said.

"This year, we're stepping it up some," he said. "It's about networking between
farmers and the community."

Besides offering fresh and nutritious products, farmers markets in the territory
offer wares that have additional benefits.

"Based on how farmers produce here in the territory, we're talking about very
little -- or even the absence of -- pesticides. But also, this kind of
networking or activity grows our economy," Petersen said.

Agriculture, the V.I. Public Works Department, the Governor's Office and the
V.I. Department of Planning and Natural Resource's Office of Historic
Preservation worked together to get the vegetable market in Frederiksted
renovated, a $140,000 project funded through the Office of Historic
Preservation, Petersen said.

The newly renovated market will be rededicated as the National Farmers Market
week event on St. Croix begins, at 9 a.m. Friday. The farmers market is
scheduled to run until 3 p.m.

On St. John, the farmers market is scheduled to run from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Friday
at Cruz Bay Park.

On St. Thomas, the farmers market is scheduled to run from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. Aug.
7 at Agriculture's abattoir in Nadir.

Although the deadline for farmers to sign up to participate in the markets has
passed, Petersen said that his department will try to accommodate farmers who
are interested in participating, depending on whether space is still available
on their island.

For more information, call 778-0998 on St. Croix; 774-5182 on St. Thomas; and
776-6274 on St. John.

To see more of The Virgin Islands Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.virginislandsdailynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Virgin
Islands Daily News, St. Thomas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com,
e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United
States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100802-1VI-National-Farmers-Market-Week-marked-in-V-I-20100802

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VI


                  Copyright 2010 The Virgin Islands Daily News


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

DuPage County in 60 seconds

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 340 words


Preschool lab program:

The child development classes of West Chicago Community High School are seeking
children to enroll in a preschool lab program from Nov. 2 through 19. Eligible
children must be between 2 1/2 and 5 years old and close to being potty trained.
Applications are available at www.d94.org/preschool. The fall program is run by
eight to 10 high school students under the supervision of their classroom
teacher. Two sessions are scheduled: 9:50 to 11:40 a.m. Tuesdays, Wednesdays and
Thursdays; and 12:15 to 2:05 p.m. Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays.
Parents/caregivers and child should be available for an orientation session from
2:15 to 2:45 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 29. The cost is $60 for the three-week program,
and fees are nonrefundable. For details, write preschool teacher Jannele Murphy
at jmurphy@94.org or call (630) 876-6377.

Family Services Day:

Warrenville Mayor David Brummel has proclaimed Friday, Nov. 6, as Warrenville
Youth & Family Services Day in recognition of the resource center's more than 30
years of service to the greater Warrenville area. The day coincides with WYFS's
annual fall dinner. Warrenville Youth & Family Services was started in 1984 as a
multipurpose community service agency with the goal of restoring hope and
providing opportunities. WYFS offers youth development programs through Quest
and Link mentoring, and family stabilization services through counseling, case
management and the Hispanic Outreach Program. For details, visit
outreachcommin.org/wyfs.

Grant for farmers market:

Aurora's Farmers Market has received a $99,965 grant through the U.S. Department
of Agriculture's Farmers Market Promotion Program. The city's grant proposal
included creating a bilingual information resource to boost the number of
vendors and shoppers; increasing outreach to low-income, high-obesity
neighborhoods; working with Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program agencies
to create tutorials on how shop with SNAP at the Farmers Market; and
implementing a promotional campaign to drive attendance.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

Meal program at Webb City market to be cited as USDA 'success story't

BYLINE: Mike Pound, The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 463 words


Aug. 26--WEBB CITY, Mo. -- The Webb City Farmers Market continues to attract
national attention.

Market officials learned late last week that its Free Kids Summer Meal program
will be highlighted as one of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's "success
stories."

Tammy Fredrickson, president of the market's board of directors, said the USDA
will use the market's free kids meal program as a model for other markets to
look to in the future.

"What a great thing for the USDA," Fredrickson said. "Not only are we feeding
kids, but we're promoting our local growers and the importance of fresh and
healthy produce."

The meal program at the market, which just ended for the summer with the opening
of area schools, began in the summer of 2015.

The kids meal is funded by the USDA's Food and Nutrition Service program, which
is the same agency that provides money for free and reduced-price school lunch
programs. The Webb City Farmers Market lunch program is administered by the
Missouri Department of Health. Fredrickson said Webb City Farmers Market is the
only market in the state of Missouri that offers the free kids meal in the
summer. It's hoped, she said, that with the USDA's promotion, other farmers
markets will consider offering their own summer meal programs.

In addition to the USDA's recognition, the market's meal program will also be
featured as one of three "model programs" in the annual guide put out by the
Food Research Action Council based in Washington, D.C. The council is a
nonprofit agency that works with the USDA to promote and advocate free summer
meal programs for children.

Story continues below video

This the second time in less than a month that the Webb City Farmers Market has
garnered national attention. Earlier this month, it was announced that the
market had been named by Southern Living Magazine as one of its top 50 farmers
markets.

Fredrickson said Webb City was one of the smallest towns to have a farmers
market make to top 50 list.

"It's kind of neat that little old Webb City has something to rival those other
big cities," she said.

Fredrickson said that as nice as it is for the market to receive national
acclaim, the most important thing to her is that it is appreciated locally.

"On the local level, people just love it (the market)," she said. "And it all
stems from the people in this community who support what we do."

By the numbers

When the meal program started, Webb City market officials planned on serving 75
meals a day, but that number quickly grew. This summer the market served more
than 200 meals a day for area children and a total of about 3,800 meals were
served for the entire summer.

___ (c)2016 The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.) Visit The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.)
at www.joplinglobe.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160826-JL-Meal-program-at-Webb-City-market-to-be-cited-as-USDA-success-story-t
-0826-20160826

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2016 The Joplin Globe


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Enid News & Eagle (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 8, 2011 Tuesday

Organizers are fine-tuning Enid Farmers Market with high hopes for third season

BYLINE: Robert Barron, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 492 words


March 08--ENID  Enid Farmers Market volunteers are preparing for their third
season, and director Corey Groendyke thinks that means it's here to stay.

"We're taking all the information we got during the last two seasons and will
fine-tune it for this year," Groendyke said.

Events like Greenid, Hometown Heroes and Dog Days of Summer will be held again,
but may be aimed toward a larger demographic than before. Board members are also
considering adding a Harvest Festival on Oct. 1, the last day of the market.

Enid Farmers Market will start May 7 and end Oct. 1.

During the past two years, organizers have learned which types of promotions did
not work and plan to eliminate those that did not meet expectations. Some events
keyed to a specific item, like tomato or pumpkin, have been eliminated because
Oklahoma weather is too uncertain.

"Last year we got tons of rain that knocked out the pumpkin crop and tomatoes
have been uncertain the last two years," Groendyke said.

This year they are fine-tuning the market. Some vendors also are expanding their
businesses and growing more crops or irrigating to raise more for a longer
duration. Some are expanding their product line to baked or canned foods.
Groendyke said some of the businesses also sell products in the off-season.

"The consistent players will be there, they are sort of our anchor stores, but
we have a very large interest base beyond those," she said.

There are no new rules for vendors. The application fee is the smallest in the
state, as well as the daily commission, and Groendyke said the market wants all
of its vendors to be as successful as possible.

The vendor's fee is $20 for the application and 5 percent of total daily sales.
Vendors may come and go as they wish with prior notification. They can miss a
week and return the next. All fees go directly to marketing the farmers market.

The market also is expanding its novelty area where T-shirts, sweatshirts,
hoodies and the popular Enid Farmers Market shopping bags are sold. This year,
Enid Convention and Visitors Bureau has committed to help promote the farmers
market statewide. It also will focus on individual vendors to market them
statewide.

"It helps with the draw for people to come to Enid from other areas," Groendyke
said. "Everyone is reinvigorated this year and ready to hit the ground running.
We're looking forward to season 3 and we have definitely proven ourselves to the
community. I think everyone knows we're not going away."

Applications recently were sent out, but if anyone wants additional information
or to apply as a vendor they can e-mail enidfarm ersmarket@gmail.com

To see more of the Enid News & Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.enidnews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110308-EK-Organizers-are-fine-tuning-Enid-Farmers-Market
-with-high-hopes-for-third-season-0308-20110308

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EK


                        Copyright 2011 Enid News & Eagle


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Shopping Center News

                                October 31, 2016

Snapshot: Special Events in Malls

LENGTH: 349  words


All occasions are reasons for shopping centres to go the extra mile in terms of
advertising and promotions. But do these activities and events lead to actually
driving in footfalls? As our round-up shows, most are fairly successful.



South Avenue Mall Celebrates 7th Anniversary

South Avenue Mall celebrated its 7th anniversary on 8th October in the presence
of Jayant Malaiya, Finance Minister, Government of Madhya Pradesh and Rameshwar
Nikhra, Ex-Member of Parliament of Vice President Madhya Pradesh Congress
Committee. Ajay Vishnoi, former minister, Govt of MP, was the guest of honour.
During the ceremony, Malaiya lauded the effort of the mall team over the past
seven years and remembered that in 2009 the-property had been only partially
occupied, while it is currently nearly 100 percent occupied by well known retail
brands.

Farmers' Market at VR Bengaluru

Farmer's Market was organised at VR Bengaluru between 15-16th October. In the
age of home gourmands, culinary adventures and a return to natural foods,
Farmer's Market is a lifestyle market which is a source of exceptional Indian
and international produce. Karen Anand and her team have now organised around 40
successful Farmers' Markets across the country, with hundreds of natural
products, local restaurants, dozens of avid home bakers and chefs, wineries,
organic produce and over 200,000+ visitors.

Select Citywalk Hosts India's Largest Crowd Sourced Photo Shoot

Celebrating nine years of bringing the best of fashion to Delhi, Select CITYWALK
opened its doors on 5th, 6th and 7th October to a team of photographers,
stylists and makeup artists to put together India's largest crowd-sourced photo
shoot-'9 Minutes of Fashion', an event that saw around 1200 people participate.
The open-for-all event was a call to action for anyone who wanted to showcase
their individuality in a unique style. Each individual was shot within Select
CITYWALK's premises styled in the fashion labels and brands it houses, such as
Aeropostale, Forever New, Armani Jeans, CK Jeans, GAP, H&;M, Massimo Dutti,
Tommy Hilfiger and Zara, to name a few.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


        Copyright 2016 Shopping Center News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Rugby Advertiser

                            June 26, 2013 Wednesday

Farmers market

LENGTH: 182  words


Clifton-upon-Dunsmore Primary School is holding its second Farmers Market on
Friday (June 28) from 2.30pm. Through a project funded by the Central
Warwickshire Leader programme, the Soil Association and Mid Wales Food and Land
Trust are working with 10 schools across Warwickshire to set up farmers' markets
in the school hall or playground - organised largely by pupils.

Following the success of their first market last year, relationships are
building between the school and local producers selling honey, cheese, cordials,
jam & marmalade, cakes, ice-cream and more. The pupils are actively involved in
growing plants, vegetables, salad produce and herbs to sell on their own stall
at the market too, as well as organising the promotion of their event and
supporting producers attending on the day.

Being part of the Leader farmers' market project is a great way to bring local
producers into school and extend their links with the local community. Through
practical opportunities the children are learning to appreciate where fresh
produce comes from whilst enhancing their enterprise skills.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHRA


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                 July 17, 2001

Markets to get special 'approved' symbol

SECTION: News: OTHER, Pg.9

LENGTH: 263 words


FARMERS' markets in the Westcountry have become affiliated with the national
association, it was announced at the annual general meeting of the South West
association yesterday.

The drive for farmers to sell directly to customers began four years ago. Now
there are more than 280 markets nationally, 20 of which are in the region.

The affiliation with the national organisation will mean that Westcountry
farmers will be able to have their produce accredited with a special symbol,
similar to that used by the Soil Association.

James Pavitt, co-ordinator of the National Association of Farmers' Markets said:

"By joining the whole network it will be better for farmers in terms of
promotion.  It will also underline the integrity and the sustainability of the
markets in a businesslike fashion.

"It has happened in the past that people have had car boot sales with a farmers'
market banner."

Mr Pavitt said a series of crises in the farming industry had made more people
aware of important issues such as traceability of produce and food miles.

"The average carrot from a supermarket has travelled 200 miles - but from a
farmers' market it is around 30 miles," he said.

He also said that in the first four weeks of the foot and mouth crisis, when
many markets were cancelled, GBP 2 million had been lost from the industry.

Paul Saunder -Jackson, a board member of the South West Association of Farmers'
Markets, said he believed the project had been particularly successful with
Westcountry customers because of the diverse food economy around the region.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2001 Western Morning News


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2008 Drake Journal of Agricultural Law
                       Drake Journal of Agricultural Law

                                  Summer, 2008

                       DRAKE JOURNAL OF AGRICULTURAL LAW

                           13 Drake J. Agric. L. 419

LENGTH: 10610 words

NOTE: "I MISS MAYBERRY:" REVITALIZING AMERICA'S RURAL DOWNTOWNS

NAME: Jacob R. Lofgren*

BIO:



   * J.D., Drake University School of Law, 2008.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Tying the agricultural economy and heritage of a rural community into
downtown events, festivals, and activities can create an atmosphere of
excitement and entertainment that will attract both citizens and visitors into
the downtown, thereby increasing the visibility of "main street" businesses and
establishments.  ... In doing so, the note will focus on the impact of the
projects on rural America and proceed as follows: (1) provide a working
definition of "rural" area; (2) examine why it is critical to preserve rural
downtowns; (3) introduce several of the options available to assist in the
preservation of rural downtowns, including: (a) the National Main Street Center
approach to downtown revitalization, (b) the funding options available through
the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), and (c) the use of
agriculture to assist in attracting visitors into rural downtowns; and (4) an
outline of a variety of rural downtown revitalization success stories.  ...
Further, according the Census Bureau, "rural areas comprise open country and
settlements with fewer than 2,500 residents while urban areas comprise larger
places with a population of at least 50,000 and densely settled areas around
them." ... A cursory inspection of Rensselaer, Indiana's revitalization efforts
again provides an excellent example to other rural communities as a practical
application and effectiveness of the National Main Street approach.  ... The
programs and grants have been used on any number of projects intended to improve
rural communities and reinvigorate deteriorating towns.

TEXT:
 [*419]  I.Welcome to Mayberry

    "Sometimes it feels like this world is spinning faster, than it did in the
old days." n1 This frustrating reality opens the Rascal Flatts song, "Mayberry,"
which positively reflects back on life in a small town. n2 In many respects, the
"Mayberry" lyrics express the frustrations of this nation, as our traditional
downtowns have deteriorated over the past five decades. n3 The same sentiment is
reflected in the lyrics of James Taylor's song, "Our Town," which aptly states
"main street isn't main street anymore." n4 Many Americans, in their own way and
for their own reasons, want to preserve the opportunity to walk down a busy
sidewalk and pop into one of many small boutiques, specialty stores, bakeries or
coffee shops, all the while taking the time to enjoy a conversation with a
neighbor.  [*420]  However, with the growth of suburban, amenity-packed,
quick-stop shopping, it is an experience that seems to be declining. n5

    The effect of the shift to discount retailers and strip malls has been
especially noticeable and dramatic in rural America where downtown "main
streets" used to be the crux of not only economic activity, but community
interaction. n6 Fortunately, "main streets are wonderfully resilient places"
that can be reinvented to accommodate any number of business enterprises, from
those we traditionally expect, to more modern internet cafes and electronics
shops. n7 When downtowns are carefully monitored, managed, and maintained, rural
America can easily prevent the decay of the main street tradition and, in many
cases, actually reinvigorate the areas into vibrant hotspots of activity. n8 In
many small towns, strong revitalization programs have created increases in
"sales . . ., property values, occupancy rates, rents," and - most importantly -
downtown shoppers and visitors. n9

    This note will detail the critical importance of protecting "small town"
America through downtown revitalization projects. In doing so, the note will
focus on the impact of the projects on rural America and proceed as follows: (1)
provide a working definition of "rural" area; (2) examine why it is critical to
preserve rural downtowns; (3) introduce several of the options available to
assist in the preservation of rural downtowns, including: (a) the National Main
Street Center approach to downtown revitalization, (b) the funding options
available through the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), and (c)
the use of agriculture to assist in attracting visitors into rural downtowns;
and (4) an outline of a variety of rural downtown revitalization success
stories.

    II.It's All About "Small Towns:" Rural Areas & Urban Clusters

    Rural areas have always been a "vital and changing part" of our nation's
landscape and economic capacities. n10 However, defining what exactly
constitutes  [*421]  a rural area is far greater task than one might initially
imagine given the place rural areas occupy in our national culture. n11 One
reason for this difficultly is that:

    people know when they are rural, but such perception does not satisfy
demographers, policymakers, or educational researchers. After all, difficult
policy decisions have to be made and resources have to be allocated on some
quantifiable basis. Numbers, however, miss the essence of what it means to be
rural, and seldom satisfy those on the receiving end of the definition. n12


    The USDA reinforces this by stating, "many people have definitions for the
term rural, but seldom are these rural definitions in agreement. For some, rural
is a subjective state of mind. For others, rural is an objective quantitative
measure." n13

    The subjective element noted by the USDA is an essential factor to remember
when quantitatively defining "rural area." Rural areas can often be better
measured in the subjective terms described above; and, while empirical data does
provide firm ground from which to build an initial understanding of what
constitutes a rural area, it should not create an inflexible boundary on the
understanding of what is "rural." n14

    In creating a quantifiable measurement, the USDA points to a number of
sources that identify a particular empirical definition of rural. n15 One of the
sources is the United States General Accounting Office (GAO), which focuses
primarily on first defining metro/urban areas, which then, by exclusion, creates
a category of nonmetro/rural areas. n16 Building on this approach, the U.S.
Census Bureau provided a somewhat clearer definition of rural areas. n17 The
Census Bureau definition concluded that rural areas "consist[] of all territory,
population,  [*422]  and housing units located outside of [urban areas or urban
clusters]." n18 Further, according the Census Bureau, "rural areas comprise open
country and settlements with fewer than 2,500 residents while urban areas
comprise larger places [with a population of at least 50,000] and densely
settled areas around them." n19 According to data from the 2000 Census, nonmetro
America comprises 2,052 counties, contains seventy-five percent of the nation's
land, and is home to seventeen percent (49.2 million) of the U.S. population.
n20 Areas where the population is greater than 2,500 and less than 50,000 are
considered "urban clusters" by the Census Bureau. n21 "This delineation of
built-up territory around small towns and cities was new for the 2000 census."
n22 According to the 2000 census, "11 percent of the U.S. population lived in
3,158 urban clusters." n23

    For the purposes of this note, rural will include not only those areas
specifically considered as rural by the USDA, but also the many small towns that
are currently included within the urban cluster category created for the 2000
census. n24 In this capacity, the term rural, as used here, will be defined not
solely based on the empirical data, but also on the subjective mindset of people
living within America's many small towns and counties that thrive largely upon
the nearby agricultural economy - whether farming or enterprises related to
farming. n25

    The quaint town of Rensselaer, Indiana provides an excellent example of the
type of small town community that this note will consider as rural. n26 With
slightly over 5,000 citizens, Rensselaer "enjoys a small community atmosphere
[that also] supports new growth opportunities." n27 Rensselaer also serves as
the seat of Jasper County, Indiana, a county where over twenty-five percent of
the employment is either directly or indirectly related to the nearby
agricultural  [*423]  economy. n28 More important for purposes of this note,
however, are Rensselaer's current efforts aimed at the revitalization and
reinvigoration of its historic downtown. n29

    III.Discount Retailers and One-Stop Shopping

    A. Why Preserve Downtown?

    The rapid expansion of strip malls and discount retailers over the past two
decades has drastically changed the shopping experience. n30 People can be in
and out of one "big box" store having purchased groceries, clothing, school
supplies, and other essential needs in one sweep, which begs the question: why
should towns and residents have any concern about the decline of the traditional
downtown when it is accompanied by such an apparent increase in convenience?

    There is no "one" right answer to this question and, in fact, there are many
different perspectives as to why preserving rural downtowns is so critical. n31
One answer is that rural downtowns have a fundamental importance beyond
providing shopping. n32 The National Main Street Center asserts, "your downtown
or traditional commercial district is the most visible indicator of community
pride, along with its economic and social health. It is either an asset or a
liability in the effort to recruit new residents, new businesses and industries,
retirees, tourists, and others to your community and to keep those you already
have." n33

    On top of its vital importance to "community pride," the downtown is
essential as a representation of the community's history and development. The
architecture and design of the commercial district is the most prominent
expression of the town's background, beginnings, and development. n34 Finally,
preservation and revitalization of local downtowns can provide across the board
benefits to merchants, local governments, property owners, schools, and any
number  [*424]  of other parties who rely on tax dollars or community vitality
to ensure the success of their organization. n35 The National Main Street Center
goes further to outline twelve specific reasons why main streets remain
important to communities, despite the existence of large malls and discount
shopping centers:

    (1) Commercial districts are prominent employment centers[;] (2) The
commercial district is a reflection of community[;] (3) Main Street represents a
significant portion of the tax base[;] (4) The traditional commercial district
is an ideal location for independent businesses[, which supports local
businesses, families, and community projects, rather than sending resources
out-of-town;] (5) Main Street is the historic core of the community[;] (6) A
historic commercial district is often a tourist attraction[;] (7) A vital Main
Street area reduces sprawl[;] (8) A healthy Main Street core protects property
values[;] (9) The commercial district offers convenience; (10) The district is
usually a government center; (11) Main Street provides an important civic forum,
where members of the community can congregate[; and] (12) The commercial
district represents a huge public and private investment. n36


    Rensselaer presents a perfect example of a downtown that does in fact
exhibit a number of these characteristics. Among other factors, Rensselaer is
the seat of the county government and features an ornate and historic courthouse
serving the focal point of the downtown area. n37 Additionally, the downtown is
made up of a wide variety of privately owned small businesses, reinforcing the
notion of local money staying local. n38

    Revitalizing rural downtowns and "main streets" also provides a number of
immeasurable benefits, including: (1) creating places of innovation; (2)
ensuring that a time-tested bastion of civil liberties is protected; and (3)
serving as "the ultimate form of recycling." n39 First, they foster innovation
by allowing an opportunity for new ideas and products to flourish in reaction to
the individual community. n40 Large chain retailers, on the other hand, have the
same products with the same ingredients and the same packaging at every
location. n41 Second, downtowns have been, and continue to be, the best place to
stand on the corner and  [*425]  convey your message to dozens upon dozens of
open ears. n42 With the growth of shopping centers and strip malls, this bastion
of civil liberties erodes as private owners place restrictions upon
citizen-shoppers: preventing them from speaking, distributing information, or
conducting other similar activities. n43 Finally, securing new tenants for
existing buildings on main street and fostering relationships with existing
tenants is "the ultimate form of recycling." n44 Rather than building new
structures miles away along the strip, existing structures are refurbished and
reused, which reduces the wasteful use of resources to build when existing
structures remain vacant. n45 The goals described above result not only in
downtown revitalization, but in some senses a rebirth of the community where
they occur. n46 A combination of methods and ideas are available to successfully
revitalize a small town main street.

    IV.Revitalization: The National Main Street Center Approach

    "The challenge in revitalizing a rural downtown is that numerous small
businesses are owned by an assortment of different individuals, all of whom have
different strategies for success as well as often dramatically different rates
of success." n47 For a successful overhaul of an entire downtown, revitalization
requires creativity, flexibility, and coalition building to meld these
individual ideas together to form a single cohesive plan. n48 For this reason,
the National Trust for Historic Preservation created the Main Street Program
with the goal of "developing a comprehensive revitalization strategy that would
encourage economic development within the context of historic preservation." n49

    The all-encompassing benefits that can result from a downtown revitalization
provide just one reason why rural downtown revitalization requires the
involvement of all residents and merchants through the use of the "democratic
process." n50 Participation of the entire community is the key to any successful
[*426]  redevelopment program and is needed to create a community vision - "a
detailed description of what people want their community to be in [10], 15, or
20 years." n51

    In many instances, this "community vision" can encompass a combination of a
variety of approaches to revitalizing the downtown. One such approach is that
created by the National Main Street Center, n52 which has been repeatedly
synthesized and analyzed by a variety of individuals. n53 The Four Point
Approach created by the Main Street Organization includes: (1) organization; (2)
promotion; (3) design; and (4) economic restructuring. n54 Organization involves
building the appropriate coalitions of local citizens with asserted interests to
achieve the stated goals of the local "Main Street" organization. n55 Promotion
requires the development of clear, concise, and effective methods of marketing
the downtown's unique characteristics to both residents and tourists. n56 Design
focuses on the infrastructure of the downtown, finding areas that are in need of
an enhanced physical appearance or repair, including parking, lighting, signage,
and other often overlooked aspects that are vital to the success of a downtown.
n57 Economic restructuring is the most detailed aspect of the program and
requires that the organization assist local businesses in the development of
comprehensive strategic plans to ensure the vitality and growth of existing
downtown businesses. n58 For the Four Point Approach to be successful, specific
steps must be taken, such as: (1) ensuring strong local leadership; (2) finding
and strengthening anchor businesses in the downtown; and (3) providing
"counseling strategies" on effective business management. n59

    Rural downtowns applying the Main Street Four Point Approach must also keep
in mind the "time-tested" Eight Guiding Principles, which ensure the  [*427]
successful application of the approach. n60 The Eight Principles both reinforce
and build on the Four Points requiring that local Main Street organizations
create a strategy that: (1) is comprehensive and does not focus in scope on a
single issue; (2) is incremental and seeks success at a realistic pace; (3) is
self-help oriented and recognizes the importance of local control and
involvement; (4) builds strong partnerships between the public and private
sector to achieve common goals; (5) recognizes and utilizes the downtown's
unique existing assets; (6) contains individual projects within the
revitalization scheme that emphasize quality and not quantity; (7) works
continually to change the public perception of downtown and to adjust the
attitudes of skeptics who believe that Main Street cannot be turned around; and
(8) is implemented in such a manner as to emphasize the results and make the
results visible so as to create public awareness and confidence in the program.
n61

    A cursory inspection of Rensselaer, Indiana's revitalization efforts again
provides an excellent example to other rural communities as a practical
application and effectiveness of the National Main Street approach. n62 While
Rensselaer is, in many senses, still in the initial phases of the revitalization
process, it has made significant progress by following the Four Point Approach.
n63 The "organization" aspect of the Main Street Approach was preliminarily
achieved in Rensselaer by creating a board composed of members representing
various parts of the community including a city council member, local business
leaders, and faculty members from the local college. n64 Additionally, the
organization openly accepts volunteers from the community to provide assistance
on any of the activities associated with the downtown revitalization project.
n65

    With regard to promotion, Rensselaer developed a website specifically
dedicated to advertising its Main Street organization and their activities. n66
The website links serve the dual purpose of promoting the positive efforts of
the Main  [*428]  Street organization, and drawing attention to large variety of
unique opportunities available downtown. n67 By providing a list of downtown
events and creating a link to a local "Visitor's Guide" detailing all of the
tourist activities in the area, the Main Street Rensselaer organization has
taken the first step to effectively promoting itself to both residents and
tourists. n68

    Rensselaer's noted efforts with regard to National Main Street's Four Point
Approach indicate that it has taken the first steps on the path to achieving
success within the revitalization program. However, all small towns adopting the
National Main Street Approach, including Rensselaer, must remember that "main
street probably didn't deteriorate overnight and it won't be revitalized quickly
either. Using the Main Street Approach is hard work, but it can substantially
improve the health of your commercial district by giving you an effective
framework for your revitalization efforts." n69

    V. Beyond Pure Agriculture: USDA Funding of Revitalization

    The Main Street approach alone can be a good starting point for
revitalization, but it can also be part of a larger effort on the part of
America's small towns and rural areas. The federal government offers a number of
funding opportunities aimed directly at assisting rural communities with
development and revitalization. n70 The USDA, an agency traditionally pictured
as focused solely on fostering the improvement of "pure agriculture," has a
number of programs intended to foster community and economic development in
rural areas. n71

    The Office of Community Development, which operates as a branch of the USDA,
administers a number of rural community development programs as part of the
USDA's overall strategy to improve rural communities. n72 Similar to the Main
Street Approach, the goal of each program is to create "self-sustaining,
long-term economic and community development in rural areas." n73 The programs
focus on the ability of every small-rural town to achieve these goals by
following a well-designed and complete plan that is developed by local leaders
and implemented at the local level. n74 As with the Main Street Approach, the
[*429]  USDA programs are only effective where local players become involved in
the development process to create partnerships between the private, public, and
nonprofit entities. n75

    The USDA has a seemingly boundless list of funding programs available for
rural development, which either in-whole or in-part fund revitalization. n76 The
programs and grants have been used on any number of projects intended to improve
rural communities and reinvigorate deteriorating towns. n77 Among these programs
are Rural Business Opportunities Grants, which are used mostly to fund economic
projects, and Community Facilities Loans and Grants, which are used primarily to
fund infrastructure improvements. n78 According to the USDA website, the purpose
of the Rural Business Opportunity Grants are "to promote[] sustainable economic
development in rural communities with exceptional needs[.]" n79 This is
accomplished by making grants available to pay costs of providing economic
planning for rural communities, technical assistance for rural businesses, or
training for rural entrepreneurs or economic development officials. n80 Such
grants are available to small towns and rural areas with less than 50,000
inhabitants and typically have a maximum value of $ 50,000. n81 Community
Facilities Loans and Grants, on the other hand, "may be used to construct,
enlarge, or improve community facilities for health care, public safety, and
public services" in towns with less than 20,000 citizens. n82 Individually or in
cooperation, USDA grants can lead to remarkable success in downtown
revitalization projects. n83  [*430]

    The small town of Joshua, Texas, provides an excellent example of the
utility of a USDA Rural Business Opportunity. n84 In June of 2004, Joshua
applied for a $ 50,000 grant that was to be used in evaluating what could be
done to improve the city's faltering downtown area, which consisted of
deteriorating buildings, vacant lots, and scattered businesses. n85 Joshua's
vision was "a downtown in which people can shop in boutiques and walk from their
apartments to a coffee shop or restaurant." n86 The overall goal was to
revitalize the downtown back to its early vitality before many businesses left
the main street area to highway locations. n87 With the $ 50,000 USDA grant, the
city would evaluate several aspects of the downtown, including "land ownership
and uses, infrastructure needs, demographics, and traffic flow" and determine
how best to "face-lift" the downtown area. n88

    Similarly, USDA grants have twice provided significant assistance to
McVille, North Dakota. In 2002, the city used a grant of over $ 85,000 to
purchase and renovate a building so a local business could expand its
operations. n89 More recently, in September of 2003, McVille received a grant of
nearly $ 375,000. n90 With a population hovering around 500, McVille is what one
might describe as the traditional small town. n91 McVille houses the county's
hospital, clinic, and nursing home. n92 McVille also has an elementary school, a
golf course, and several small, local businesses on Main Street. n93 Serving as
the hub of activity for the surrounding small towns, the city seemed to have
several amenities, but lacked a cafe. n94 In an effort to improve Main Street
and fill this need, the city applied for and received the USDA grant, which was
used to build the cafe. n95

    Returning again to Rensselaer, Indiana, government grants have also been
used in the revitalization efforts of its downtown. n96 While Rensselaer did not
receive its grant directly through the USDA, they did receive a $ 50,000 grant
from the Department of Commerce which will be used in essentially the same
capacity. n97 Further, Rensselaer received a $ 1,000,000 transportation
enhancement [*431]  grant which will be used to conduct an environmental study.
n98 The grant monies were sought and received with the assistance of the
Rensselaer Main Street Organization and will be used to assist in the
revitalization of downtown infrastructure and in the creation of improved
downtown facades. n99

    While not the traditional view of "government spending," federal government
loans and grants, especially those offered through the USDA, provide much needed
opportunities for communities to revitalize and/or improve their downtown areas.
As Renae Arneson, the McVille City Auditor, noted, "communities need to take
advantage of the programs out there to make the community viable." n100

    VI.Remember Your Roots

    A. Utilizing Small Town Heritage and Economy

    In combination with a strong Main Street program and seeking government
grants, an eye toward creating a friendly and unique tourist destination can be
another way of attracting increased visitor foot traffic to rural downtown
areas. n101 Indeed, the USDA offers an extensive list of resources available
with ideas and suggestions on creating a strong backbone for tourism in small
towns and communities. n102 A cursory inspection of the resources can easily
lead to dozens of ideas on building a tourist industry. n103 Among the USDA
sources are the suggestions offered by the Missouri Department of Agriculture.
n104 That department indicates that "agritourism is a growing industry in the
United States that presents a number of opportunities." n105 The ideas suggested
include corn mazes, bed and breakfast operations, "u-pick your own" operations,
and road [*432]  sidestands, which all attract visitors wanting the "real rural
experience" into rural communities. n106 On a grander scale, rural downtowns can
capitalize on these activities by promoting the "agri-tourism" that draws foot
traffic into the community. n107

    As tourism officials have noted, "a growing number of rural counties and
small towns that are struggling economically are showcasing their history and
culture through folk art projects, historic museums, and festivals . . ." n108
This turn to tourism is not without its benefits. "Sixty-two percent of U.S.
adults, or 87 million, have taken a trip to a small town or village within the
past three years[,]" which means an increase in tourist dollars. n109

    Rensselaer, Indiana again provides a striking example of tying the
agricultural roots of the community and rural culture into the downtown
revitalization. n110 Among other activities, Rensselaer offers a farmer's market
in its downtown area where local farmers are able to sell their products to
consumers, while at the same time attracting additional foot traffic into the
downtown area. n111 On a larger and more modern scale, Rensselaer proudly
promotes the nearby Fair Oaks Farms Dairy Adventure where tourists see the inner
workings and everyday operation of a modern dairy farm. n112

    In the past year Rensselaer also offered a number of downtown festivals,
including the "Taste of Rensselaer" and "Oktoberfest" festivals, where visitors
and residents sampled foods from a variety of vendors in the downtown area while
experiencing the culture and community downtown had to offer. n113 The most
notable of Rensselaer's downtown festivals, however, is the annual Little Cousin
Jasper Festival, which is held in the center of downtown on the Courthouse
Square. n114 Little Cousin Jasper not only provides a carnival-esque atmosphere,
but attracts visitors from the surrounding communities into the downtown area,
building an awareness of the various downtown retailers and businesses. n115
[*433]

    Rensselaer is not alone in seeking to use its downtown festivals and events
as a method by which to attract tourists. n116 In Conrad, Iowa, the Black Dirt
Days celebrate the "rich, fertile land around Conrad[,]" which forms the
backbone of the town's agricultural economy, with a variety of activities
related to the agricultural economy, including the sale of "Black Dirt Cake" and
playing cow patty bingo. n117 Marshfield, Wisconsin promotes its downtown with
Dairy fest, a "salute to the local dairy industry." n118 In Charles Town, West
Virginia, the Harvest Days Celebration, celebrating the harvest season and the
beginning of autumn, is used to attract visitors from around the area into the
downtown to enjoy a variety of festivities. n119 Similarly, in Tuscola,
Illinois, the annual Tuscola Harvest Homecoming brings increased foot traffic
into the downtown by celebrating the harvest season with a variety of activities
and entertainment. n120

    Additionally, promoting rural downtowns as "quaint little tourist
destinations with specialty shops, gifts, antiques, and ice cream" can be an
effective method by which to draw shoppers and visitors when discount retailers
and chain stores have reduced local business. n121 The promotion of unique
venues and shops is perhaps the easiest of the steps that can be taken by a
rural downtown. Rensselaer provides a short list of "A Few Special Places" that
visitors may want to browse that are unique to the town, including Busy Bee, a
local ice cream shop, Clauss Bakery and Cafe, featuring made fresh pastries,
and, TJ's Unfinished Furniture, offering fine furniture and other services. n122
Just by creating such a list, Rensselaer has given tourists a reason to "check
out" their downtown.

    Examples of unique festivals and downtown attractions are endless, but the
purpose for promoting both is clear. Tying the agricultural economy and heritage
of a rural community into downtown events, festivals, and activities can create
an atmosphere of excitement and entertainment that will attract both citizens
and visitors into the downtown, thereby increasing the visibility of "main
street" businesses and establishments. n123  [*434]

    VII.It Works: Rural Revitalization Success Stories

    National Main Street, government grants, agricultural tourism, and unique
attractions all play their part in the revitalization and preservation of
America's rural downtowns. A combination of these programs and processes can
lead to great successes if small towns remain committed to reinvigorating and/or
reinventing themselves. Dozens of success stories are available to show the
potential that can be found in downtown revitalization. n124 Kingwood, Virginia,
recently celebrated the tenth year of its Main Street program. n125 When the
organization was founded in 1996, investment in the downtown was slightly over $
60,000, but ten years later investment topped $ 9.5 million. n126 As the
Kingwood Main Street director stated, "This is small town, rural U.S., and this
is what Main Street can do for you[.]" n127

    In addition to stories like Kingwood, which are frequently reported in local
press across the country, the National Main Street Center published a book
listing over forty success stories supplemented frequently by current successes
posted on the center's webpage. n128 One such story occurred in Burlington, Iowa
where the local Main Street organization worked to spark eight renovation
projects, 248 facade rehab projects, and over twelve million dollars of public
and private investment into the downtown. n129 The organization was able to save
a number of historic buildings and put them to modern use, including turning an
old buggy factory into a modern police station and transforming an 1860s
Methodist Episcopal Church into a workshop and gift shop. n130 Additionally, the
Main Street organization was able to fill vacancies in the pedestrian mall that
was nearly empty at the time of the organizations inception. n131

    Libertyville, Illinois is another sterling example of the potential provided
by a strong local Main Street Organization. n132 Located between Milwaukee and
Chicago, downtown Libertyville was historically a major stopping point for
[*435]  travelers between the two cities and "the center of regional
farm-to-market commerce," but that changed with the growth of the interstate
highway system. n133 Libertyville's downtown was dying, but in 1989 following
the Main Street model, the city was able to turn its downtown around. n134 With
nearly thirteen million dollars in investment, "38 businesses were added or
expanded, netting 367 new jobs," which nearly eradicated all of the vacancies in
the once dismal downtown. n135 Main Street Libertyville, which is built upon a
network of local business owners and residents, now works closely with the city
government to make decisions effecting the redevelopment and revitalization to
ensure the continued growth of the area. n136

    Charles City, Iowa is another example of a city that has reinvigorated its
downtown using a variety of methods and resources. n137 Indeed, it has twice
been a semi-finalist for the "Great American Main Street Award," which
recognizes its accomplishments in revitalizing the downtown area. n138 Charles
City boosts a profound history and a number of notable attractions, including
the childhood home of Carrie Lane Chapman Catt, who founded the League of Women
Voters, and Garden Court Park. n139 Further, the downtown area uses a nearby,
unique suspension bridge to attract visitors into the area. n140 One could go on
and on about Charles City's unique downtown in large part due to the advertising
efforts of their downtown organization, which has published an extensive booklet
outlining the unique features, shops, and activities in the downtown area. n141
It is a superb example of the successes to be had with a strong revitalization
effort.

    Returning to Rensselaer's situation, it is too soon to know if the Main
Street program coupled with government grants will pay off, but all signs seem
to indicate that the city and its residents are taking progressive steps toward
achieving successes similar to those in the above examples. n142 It is this goal
that drove the creation of Main Street Rensselaer and continues to motivate its
members.

    While all of the successful projects are too innumerable to mention here, it
is clear that the redevelopment and revitalization of America's downtowns is
[*436]  not an unachievable goal. n143 With diligence, cooperation, and
willingness, small town main streets can reassert themselves as the vibrant
centers of community life that once characterized them. n144

    VIII.Rural Revitalization: Mayberry Can and Will Survive

    As the numerous success stories indicate, America's rural downtowns can and
will survive if the community's residents and business leaders work to create a
strong and effective plan to revitalize the area. Indeed, small towns across
America have seen revitalization programs increase sales, property values,
occupancy rates, rents, and downtown foot traffic. n145 Any combination of Main
Street organizations, government grants, community leadership, and promotion of
local festivals and unique features can lead to a renewed sense of pride in the
downtown and a revitalization of the traditional main street mentality. Where
Mayberry was once dying, it has seen a rebirth. n146

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Public Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesEconomic DevelopmentReal Property
LawZoning & Land UseHistoric PreservationTransportation LawBridges &
RoadsGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1  RASCAL FLATTS, MAYBERRY (Lyric Street Records 2002).




n2  See id.




n3  See, e.g., Kennedy Smith, The Road Ahead, 208 MAIN STREET NEWS 8 (2004),
available at http://mainstreet.org/MediaLibrary/June-July2004TheRoadAhead.pdf.




n4  JAMES TAYLOR, OUR TOWN (Disney Records 2006).




n5  Lisa Hechesky, Return to Main Street: An Assessment of the Main Street
Revitalization Program 3-4 (May 2005) (unpublished M.A. thesis, Marshall
University) (on file with the author).




n6  See Jackie Vieh, Op-Ed., Strong Downtown Areas Crucial to Communities,
INSIDE TUCSON BUS., Apr. 20, 1998.




n7  Smith, supra note 3, at 8.




n8  See id.




n9  Id.; see generally Hechesky, supra note 5, at 5-6 (highlighting the National
Trust pilot program and subsequent successful revitalizations).




n10  ECONOMIC RESEARCH SERVICE, USDA, AIB BULL. NO. 710, UNDERSTANDING RURAL
AMERICA (1995), available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/aib710.




n11  BETTY ROSE D. RIOS, ERIC CLEARINGHOUSE ON RURAL EDUCATION AND SMALL
SCHOOLS, "RURAL" - A CONCEPT BEYOND DEFINITION? (1988), available at
http://www.ericdigests.org/pre-929/concept.htm.




n12  Id.




n13  USDA, NAT'L AGRIC. LIBRARY, What is Rural?,
http://www.nal.usda.gov/ric/ricpubs/whatisrural.htm (last visited July 24, 2008)
[hereinafter What is Rural?].




n14  See generally VALERIE DU PLESSIS, ET AL., STATISTICS CANADA, AGRIC. DIV.,
DEFINITIONS OF "RURAL" 30-33 (2002), available at
http://www.statcan.ca/english/research/21-601-MIE/2002061/21-601-MIE2002061.pdf.
While the definitions of rural discussed were created within the Canadian
context, the practical point emphasized by the authors holds true here. The
authors indicate that the definition of rural can shift and change according to
the purpose for which it is created and used. Therefore, whatever definition is
used must be viewed within the context of the situation.




n15  What is Rural?, supra note 13.




n16  U.S. GEN. ACCOUNTING OFFICE, GAO/RCED-93-40FS, RURAL DEVELOPMENT: PROFILE
OF RURAL AREAS 26 (1993), available at
http://archive.gao.gov/t2pbat6/149199.pdf.




n17  U.S. CENSUS BUREAU, CENSUS 2000 URBAN AND RURAL CLASSIFICATION,
http://www.census.gov/geo/www/ua/ua2k.html.




n18  Id.




n19  USDA, ECON. RESEARCH SERV., MEASURING RURALITY: WHAT IS RURAL?,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/briefing/rurality/WhatIsRural/ (last visited July 24,
2008) [hereinafter MEASURING RURALITY].




n20  Id.; USDA., ECON. RESEARCH SERV., MEASURING RURALITY: NEW DEFINITIONS IN
2003, http://ers.usda.gov/Briefing/Rurality/NewDefinitions/ (last visited July
24, 2008) [hereinafter NEW DEFINITIONS].




n21  MEASURING RURALITY, supra note 19.




n22  Id.




n23  Id.




n24  See id.




n25  See What is Rural?, supra note 13.




n26  See City of Rensselaer, Indiana, Community Profile,
http://www.cityofrensselaerin.com/news/profile.html (last visited July 24, 2008)
(hereinafter Community Profile).




n27  Id.




n28  Id.; Saint Joseph's College, Rensselaer Market Analysis 2004, sec. 2.0 at 4
(May 23, 2004) (unpublished B.A. market analysis)(on file with Professor Michael
J. Oakes, Saint Joseph's College), available at http://www.saintjoe.edu/rma/.




n29  See Main Street Rensselaer, Indiana, Another Summer on its Way. . .,
http://www.visitrensselaer.com/msr/index.html (last visited August 9, 2008).




n30  Terry Lawhead, A Comprehensive Strategy for Rural Downtowns, 13 ECON. DEV.
REV. 75, 75 (1995); SUZANNE G. DANE, MAIN STREET SUCCESS STORIES 2 (National
Trust for Historic Preservation 1997).




n31  See generally Lawhead, supra note 30.




n32  See, e.g., Vieh, supra note 16; National Main Street Center, Why
Revitalize?, http://mainstreet.org/content.aspx?page=2000&section=16 (last
visited July 24, 2008) [hereinafter Why Revitalize?].




n33  Why Revitalize?, supra note 32; see, e.g., Vieh, supra note 6.




n34  Why Revitalize?, supra note 32.




n35  See National Main Street Center, Who Benefits from a Revitalized Commercial
District?, http://mainstreet.org/content.aspx?page=1939 (last visited August 9,
2008).




n36  National Trust Main Street Center, Why are Main Streets Important?,
http://mainstreet.org/content.aspx?page=1927 (last visited August 9, 2008).




n37  Community Profile, supra note 26; Indiana Courts, Online Tour of Jasper
County Courthouse, http://www.in.gov/judiciary/ipix/jasper/ (last visited August
9, 2008) (featuring an interactive online tour of the Jasper County Courthouse
that allows the viewer to see both the courthouse and portions of the downtown
area).




n38  See Saint Joseph's College, supra note 28, at sec. 3.0, 1.




n39  Smith, supra note 3, at 9.




n40  Id.




n41  Id.




n42  Id.




n43  Id.




n44  Id.




n45  Id.




n46  See id.




n47  Lawhead, supra note 30.




n48  Id.




n49  Id.




n50  See Robert E. Chambers & Randall S. Clemons, Leadership and Community
Revitalization, 8 ECON. DEV. REV. 29 (1990).




n51  Id.; Janet Ayres, Essential Elements of Strategic Vision, in COMMUNITY
STRATEGIC VISIONING PROGRAMS 33 (Norman Walzer ed., 1996).




n52  The National Main Street Center is a program developed by the National
Trust for Historic Preservation. See National Main Street Center, Homepage,
www.mainstreet.org/content.aspx (last visited August 9, 2008).




n53  See generally Main Street Rensselaer, About Main Street Rensselaer,
http://www.visitrensselaer.com/msr/about.html (last visited July 24, 2008); see
also Lawhead, supra note 30 at 76.




n54  DANE, supra note 30, at 3-5; National Main Street Center, The Main Street
Four Points, http://www.mainstreet.org/content.aspx?page=47&section=2 (last
visited July 24, 2008). The Four Point Approach is a trademark of the National
Main Street Center.




n55  JOAN FITZGERALD & NANCEY GREEN LEIGH, ECONOMIC REVITALIZATION: CASES AND
STRATEGIES FOR CITY AND SUBURB 134-35 (SAGE Publications, Inc. 2002); DANE,
supra note 30, at 4-5.




n56  DANE, supra note 30, at 4-5; FITZGERALD & LEIGH, supra note 55, at 136-37.




n57  FITZGERALD & LEIGH, supra note 55, at 135-36; DANE, supra note 30, at 5.




n58  FITZGERALD & LEIGH, supra note 55, at 134-35; DANE, supra note 30, at 4-5.




n59  Lawhead, supra note 30, at 76-80; see FITZGERALD & LEIGH, supra note 55, at
134-35; see generally DANE, supra note 30, at 3-5.




n60  DANE, supra note 30, at 6-9; see National Main Street Center, Eight
Principles of Success,
http://www.mainstreet.org/content.aspx?page=2358&section=2 (last visited August
9, 2008).




n61  Id.




n62  See Another Great Summer on its Way..., supra note 29.




n63  See About Main Street Rensselaer, supra note 53.




n64  Main Street Rensselaer, Main Street Rensselaer Board,
http://www.visitrensselaer.com/msr/board.html (last visited August 9, 2008). The
board is composed of nine members with a variety of backgrounds and experiences.
Applying the Main Street approach, it is expected that the board members will
work to build further coalitions within the community and particularly
throughout the downtown to achieve permanent success in the downtown
revitalization process.




n65  Main Street Rensselaer, Looking for a Reason to Volunteer? How About: We
Need You!, http://www.visitrensselaer.com/msr/volunteer.html (last visited
August 9, 2008).




n66  Another Summer on its Way..., supra note 29.




n67  See id.




n68  Id.; Visit Rensselaer, Homepage, http://www.visitrensselaer.com/ (last
visited August 9, 2008).




n69  Why Revitalize?, supra note 32.




n70  See, e.g., USDA Rural Development, Office of Community Development,
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/wa/ocd.htm (last visit August 9, 2008).




n71  Id.




n72  Id.




n73  Id.




n74  See id.




n75  Id.




n76  See USDA Nat'l Agric. Lib., Funding Resources,
http://ric.nal.usda.gov/nalweb/ric/ffd.php (last visited August 9, 2008). The
USDA's Rural Information Center website provides a search engine linked to an
exhaustive list of government grants and funding programs available to rural
communities via the federal government. The list is expansive and includes
grants connected not only to the Department of Agricultural, but other branches
of the government, including the Departments of Commerce, Labor, Energy, and
others.




n77  See, e.g., Xiao Zhang, McVille, N.D., Lands USDA Grant to Build Community
Cafe, GRAND FORKS HERALD, Sept. 4, 2003; see Elizabeth Campbell, Federal Grant
Could Help Rejuvenate Joshua, Texas, FORT WORTH STAR-TELEGRAM, June 6, 2004.




n78  USDA Rural Development, Rural Business Opportunity Grants (RBOG),
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/busp/rbog.htm (last visited August 9, 2008); USDA
Rural Development, Community Facilities Loans and Grants,
http:www.rurdev.usda.gov/rd/pubs/pa1557.htm (last visited August 9, 2008).




n79  USDA Rural Development, Rural Business Opportunity Grants (RBOG),
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rbs/busp/rbog.htm (last visited August 9, 2008).




n80  See id. (listing eligible projects for which monies may be used).




n81  Id.




n82  USDA Rural Development Community Facilities Loans and Grants,
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rd/pubs/pa1557.htm (last visited August 9, 2008).




n83  See also Campbell, supra note 77.




n84  Id.




n85  Id.




n86  Id.




n87  Id.




n88  Id.




n89  Zhang, supra note 77.




n90  Id.




n91  Id.




n92  Id.




n93  Id.




n94  Id.




n95  Id.




n96  Another Great Summer on its Way. . ., supra note 29.




n97  About Main Street Rensselaer, supra note 53.




n98  Id.; Another Great Summer on its Way. . ., supra note 29.




n99  About Main Street Rensselaer, supra note 53; Another Great Summer on its
Way. . ., supra note 29.




n100  Zhang, supra note 77.




n101  See, e.g., America the Creative, ECONOMIST, Dec. 23, 2006, at 41 (noting
use of small town folklore and traditions to draw in tourists); Samira Jafari,
History Calls Tourists to Rural Towns, EWOSS NEWS, Sept. 7, 2007 (noting
increase in tourist travel to small, rural towns because of increased showcasing
of art, history and cultural exhibits).




n102  USDA Nat'l Agric. Library, Community Development Resources: Tourism,
http://ric.nal.usda.gov/naldisplay/index.php?infocenter=5&taxlevel=2&taxsubject=
211&topicid=1169 (last visited August 9, 2008).




n103  Id.




n104  Id; Mo. Dep't of Agric., Ag. Business Development: Agritourism,
http://www.mda.mo.gov/AgBusiness/resources/agritourism.htm (last visited August
9, 2008) [hereinafter Agritourism].




n105  Agritourism, supra note 104.




n106  Id.




n107  See generally Jafari, supra note 101.




n108  Id..




n109  Id.




n110  See VisitRensselaer.com, Events & Festivals,
http://www.visitrensselaer.com/events.html (last visited August 9, 2008); see
also VisitRensselaer.com, Homepage, http://www.visitrensselaer.com (last visited
August 9, 2008).




n111  See Events & Festivals, supra note 110; see also Homepage, supra note 110.




n112  See Visit Rensselaer, Things To Do, http://www.visitrensselaer.com/do.html
(last visited August 9, 2008); Fair Oaks Farms, http://www.fofarms.com/ (last
visited August 9, 2008).




n113  Events & Festivals, supra note 110; see Another Great Summer on its Way. .
., supra note 29.




n114  Events & Festivals, supra note 110.




n115  See id.; see generally Another Great Summer on its Way. . ., supra note
29.




n116  See generally AMANDA B. WEST, MAIN STREET FESTIVALS: TRADITIONAL AND
UNIQUE EVENTS ON AMERICA'S MAIN STREETS xi-xii (John Wiley & Sons, Inc. 1998).




n117  Id. at 119.




n118  Id. at 138.




n119  Id. at 23.




n120  Id. at 110.




n121  Mike Kilen, Op-Ed., Neighbors' Dreams in Small Town Iowa, D.M. REG., Nov.
26, 2006, at 6.




n122  VisitRensselaer.com, Things to Do, http://www.visitrensselaer.com/do.html
(last visited August 9, 2008).




n123  See generally WEST, supra note 116, at xi-xii.




n124  See generally DANE, supra note 30, at 3; National Trust Main Street
Center, Success of the Main Street Approach,
http://mainstreet.org/content.aspx?page=55&section=2 (last visited August 9,
2008).




n125  Kathy Plum, Main Street Kingwood Celebrates 10 years: Program Promotes
Economic Growth, Livability of City, DOMINION POST, June 24, 2006.




n126  Id.




n127  Id.




n128  See DANE, supra note 30, at 3; see generally National Trust Main Street
Center, Success of the Main Street Approach,
http://www.mainstreet.org/content.aspx?page=55&section=2 (last visited August 9,
2008).




n129  DANE, supra note 30, at 32-33.




n130  Id. at 33.




n131  Id. at 34.




n132  See id. at 92-93.




n133  Id. at 92.




n134  See id. at 92-93.




n135  See id. at 93.




n136  Id. at 93.




n137  See Charles City Area Chamber of Commerce, Charles City: America's
Hometown 6-7 October 2006 (Charles City Press & GateHouse Media 2006).




n138  Id.




n139  Id. at 10.




n140  Id.




n141  See generally id.




n142  See Another Great Summer on its Way. . ., supra note 29.




n143  See generally DANE, supra note 30; National Trust Main Street Center,
Success of the Main Street Approach,
http://www.mainstreet.org/content.aspx?page=55&section=2 (last visited August 9,
2008).




n144  See, e.g., Smith, supra note 3, at 8-9.




n145  See id. at 8; see also Hechesky, supra note 5, at sec. 2.0-sec. 3.0.




n146  See generally Smith, supra note 3, at 8.


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           November 5, 2011 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

City revamps farmers market rules

BYLINE: STEVE BRANDT; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 597 words



HIGHLIGHT: A move to limit Minneapolis farmers markets to nonprofits failed.
Most will still have to be outdoors.


No rotten tomatoes were thrown, but the Minneapolis City Council had a bit of a
food fight Friday on the way to redefining farmers markets and how they must be
run.

The revamped ordinance is designed to foster the city's initiative promoting
healthy foods and to bolster existing markets. But the council split after sharp
debate, deciding that most farmers markets must normally be outdoors but need
not be run by a nonprofit.

The proposal, approved 12-1, sets up three types of markets with differing
requirements for each. For example, at least 60 percent of the sellers at a
farmers market must be people who sell food that they actually produce. No more
than 25 percent can be those who don't sell food but rather crafts or services
they produce or provide themselves. The rest can be people who sell such items
as plants or food they process themselves or prepare for immediate consumption.
Flea-market sellers also are excluded.

The reason for being so prescriptive, according to David Nicholson, who has a
leadership role in the Fulton and Kingfield neighborhood markets, is to protect
what a farmers market traditionally has represented -- a place where consumers
buy fresh food from the people who grow it. That's why the revisions limit
people who simply resell food they don't produce. They can only sell produce not
in season locally, such as bananas.

Market advocates wanted to limit operators of farmers markets to nonprofits
because they fear incursions by grocery chains into the market business,
Nicholson said. But Council Member Gary Schiff succeeded on a voice vote in
dropping that requirement after he argued that the council shouldn't play
favorites.

Nicholson said the change can undermine nonprofits that use markets to achieve
other benefits such as access to healthy food in areas that lack it, promotion
of micro-entrepreneurship, livelier street life and community building. "It's a
great disappointment that a few members of the council could not appreciate that
work," he said. Cam Gordon, who sponsored the market proposal, voted against it
after losing the nonprofit vote.

The council defeated on an 8-5 vote Schiff's attempt to delete a requirement
that farmers markets and smaller mini-markets of up to five sellers be held
outdoors, except for half a dozen indoor events. Schiff argued that markets such
as the Global Market at Midtown Exchange should be allowed indoors, but others
said they could still operate indoors as a produce and craft market.

The council also unanimously approved without discussion a controversial
preliminary design remaking Peavey Plaza. It sets in motion the next steps for
the downtown plaza project that is intended to make the park on Nicollet Mall
more inviting and accessible. Opponents argue it goes too far in changing the
original design.

The busy agenda Friday also included declaring an end to the tornado emergency,
allowing the city's second micro-brewery to begin selling growlers and holding
tours at its warehouse area location, approving a new rate structure for water
and sewer charges that includes both flat and volume charges, and rejecting the
proposed 21-story Parc Centrale tower proposed for Loring Hill.

A proposed $75 fine for people who don't clear walks of snow and ice was sent
back to committee at Schiff's move. He said he'd like to explore an alternate
system under which people who twice had ignored orders to clear walks and forced
the city to send crews and bill them would get on a list for an immediate
clear-and-bill routine, as used for tall-grass violators.

Steve Brandt - 612-673-4438

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                           January 27, 2016 Wednesday
                              Buffalo News Edition

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 263 words


Hires/Honors/Promotions

Dr. Tenpao Lee, a professor of economics and finance at Niagara University, has
been appointed a distinguished overseas professor of the Shanghai Lixin
University of Commerce in China. Niagara and Lixin entered into an academic
cooperation agreement in January 2015 to facilitate faculty and student exchange
opportunities between the institutions. Lee taught a course in Shanghai during
his sabbatical last spring.

Company Connections

The Downtown Batavia Public Market merged with the Genesee Country Farmers
Market resulting in the consolidation of the markets and vendors into one large
farmers market located downtown at the corner of Bank and Alva Place. The market
would retain the name Downtown Batavia Public Market and would be run by the
Genesee Country Farmers Market board in which executive director of the BID,
Laurie Oltramari, as a board member.

...

Randall Agency, an insurance agency located in Eden, recently celebrated its
65th anniversary with Merchants Insurance Group. The agency, which serves the
personal and business insurance needs of Erie County businesses and residents,
joined with Merchants in 1951 but has been doing business since 1931.

Patents

Title: Centrifugal compressor diffuser

No.: 9,222,485

Inventors: Brown, Paul C. (Buffalo); Grigoriev, Mikhail (East Amherst); Swiatek;
Chester V. (Williamsville)

Date issued: Dec. 29, 2015

...

Title: Air separation method and apparatus

No.: 9,222,725

Inventors: Prosser, Neil Mark (Lockport); Jibb, Richard John (Amherst)

Assignee: Praxair Technology (Danbury, Conn.)

Date issued: Dec. 29, 2015

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Mississauga News

                             August 26, 2011 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Mississauga Farmers' Markets

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 320  words


Brampton-Festivals <style type="text/css"> #newspaper-a { font-family: "Lucida
Sans Unicode", "Lucida Grande", Sans-Serif; font-size: 12px; margin: 5px; width:
100%; text-align: left; border-collapse: collapse; border: 1px solid #69c; }
#newspaper-a th { font-weight: bold; font-size: 14px; color: #000000;
border-bottom: 3px solid #69c; } #newspaper-a td { padding: 7px 7px 7px 7px;
color: #000000; border-bottom: 1px solid #69c; } #newspaper-a tbody tr:hover td
{ color: #339; background: #d0dafd; } <table id="newspaper-a"> <td valign="top">
Dixie Flea Market & Farmers Market 5150 Dixie Rd.

<span style="font-weight: bold;">Mississauga 905-238-0015 <a target="_blank"
href="http://www.mississauga-fleamarket.com/farmers.html"> <span
style="text-decoration: underline;">Mississauga Flea Market & Farmers Market
3092 Mavis Rd.

Mississauga 905-268-0502 <a
href="http://www.portcredit.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=158&It
emid=1" target="_blank">Port Credit Farmers Market Elmwood Rd and Lakeshore Rd.

Mississauga <a href="http://www.sherwaymarket.com/" target="_blank">Sherway
Farmers Market North Parking Lot, Sherway Gardens, Hwy 427 and the Queensway
Etobicoke 905-317-3010 <a href="http://www.shopsquareone.com/events-promotions/
farmers%E2%80%99-market" target="_blank">Square One Farmers Market Northwest
Famous Players Parking Lot, 100 City Centre Dr.

Mississauga <a href="http://www.streetsvillelionsclub.ca/FarmersMarket.htm"
target="_blank"> Streetsville Farmers Market Streetsville GO parking lot
Mississauga 905 874-3321 <td colspan="4">Return to <span style="text-decoration:
underline;"><a
href="http://www.mississauga.com/community/article/1069912--guide-to-mississauga
">Guide to Mississauga <td colspan="4">See a community resource that should be
listed here? <a
href="mailto:community.webmaster@metroland.com?subject=Inquiry%20via%20Webmaster
%20Inquiry%20%E2%80%93%20YorkRegion.com">Email us!

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Feilding-Rangitikei Herald (New Zealand)

                            March 23, 2017 Thursday

Group urges town to vote

BYLINE: KILMISTER Sam

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 209 words


Feilding and District Promotion is calling for the community to get voting.

The town's Farmer's Market is in the running to take out the Outstanding New
Zealand Farmer's Market award, although they need votes.

The competition closes in two weeks.

Project manager Raewyn Loader said the awards were an annual event to celebrate
the hard work of the country's food producers.

"Winning the accolade would be just in time for the market's 12th birthday
celebrations held during the month of April," Loader said.

"Special guest artist Suzanne Prentice joins us on the last Friday to enjoy a
lunch with eight lucky customers.

It would be the icing on the cake to celebrate a win with the birthday lunch."

Loader said trading had been "dismal" over the past three months due to weather.

"The market could really do with a boost to lift morale and entice new visitors
to town."

The market is an attraction to the Manawatu town and won the 2012 New Zealand
Farmer's Market of the Year.

There are 30 markets vying for the title. Most are from larger centres such as
Tauranga, Hamilton, Christchurch and Otago.

To vote text 4040 with the code FM16.

--------------------

CAPTION:

To vote for the Feilding Farmer's Market text 4040 with the code FM16.

Picture: GRANT MATTHEW / FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Augusta Margaret River Mail

                                 March 22, 2016

BYLINE: Nicky Lefebvre

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 267  words


Margaret River Farmers Market head Katrina Lombardo is bringing the 2016 Boots
for Change campaign to the market on Saturday 23rd April as part of a nationwide
push to support farming families.

Sprung from the 2015 ABC Youth Innovation Summit, the campaign aims to raise
awareness of farmers markets ' and specifically the people behind the produce '
through activities and promotion of the Boots for Change day. Markets across the
country will encourage their local communities to come together to celebrate the
benefits of local produce markets, something Ms Lombardo says is clearly gaining
momentum.

'Market shoppers across Australia are being asked to wear boots, recycle old
boots in novel ways, participate in best boot parades, boot photo competitions,
boot-scooting and many other fun activities to draw attention to farming and
local food production, as well as youth programs in these rural communities,'
explained Jane Adams, spokesperson for the Australian Farmers' Markets
Association.

At the Margaret River market shoppers can enjoy cooking demonstrations from Chef
in Boots, boot photography, a kids' decorating competition as well as a
photography competition open to the public.

The Boots for Change photographic competition winner will receive $150 to spend
at the farmers market with second prize offering a $100 voucher. Photographs can
be entered by email or as a high resolution print mounted on black or white
card. Entries must be received by Monday 18th April to be eligible for judging.

To enter your photograph or for more information email
kat@margaretriverfarmersmarket.com.au

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             May 10, 2008 Saturday

Electronic benefit cards can be used at farmers market

LENGTH: 157 words


Electronic Benefit Transfer cards can now be used to purchase food and produce
at the Downtown Farmers Market, according to a news release this week from the
Salt Lake Chamber's Downtown Alliance.

EBT cards are cards on which the government transfers money for participants in
social programs such as the Horizon Card that the state offers in lieu of food
stamps. Recipients can use their cards at the Market Management booth to
purchase wooden nickels that can be used to buy food from selected vendors.

The Downtown Alliance received a grant for about $16,000 from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Farmers Market Promotion Program to pilot the
program. Grant money will be used to purchase an electronic banking machine, to
educate vendors and farmers on the program, and to market the program.

The Downtown Farmers Market opens June 15 and will continue each Saturday
through October, from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Pioneer Park, 300 S. 300 West.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Albert Lea Tribune, Minn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 22, 2011 Thursday

Weekend Planner: Fall festival in downtown Albert Lea highlights weekend

BYLINE: Kelli Lageson, Albert Lea Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 595 words


Sept. 22--A new event in Albert Lea will be held Saturday called the Fall
Festival on Broadway. Events are planned starting at 9 a.m. The Albert Lea
Farmers Market will be opening at 9 a.m. like usual, but vendors will take to
the sidewalks of Broadway Avenue between Main Street and Fountain Street,
instead of being in the North Broadway Avenue parking lot.

There will also be children's games and activities like face painting, train
rides and hay rides. At 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. Bob Tewes of Crescendo will offer
cooking demonstrations. The Albert Lea Art Center is offering an art and
architecture event.

Food vendors will be available and classic cars and antique tractors will
assemble on the street. Downtown business owners are also planning to hold
special sales and promotions for the day.

Friday

--Garden Diva Design Studio in Hayward will hold a fall open house from 10 a.m.
to 5 p.m. Refreshments will be served and people can look around at fall home
decor, mums, pumpkins, gourds and more.

--Cruise Albert Lea Lake on the Pelican Breeze II at 6 p.m. Cost is $15, and
reservations are needed by 4 p.m. by calling 507-383-2630.

--Albert Lea Community Theatre presents "Doubt" at 7:30 p.m. at the Marion Ross
Performing Arts Center. Tickets are $15 for adults and $10 for students.

Saturday

--Oak Knoll Farms will hold a celebration for National Alpaca Farm Days from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. The event is open to the public and refreshments will be
available. Come to meet alpacas up close and visit the farm store. The event
continues Sunday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.

--Garden Diva Design Studio in Hayward will hold a fall open house from 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. Refreshments will be served and people can look around at fall home
decor, mums, pumpkins, gourds and more.

--The Albert Lea Farmers Market starts at 9 a.m. and goes until noon in downtown
Albert Lea.

--Cruise Albert Lea Lake on the Pelican Breeze II at 4 p.m. No reservations are
needed and cost is $10.

--The Naeve Health Care Foundation holds its gala event at Wedgewood Cove Golf
Club starting with a social hour at 5:30 p.m. Tickets are $200 and people can
call 507-377-6380 with questions.

--The Alden Lions will host the Harlem Ambassadors starting at 6 p.m. at the
Alden-Conger School. Advance tickets are $9 for adults and seniors and $6 for
students. Concessions will be available and include hot dogs, pulled pork
sandwiches and chocolate malts starting at 4:30 p.m. The Harlem Ambassadors will
play a team of local people who make up the Alden Lions All-Stars for a night
featuring leaps, slam dunks and family entertainment.

--Albert Lea Community Theatre presents "Doubt" at 7:30 p.m. at the Marion Ross
Performing Arts Center. Tickets are $15 for adults and $10 for students.

Sunday

--A breakfast will be held at the American Legion from 8 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Cost
is $7, with $1 going to any church youth group activity group. Menu includes
pancakes, sausage, scrambled eggs, potatoes, fruit, coffee and juice.

--St. John's Lutheran Home Auxiliary will host the annual benefit luncheon at
St. John's from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Menu includes pulled pork sandwiches, chips,
salad, pickles, beverages and dessert. Cost is $6, with children age 10 and
under free. Money raised will benefit St. John's Lutheran Home residents.

--Cruise Albert Lea Lake on the Pelican Breeze II with narrator Al Batt at 1:30
p.m. Reservations are needed by 4 p.m. Sept. 24.

___ (c)2011 the Albert Lea Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) Visit the Albert Lea
Tribune (Albert Lea, Minn.) at www.albertleatribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110922-1AL-Weekend-Planner-Fall-festival-in-downtown-Albert-Lea-highlights-wee
kend-0922-20110922

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AL


                                 Copyright 2011


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 12, 2012 Tuesday

Hamilton farmer's market growth follows statewide trend

BYLINE: Beena Raghavendran, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 437 words


June 12--HAMILTON -- There's something about walking into a farmer's market that
sets it apart from any other grocery experience, said Alfred Hall, market
manager of Historic Hamilton's Farmer's Market.

"You're not going to Kroger and picking up mustard greens," he said. "You create
a relationship with the person you're buying from."

This year's market promises to be the largest ever, he said -- echoing the
increase in strength of farmer's markets statewide.

He said the market is open an extra hour longer this year -- every Saturday from
7 a.m. to 1 p.m. until Nov. 3 -- and lines the sidewalks around the Butler
County Courthouse with more than 30 vendor booths.

The farmer's market is sponsored by Historic Hamilton Inc.The group took on the
farmer's market project about 6 or 7 years ago, said President Karen Whalen.

In addition to donations, the market will also receive advertising and promotion
funds from the membership group Friends of the Market, new this year, Whalen
said.

It features several changes. Hall said there's been an increase in consistent
vendors after amendments to the registration process, children's activities and
live entertainment at the market once a month.

This has made the market a family-friendly atmosphere with a large selection of
produce, he said.

"It's a really good, eclectic variety of farmers and gardeners from all walks of
life," Hall said.

Ohio has seen a significant rise in the number of farmers markets in recent
years, said Lori Panda of Ohio Proud, a part of the Ohio Department of
Agriculture which promotes buying Ohio-grown products.

"It used to be where you might have one or two in a county, but now you have
almost one on every corner of the community," Panda said. "Consumers are
realizing, too, that they're supporting the local economy."

The city of Hamilton said it grants the space around the courthouse to the
market each year but keeps no reports of its economic impact.

Dennis Bowling, 83, has been attending the farmer's market in Hamilton since
1945, when he would accompany his parents and sell the family's live chickens
from the back of a truck.

Now, following Bowling and his father, the family is in its third generation of
sellers at the market with Bowling's daughter, Nancy Greene.

"It's a way of staying fit, keeping in shape, keeping my mind sharp," Bowling
said. "I know it's pure, that it's wholesome, tasty food."

Contact this reporter at (513)483-5236 or beena.raghavendran@coxinc.com

___ (c)2012 the Hamilton JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Hamilton
JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120612-HL-Hamilton-farmer-s-market-growth-follows-statewide-trend-0612-2012061
2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2012 The Journal-News


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                           September 18, 2016 Sunday
                                   1 Edition

The many benefits of farmers' markets

BYLINE: By, Bonnie Hopkins

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. T3

LENGTH: 588 words


Editor's note: This article is part of a project of the local Community Health
Council, or CHIC. September has been devoted to the promotion of local healthy
food.

The Farmington Growers Market, originally known as the San Juan County Farmers
Market, was started in 1991 by a group of local farmer vendors in cooperation
with the San Juan County Cooperative Extension Service. Since the nineties, the
market has grown to accommodate around 30 local vendors annually, hosting a
market for about 20 weeks throughout the growing season on Saturday mornings
from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. and Tuesday afternoons from 4 to 6 p.m. at the Farmington
Museum.

The market sees around 30,000 customers throughout the summer, from young
families to senior citizens and everyone in between. The name of the market
changed with the expansion of additional markets, such as the Wednesday
afternoon Aztec Farmers market, and the Thursday evening Bloomfield Farmers
market, but the mission has stayed the same.

The goal of the market is to support local farmers and ranchers through direct
marketing opportunities, and to build community through the access of local,
healthy food. We strive to maintain a 90 percent agriculture base in order to
support the important legacy of farming in this area. The remaining 10 percent
is reserved for land-based local craft vendors such as wool or pottery, or other
handmade items.

The Farmington Growers Market board and staff work closely with the New Mexico
Farmers Market Association, or NMFMA, on marketing and programs that are
implemented state wide.

In 2015, the Farmington market, in collaboration with the Aztec Farmers Market,
began taking both debit and SNAP/EBT cards at the market. The NMFMA obtained
funding to pilot a program called "Double Up Food Bucks" or DUFB, in 2015, and
has secured four years of funding to continue to the program. The DUFB program
is for SNAP/EBT participants and allows them to double their SNAP/EBT dollars
they intend to spend at the market. If a participant chose to spend $20 at the
market, it will automatically be matched with $20 in DUFB tokens, allowing
participants to purchase additional New Mexico grown fruits and vegetables for
their families. This money goes directly to our farmers and ranchers and stays
right here in our community, encouraging both economic development and market
diversification.

The Farmington Growers Market began as a tailgate drop market, and continues
that mission to this day. It has become a staple in the community, serving as an
outlet for local growers both large and small to serve the community healthy
local food. Vendors are welcome to attend as few as one market per season,
bringing their backyard garden surplus and making it available to their
community members and neighbors.

In a tough economy, the market strives to remain small and approachable for
every community member.

We want to be the type of market that welcomes everyone, with our vendors and
our customers. We want to be a place where our neighbors can help make ends meet
and put healthy food on the tables of San Juan County residents.

The Farmington Growers Market will operate for two weeks past the first killing
frost of 2016, or until the last Saturday in October, whichever comes first. For
additional information, visit the website farmingtongrowersmarket.com or on the
Facebook page for Farmington Growers' Market.

Bonnie Hopkins is the New Mexico State University Cooperative Extension Service
agriculture agent and a Farmington Growers Market board member.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: fnm


                     Copyright 2016 Farmington Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                           February 6, 2010 Saturday
                              North Wales Edition

MARKET CRASH;
COUNCIL CALL TIME ON STALLS AFTER FALL IN VISITORS

BYLINE: STEVE BAGNALL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 312 words


A FARMERS' market in North Wales largest town will pitch up for the last time
after becoming the latest victim of the recession.

Reduced attendance and pressure on public finances has forced Wrexham council to
call time on the subsidised event, which takes place on Queens Square once a
month.

As a result, Wrexham Farmers' Market will be staged for the last time on Friday,
March 19 after nine years.

The event was introduced in 2001 and grew steadily, with farmers from Wrexham,
Anglesey, Powys, Denbighshire and Flintshire selling their own produce.

The market, with council promotions, also aimed to bring in more people to
Wrexham, thus boosting the local economy as a whole. Cllr Rodney Skelland, lead
member for regeneration and corporate governance, said that the council had
tried to keep the market going but it was no longer possible.

He said: "Most of the farmers who originally took part have fallen away over the
years and it's been difficult to recruit new producers.

"As a result, the criteria for farmers' markets - as set by the National
Farmers' Retail and Markets Association (Farma) - are no longer being met, as
many of the goods on sale aren't produced by the stall-holder.

"Shoppers' interest has fallen, stall rents have never covered the running costs
and at a time when public finances are under pressure, it's sadly no longer
possible for us to fund the event.

"However, Wrexham still has some thriving outdoor markets, and regular stall
holders have been made aware of other opportunities to sell their goods in the
town."

Other outdoor markets in Wrexham include the long-running Monday market on
Queen's Square.

And there is the recently introduced Town Centre Forum market, which takes place
four times a year.

Council chiefs said both events generate enough rental income to cover their
running costs.

stevebagnall@dailypost.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Wrexham Mayor at the time Sandy Mewies visits the market at its peak,
but falling interest doomed the venture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2010 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Peterborough Evening Telegraph

                                 July 16, 2008

Free eco-friendly bags for shoppers

LENGTH: 139  words


SHOPPERS can bag a free sustainable shopping aid if they are in the first 200 at
Huntingdon Farmers' Market this Friday.

The giveaway takes place at 10am, and the reusable cotton shopping bags have a
distinctive design on both sides, showing the Farmers Market's historic backdrop
in Huntingdon's Market Square.

Following the promotional giveaway they will be sold at their cost price of 80p.

Councillor Colin Hyams said: "Using cotton bags which last for years is a smart
way of cutting down on waste, packaging and carbon emissions.

"The bags also promote Godmanchester Community Nursery, which offers an
opportunity for local people to get further involved in reducing food miles by
growing their own."

Huntingdon Farmers' Market recently celebrated its fifth birthday, and is held
every other Friday in the Market Square from 8am to 2pm.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      June 21, 1996, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Harry's lands Paralympics catering contract

BYLINE: Mickey Higginbotham; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 03F

LENGTH: 334 words


Harry's Farmers Market will feed the masses during the Paralympic Games, a move
the financially rebounding company says will make a profit.

Harry's is paying between $ 100,000 and $ 499,000 in cash and in-kind donations
to be an "official patron" of the Paralympics, though the exact figure is not
being made public, said officials with Harry's and the Atlanta Paralympic
Organizing Committee.

The Atlanta-based company will sell concessions at 11 of 19 Paralympic venues
and provide paid catering for athletes, their families and other VIPs because of
its sponsorship donation, which will feed volunteers and staff members. Harry's
also will sell Paralympic merchandise and have ticketing promotions at its
stores.

"We will supply a certain amount of food at no charge to them. That's our price
of admission," said Terry Ransom, Harry's chief administrative officer.

Though Harry's will split concession proceeds 50-50 with the Paralympics, Ransom
said the company still expects to swing a profit.

Harry's, which owns and operates three megastores and two Harry's In A Hurry
specialty gourmet takeout shops, may report its first profitable quarter in
three years for the period ending July 31.

The Aug. 15-25 Paralympics is expected to be roughly one-third the size of the
Olympics. Organizers say there will be 3,500 athletes from 127 nations; 1,000
coaches and team staff; 1,500 officials and technical personnel and 12,000
volunteers. An estimated 1.5 million spectators attended the 1992 Paralympics in
Barcelona, Spain.

Corporate staff and employees at the company's bakery and prepared- foods
facility in Alpharetta will be the backbone of the operation, Ransom said.

Terms of the contract, including how much food Harry's will provide and food
prices, were not disclosed. Ransom said offerings will range from box lunches to
salads, fresh fruit and snacks a even fancy hot dogs.

"It's going to be a little bit higher quality" than usual sporting event fare,
Ransom said.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Courier (Connelsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 24, 2010 Monday

Fayette County farmers markets to offer local produce

BYLINE: The Daily Courier, Connellsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 498 words


May 24--The official start of the farmers market season in Fayette County begins
this week -- another reason to celebrate Buy Local Month.

The first market to open is the Ohiopyle Country Market on Saturday, followed by
a sneak preview of the Masontown Farmers Market on May 31, Memorial Day.

"As a part of the buy local initiative, we are excited to announce that there
will be four farmers markets in Fayette County during this summer," said Bob
Junk, local economy manager. "Buying local produce is not only good for your
health, but it is also good for the economy. So come out and support our farmers
markets. By doing so, you will not only be buying local, but you will also be
feeding your family the freshest produce possible and supporting the local
agriculture industry."

The farmers markets are made possible through funding from the Fayette County
Tourism Grant Program, which is managed by the Laurel Highlands Visitors Bureau,
and the specialty Block Grant Program, managed by the Pennsylvania Department of
Agriculture. The grant funds will be used for the setup, logistics and marketing
and promotion of the farmers markets.

"The Fayette County Tourism Grant Program has been instrumental in helping
develop programs to increase tourism in the county, and we would like to thank
Commissioner Vince Zapotosky and Commissioner Vince Vicites for voting in
support of creating the grant program," Junk added.

The first 25 people at every farmers market (which does not include the sneak
preview market in Masontown) who use their Community Discount Card will receive
a $5-off coupon valid for their purchase that day.

Fayette County residents who would like to purchase a Community Discount Card
may do so by contacting the Fay-Penn Economic Development Council at
724-437-7913. Cards also may be purchased at the Greater Connellsville Chamber
of Commerce, 923 W. Crawford Ave., or by calling the chamber at 724-628-5500.
Cards are $7 and valid through December 2011.

"Our goal was to select locations throughout the county that were convenient to
our residents. We hope that they will visit each farmers market at least once
during the season, as each market will be different with unique offerings. For
example, Connellsville will offer art renderings by local artists for sale at
their farmers market," Junk said.

Farmers, businesses that produce food and agriculture-related products and
vendors interested in participating in any or all of the farmers markets may
call Jessica Steimer at 724-437-7913.

Daily Courier can be reached at or .

To see more of The Daily Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/dailycourier/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily
Courier, Connellsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100524-DC-Fayette-County-farmers-markets-to-offer-local-produce-0524

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DC


                        Copyright 2010 The Daily Courier


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       Tweed Daily News (New South Wales)

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

New Kingscliff farmers' market is causing a stir

BYLINE:  Aisling Brennan

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 379  words


A NEW farmers' market is set to open its stalls for the first time in Kingscliff
early next year.

Village Farm Markets will be open every Saturday from 7am to 11am at NorthCoast
TAFE on Cudgen Road, Kingscliff, subject to council approval.

But some stall holders at the bi-monthly Kingscliff Markets have raised concerns
about the new farmers' market .

The Kingscliff Lions Club organises the Kingsliff Markets and president Des Lund
said while he was happy to see new businesses come to the area, he hoped there
would be no direct competition for stall holders.

"Our members' main concern is customers would have to make a choice on which
markets to go to and they saw a fairly strong commercial promotion of it," Mr
Lund said.

"I think Kingscliff needs something like this but the fact that they're running
it every Saturday certainly will have some impact.

"From our perspective, we need to protect our stall holders from any competition
in town that could decrease their revenue or alternatively do they walk away
from our markets and go to the other markets?"

Village Farm Markets owner Ainslie Lawrie said there would be no direct
competition to the Kingscliff markets.

"This is a farmers' market, so it's fresh produce and artesian food stalls,
while most of their's is homeware, handy craft, clothing so they're not the same
at all," Ms Lawrie said.

"We've been to Kingscliff many times to check and I think there's only one
farmer and it's not a big stall."

Ms Lawrie said the Kingscliff Market stall holders shouldn't have any concerns
about the new farmers' market.

"We've got 50 stalls on board and they're all food related," she said.

"We don't have any intention to add anything but fresh food and artesian food
stalls and small businesses.

"We are definitely not any competition."

She said the new farmers' market could even drive more customers to the
beachside stalls.

"We're going to be bringing a lot more people to Kingscliff that may not have
come otherwise," she said.

"I think it will actually help the Kingscliff beach ones because once we

finish at 11am everyone

will head down to the other one."

The development application for the Village Farm Markets is currently open for
public submissions until Wednesday, December 14.

Visit www.tweed.nsw. gov.au/datracking.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DDN


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             June 15, 2013 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

Medica loyalty cards give members a break on food bills

BYLINE: JOHN EWOLDT; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 527 words



HIGHLIGHT: Health insurers are using incentive programs to get members to
improve diet.


Can health insurance companies get members to eat healthier?

Instead of mailing coupons on nearly 500 products for members to clip, Medica is
giving members a preloaded loyalty card and adds 10 to 25 new virtual coupons
each week.

No clipping, no forgetting, no fumbling. Packets and cards will be mailed to
Medica's 200,000 members in Minnesota on Monday.

John Naylor, senior vice president of Medica's commercial market division, said
obesity is a bulge battle that needs to be fought with "baby steps and big
steps." He describes the new Healthy Savings program as a medium step.

The hope is that incentives will help members make more healthful choices at the
supermarket. By saving 75 cents here and a dollar there on products as varied as
Clif protein bars, Musselman's unsweetened applesauce and Gold'n Plump boneless,
skinless chicken breasts, members may end up making fewer trips to the doctor's
office.

Medica's program is similar to others tried by HealthPartners and Blue Cross
Blue Shield of Minnesota. Coupon promotions, along with gift cards, are becoming
a new health management tactic that's simple and cost effective.

HealthPartners' Linkwell pro

gram, which ended last year, mailed out coupons to nearly 80,000 members, mostly
those who had filed claims related to diabetes, high blood pressure and heart
disease.

Blue Cross Blue Shield of Minnesota's Market Bucks program has focused on
low-income residents. It matches up to $5 in purchases made at participating
farmers markets through Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Programs.

Does a coupon really have the power to change people's eating habits? Experts
say any approach to better nutrition must be multifaceted and an incentive
program is just one part of the plan.

The overall redemption rate for paper coupons is only 0.8 percent, but insurers
have a slightly better track record. HealthPartners' redemption rate for its
Linkwell coupons was between 5 and 10 percent, said Scott Aebischer, senior vice
president.

Blue Cross' gift card promos have a 1 percent redemption rate, although the
number is expected to increase as more farmers markets accept electronic benefit
transfer cards, according to Stacy Housman, communications manager.

High expectations

Medica's program has higher expectations. "We're expecting a redemption rate of
20 to 30 percent," said Chad Kelly, chief marketing officer for Solutran, a
Minneapolis-based technology company that's providing the incentive system.

That's significantly higher than the 7.8 percent redemption rate for paperless
and mobile coupons, according to NCH Marketing Institute. "When it's a targeted
audience that's interested in the topic, that helps increase participation,"
said Charlie Brown, vice president of marketing at NCH.

Part of the projected success is also the value. "The coupons represent good
savings of 50 cents, 75 cents or a dollar per item," Kelly said.

The cards can be used at Cub, Rainbow and Lunds/Byerly's stores. Rainbow will
also place "healthy savings by Medica" cards near each of the hundreds of items
that qualify for the discount program.

The program has no projected end date, according to Medica.

John Ewoldt · 612-673-7633

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                           September 7, 2004, Tuesday

ORGANIC FOOD

BYLINE: BY LEIGH ROBERTS WESTERN MAIL

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 502 words


This week is Organic Week - a celebration of organic food organised by the Soil
Association. From September 4 to 12, events such as farm walks, farmers' markets
and in-store promotions are being held to promote growing, buying and eating
organic food.

Organic farming aims to produce high-quality food while minimising damage to the
environment and wildlife. Organic farmers avoid using artificial fertilisers,
pesticides and other chemicals, relying instead on crop rotation to develop soil
fertility naturally.

The consumption of organic food is growing. Sales grew by 10% between 2002 and
2003, and the market is now worth just over pounds 1bn.

Organic food has managed to shed its 'ponytails and sandals' image, but its
advocates still face an uphill struggle to persuade the majority of the British
public that they should be buying organic food.

They also face a challenge in convincing more farmers to turn organic. The Welsh
Assembly set a target of converting 10% of Welsh farms to organic by 2005, but
they are still way short of this target.

So what are the obstacles to increasing production and consumption of organic
food? Well, for farmers, there is uncertainty over their market.

Farmers said that a lack of a market, and a lack of a premium, for organic
produce, would prevent them from converting.

There are many dairy farmers who will tell a cautionary tale about how they
converted their farms to organic - a long and expensive process - and then found
they could not get a premium for their milk, despite higher production costs.

For consumers, paying more for organic food will always be an issue.

Of course there will always be those who wouldn't buy anything else. For them,
price is not an issue.

But for many others, they may want or feel they should buy organic food, but are
diverted by the price.

The secret of organic food's success must lie in linking to the local
countryside, and the local economy.

Buying organic produce that has been flown half way around the world defeats the
purpose of buying organic - that is, to help the environment - yet 80% of
organic food comes from abroad.

So it is British organic food that we should be celebrating this week - not
encouraging people to buy produce such as organic asparagus and mange tout that
has been flown over 6000 miles from Peru.

The Soil Association says that sales of organic food through farmers' markets,
box schemes and farm shops has reached over pounds 90m, showing a dynamic growth
rate of nearly 30%.

The most marked jump was in sales through farmers' markets which more than
doubled. Direct sales now account for a tenth of all organic food sold.

This is what organic food should be all about. Sustainability is the watchword
of the organic movement, and to achieve this, our goals should be to buy local,
direct and seasonal, where possible.

Leigh Roberts is a PR consultant with Coleman Roberts Communications, email
leighroberts kembery@hotmail.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2004 Western Mail and Echo Ltd


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      North Shore News (British Columbia)

                          September 11, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Food Calendar

BYLINE: Compiled by Deana Lancaster, North Shore News

SECTION: DINING; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 447  words


Seymour Farmers' Market: This Sunday is the last for this farmers' market set up
in the parking lot of Canlan Ice Sports North Shore, at Mt. Seymour Parkway and
Berkley. The market features local B.C. farmers, both traditional and organic
produce, prepared foods and crafts -- together with community fun and music.

Taste of Italy: North Vancouver's Gusto di Quattro, along with Quattro on Fourth
and Quattro at Whistler, continues the Postcards from Italy promotion with food
and wines from Campania and Basilicata throughout September. Each restaurant
will offer four-course menus and seven unique wines from the southern Italian
regions. The menu costs $44 per person at Gusto di Quattro and $48 per person at
the other two restaurants. See www.quattrorestaurants.com for more.

Shop with the Chef: Come out and learn how to prepare all the wonderful fruits
and veggies that are in season now. Local chefs are leading monthly tours at the
North Vancouver City Hall Farmers' Market. On Sept. 15, North Vancouver
nutritionist Margaret Broughton will talk about Back to School meals.

Discover Chinatown: Celebrate the Mid-Autumn Moon Festival with an exclusive
evening of food and entertainment at a Chinatown restaurant and same-day
admission to the Dr. Sun Yat-Sen Classical Chinese Garden. Discover stories and
legends associated with exotic dishes, listen to tales of a bygone era and take
home souvenir menus, recipes and a gift. Tickets are $98. Call 604-662-3207,
604-689-7133 or drop in to the garden at 578 Carrall St.

Grand Old Burgundy: On Monday, Sept. 16, Liberty Wine Merchants in Park Royal
invites people to Grand Old Burgundy, a wine-tasting salon, at 7 p.m. It costs
$39.99 (or $99.99 for a series of three upcoming tastings) and space is limited.
Call for information or to book, 604-925-3663.

Ready. Set. Start!: On Wednesday, Sept. 18, Leslie Stowe drops into Tools and
Techniques to demonstrate the creation of hors d'oeuvres and first course
dishes. Class begins at 6:30 p.m., tuition is $65. Call 604-925-1835.

Mediterranean Street Food: On Wednesday, Sept. 18, take an armchair journey
through the street stalls and bars of the European, North African and Middle
Eastern countries of the Mediterranean. Author Anissa Helou evokes the sounds,
smells, tastes and traditions of distant lands and times, which chef Adrienne
O'Callaghan will bring to the table. The event runs at Barbara-Jo's Books to
Cooks in Yaletown, and costs $85. Call 604-688-6755 or visit
www.bookstocooks.com.

---

If you have a food or wine event for the calendar send it to the North Shore
News, 1139 Lonsdale Ave., North Vancouver, B.C., V7M 2H4. E-mail
dlancaster@nsnews.com or fax to 604-985-2104.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2002 North Shore News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Express & Echo (Exeter)

                                January 30, 2004

TOWN'S BUSINESS LEADERS CALL FOR FARMERS' MARKET

SECTION: News; Business; Agri/Fish/Food; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 205 words


A group set up to find ways of invigorating a Devon resort has announced
proposals to host a farmers' market.  Teignmouth Regeneration Project Management
Group made the proposal as part of a wider look at services in the town and how
they could be improved.

A spokesman said: "The business section of our group looked at the promotion of
locally-produced foods and products.

"It decided it would be a good idea to create a farmers' market in Teignmouth
because there isn't one at the moment.

"It is a way of attracting more visitors to spend money in the town. It would
give them a reason to visit Teignmouth." However, the plan has not met with
instant support from Teignmouth Chamber of Commerce.

Secretary Dudley Earle said: "As a chamber we don't think it's a good idea,
because it is liable to have an adverse impact on shops in Teignmouth. But we
are open to persuasion.

"We want more information on what would be for sale and when." The Teignmouth
Regeneration Project Management Group is inviting residents to a public meeting
on February 25, 7.30pm, at the Community College Arts Centre.

The proposal for a farmers' market is one of many issues that will be discussed
at the meeting.


LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2004 Express & Echo (Exeter)


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 9, 2007 Thursday

More farmers markets sprout up: Westgate, Perrysburg among new sites

BYLINE: Mark Reiter, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 495 words


Aug. 9--Although Bench Farms is often asked to join other open-air farm markets
in metro Toledo, owner Cindy Bench is content to peddle home-grown produce at
the Perrysburg Farmers Market.

Sales of tomatoes, cucumbers, and other fresh produce grown on the farm that she
operates with her husband in Jerusalem Township have more than tripled since
2000, the first year of the Perrysburg market, she said.

"We are always busy," she said. "Last week, we thought it would be slow because
of the hot weather. We were amazed at how many people came out."

The market, which is held each Thursday from 3 to 8 p.m., is part of a trend
that is getting fresh fruits and vegetables to areas outside the Toledo Farmers
Market in downtown Toledo.

The Perrysburg market continues to grow, with additional vendors each year, said
Laura Rice, executive assistant with the community's convention and visitors
bureau, host of the event.

On the day that the farmers market is open, business picks up at other stores in
downtown Perrysburg, said Tina Mather Bothe, owner of Santa Fe Way, a clothing
and gift boutique.

A farmers market began this year in the parking lot of Augsburg Lutheran Church
on Sylvania Avenue in Toledo's Five Points neighborhood.

The market is held from 3 to 7 p.m. on Tuesdays.

Also, the Sylvania Farmers Market began this year on Main Street next to the
Sylvania Historical Village. It is held each Thursday from 4 to 7 p.m.

A satellite operation of the Toledo Farmers Market operates in the parking lot
at the Westgate Elder-Beerman on Wednesdays from 4 p.m. to 7 p.m.

Konstantinos Konstandos has been selling vegetables and other items grown on his
Oregon farm at the downtown Toledo farmers market since 1994. "More and more
people are going to the market at Westgate," he said.

The Ohio Department of Agriculture doesn't track business at markets or the
total number in the state. However, Greg Hargett, deputy director for the
office, said additional markets that offer fresh fruits, vegetables, and other
Ohio-produced foods are established each year.

The agency works with travel and tourism officials to make the locations of the
markets known to travelers and shares in promotion costs, Mr. Hargett said.

About three years ago, Dean Luginbill began bringing to the Perrysburg market
eggs laid by hens that roam his Putnam County farm.

At $2 a dozen, they often sell out. "One night I could have sold 80 dozen eggs,"
said Mr. Lugenbill, who along with his brother farms about 600 acres near
Pandora, Ohio.

Contact Mark Reiter at: markreiter@theblade.com or 419-724-6096.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2007, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070809-TO-More-farmers-markets-sprout-up-0809

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2007 The Blade


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            April 13, 2005 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

DIRECT FOOD CONNECTION AIDS PRODUCER, CONSUMER

BYLINE: Margaret Krome

SECTION: EDITORIAL; GUEST COLUMN; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 667 words


This morning I've been unpacking three cases of wild, sustainably harvested
salmon, shipped overnight from a small fishermen's cooperative in Washington
state. When these fishermen sell their catch through their normal distributors,
they get an appalling 70 cents per pound. This is for salmon that we might buy
for $15 or $18 per pound. Clearly, neither hardworking fishermen nor eager
consumers benefit.

But when we buy directly from the fishermen, we pay between $6 and $7.50 per
pound plus shipping. We can afford to buy their salmon, and the profits they
earn allow them to husband a scarce resource in environmentally sound ways.

Closer to home, our family buys eggs, winter spinach, chicken, turkey and many
other staples direct from producers. When farmers' markets open up and community
supported agriculture farms go into gear, consumers enjoy a feast of
opportunities to put more of their food dollars directly into farmers' pockets
while getting the kind of food they prefer.

Direct marketing's transparency informs me in a way that no retail store can
rival about just how my vegetables, fruit and meat were produced.

Moreover, direct marketing builds local economies, both by supporting more jobs
on local farms and, in the case of farmers' markets, supporting nearby
businesses that benefit from increased foot traffic on market days.

In a time of limited governmental budgets, few things make more sense to support
than job-generating local markets. Some governmental leaders recognize this,
while others seem oblivious.

At the federal level, three programs in particular stand out as helping to
increase direct marketing, make its bounty accessible to poor people, and
provide delicious local produce to children in our schools.

One is the Farmers' Market Promotion Program. Passed in the 2002 Farm Bill but
never funded, this competitive grants program would profit from just $5 million
so it could begin supporting and expanding farmers' markets, community supported
agriculture farms, farm stands and other direct marketing initiatives.

A second federal program, the Farmers' Market Nutrition Program, has operated
successfully for several years. It offers vouchers that low-income mothers and
children can redeem at farmers' markets for fresh fruits and vegetables. Last
year, this cost-effective program, along with its sibling aimed at seniors,
increased fresh produce consumption among 2.7 million low-income and
nutritionally at-risk women, children and elderly people, while creating $20.8
million in additional sales for over 20,000 farmers selling at more than 2,500
markets and farm stands in 44 states, territories and tribal organizations.

Ignoring the backlog of localities wanting to use the program, the Bush
administration proposes to cut its funding for 2006 by $5 million.

A third federal program is welcome news for parents tired of paying for school
lunches that their children throw away. The Farm-to-Cafeteria Program would
offer competitive grants to help get local food into schools. This program, also
not funded in the Bush budget, would help children at risk for dietary diseases
eat fresh, healthy foods.

Advocates for the program point to examples in the Appleton schools, where
teachers say that children's behavior changed dramatically when vending machines
were sent off grounds and nutritious foods brought in.

Over the past two years, several Madison schools have also introduced local
foods onto the menu, the sort of trend that the Farm-to-Cafeteria program would
expand.

At the state level, the Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer
Protection's Savor Wisconsin Web site guides consumers to producers. In
addition, state agencies support small farms when procurement policies allow
university cafeterias, for example, to offer local foods that students prefer.

* State and local leaders have many ways to help build local economies by
linking consumers to people producing their food. Now, when budgets are tight,
is a good time to capture that synergy.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Margaret Krome of Madison writes a semimonthly column for The Capital
Times. She is a member of the board of the Department of Agriculture, Trade and
Consumer Protection. E-mail: mkrome@inxpress.net

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                            March 27, 2010 Saturday

Views sought on farmers' markets

BYLINE: Joe Watson

SECTION: BUSINESS; FARM/FOOD; News; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 438 words


A survey to find out what consumers want from farmers' markets is to be
undertaken this summer.

The Scottish Agricultural College is to carry out the work across Scotland as
part of recently launched efforts to boost the number of markets being held in
Scotland.

SAC food marketing team leader David Lamb revealed the survey, which also
involves stallholders at markets being asked their views on how the sector
should be developed, at a seminar held by Aberdeenshire Council at Inverurie.

Mr Lamb said the farmers' market movement had over the last decade made
significant progress since the first in Scotland was held in Perth. The chance
to further promote the sector should not be missed as there remained
considerable untapped sales opportunities. He, however, advocated a more
collaborative approach so that everyone involved could benefit.

That point on co-operation was picked up by Vicky Thomson, the co-ordinator for
the Leader funding initiative in Aberdeenshire. She said Leader cash would be
available to help markets develop, improve their marketing, fund capital
projects and encourage innovation, but Ms Thomson said initiatives could only be
supported if groups of producers or markets worked together on support bids.

Steve Wright, of Mortlach Game, Loanend, Braes o' Gartly, Huntly, spoke about
the problems he had encountered in setting up the farmers' market at Huntly four
years ago. It has grown from seven stalls to 24 and is now seen as vitally
important in attracting shoppers to the town centre.

Andrew Booth, of The Store, Foveran, near Ellon, said his disappointment centred
on the continuing lack of awareness about farmers' markets and where they are
held. He urged a greater focus on promotion and marketing, adding the markets he
attended were very important to his business, which sells meat from his farm.
Income from the markets represented just 10% of turnover, but they were key to
promoting The Store, attracting new customers and in selling the sausages and
mince needed to ensure carcase balance.

Sarah Milne, the new farmers' market co-ordinator for Scotland, said she would
be over the next three years be doing more to promote farmers' markets and in
encouraging new consumers to attend them.

Sally Crystal, the chairman of the Scottish Association of Farmers' Markets,
praised Aberdeenshire for being at the forefront of the development of markets.
She hoped other councils would follow its lead.

Aberdeenshire Provost Bill Howatson said the event had been helpful. He also
took on board the criticism raised by Mr Wright about council departments not
working together to help the markets develop.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LINE-UP: Speakers at the seminar, from left, Douglas Watson, of SAOS;
Sarah Milne, Steve Wright and David Lamb. Kami Thomson

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2010 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                             July 21, 2011 Thursday

VFPCK to spend Rs 4.5 crore on farmers' markets

LENGTH: 527 words

DATELINE: THIRUVANANTHAPURAM


THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, July 21 -- Envisaging the development of rural market
infrastructure, the Vegetable and Fruit Promotion Council, Keralam (VFPCK) will
provide additional support to existing farmers' markets at a cost of Rs 4.5
crore. The working group of the Agriculture Department has given administrative
sanction to the proposals in this regard.

The scheme having two components targets formation of 22 new collection centres
and 14 new bulking points and strengthening of the existing 260 farmers' markets
and 84 collection centres established by the Council. Opening 10 new retail
outlets and strengthening of the existing 15 retail outlets, providing
infrastructure support through land and building to 10 new farmer markets and
strengthening of the existing infrastructure support for farmers' markets are
the other targets.

VFPCK chief executive officer N Vijayan told 'Express' that the working group
had sanctioned Rs 7.25 crore, including that for the expansion of the farmers'
markets. Rs 3.25 crore has been sanctioned for a participatory development
model, he said.

Establishing 10 new agro clinics in farmers' markets, enhancing and sustaining
the income levels of farmers through effective supply chain management avoiding
middlemen and reducing marketing costs are the objectives. There is also a
proposal to set up an efficient market intelligence system to help farmers.

The Council proposes to start 14 new markets during the 2011-12 financial year,
which will take the total number of VFPCK markets in the state to 274. Rs 35.90
lakh has been earmarked for market stabilisation and strengthening support for
existing farmers' markets, computerisation of markets, setting up of agro
clinics etc. It is also proposed to construct permanent buildings for the market
activities of Swasraya Karshaka Samithis (SKS) at a cost of Rs 15 lakh for each
building.

Support for SKS Consortium

The VFPCK will extend support to the Swasraya Karshaka Samithi (SKS) Consortium
for better price realisation and retailing through the expansion of farmers'
markets.

The proposal envisages the establishment of group marketing centres for
perishables, strengthening of existing farmers' markets and diversification of
the activities of the district-level apex body of farmers' markets titled
Swasraya Karshaka Samithi Consortium.

Market intervention support during glut situations, fair price support to fruit
and vegetable farmers, strengthening of existing retail outlets etc are planned
under this scheme.

The activities of the district-level farmers' market consortium will be
streamlined and coordination of farmers' markets all over the state will be
undertaken. The project envisages the construction of an office building for the
SKS Consortiums at a cost of Rs 12 lakh and transportation support for self-help
groups at a cost of Rs 50 lakh.

Rs 50 lakh has been earmarked for providing fair price support to farmers when
market prices fall below the base price. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from New Indian Express. For any query with respect to this article
or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              July 6, 2007 Friday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

A bumper crop;
A new generation of farmers' markets is sprouting across Western New York

BYLINE: By Katie Reedy - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 789 words


The second golden age of farmers' markets has arrived, and we're living in it.

In just eight years, new markets have appeared in Alden, Kenmore, Clarence,
Springville, Bidwell Park in Buffalo, and, this year, Holland, Williamsville,
and the University at of Buffalo's South Campus.

Together, they are the new generation of farmers' markets, updated versions of
old town square-style bazaars that have flourished here -- buoyed by upstate
agriculture -- for decades.

In the 1970s and '80s, markets opened in East Aurora, downtown Buffalo's Main
Place Mall and Hamburg -- and the century-old North Tonawanda city market was
remodeled. Other markets in Lockport, Niagara Falls and Clinton-Bailey have been
around even longer.

National figures show the sudden doubling of local farmers' markets is on track
with recent trends. The federal government reports that the number of farmers'
markets nationwide spiked between 1994 and 2006 from about 1,700 to about 4,400.

"There are definitely more people and vendors now," said Karen Vilonen of the
Bidwell market, adding that the surrounding community immediately embraced the
idea.

"It's more than a farmers' market, it's a social event on Saturday mornings,"
she said. "A lot of our customers walk here."

John Long, who manages the North Tonawanda market, which boasts up to 75 vendors
at a time and brings in gross profits of about $35,000 each year for the city,
said managers have stopped by his market for tips.

"You see markets springing up all over," he added.

He said he has also noticed an increase in customers at his own market, noting
that "easily" 10,000 people attend the market on Saturdays in the summer. "A lot
of younger people are coming in . . . people who say they used to come here as a
child," he said.

Betty Newell, manager of the 30-year-old Hamburg market, said she has offered
advice on everything from promotions to finding vendors, and that she has also
benefited from new markets. "Every summer, I make sure I get out to everyone's
markets . . . You can really learn so much," she said.

Marjorie Wiedemann, who opened a market in Holland this season, said she looked
to more established markets, especially Alden, for advice. "It's tough when you
first start out," Wiedemann said. "You don't have any money . . . Markets like
East Aurora have been around for years -- they don't even have to advertise."

As a result of increased competition, many of the new markets have pioneered
attention-getting tactics.

In general, nouveau markets are both cozier and more self-consciously rooted in
a nostalgic, community-oriented philosophy than their predecessors.

"There are two kinds of markets," said Nancy McIver, manager of the 5-year-old
Clarence market. "The ones with special events and the ones with only vendors."

McIver said her market features a country store, garden lectures, barbecues and
a wine-tasting shack run by a local vineyard. "Some people come just to taste
the wine," she said.

Alden, like Holland, attracts buyers with weekly entertainment. It has held
events like a sheepshearing day, a pie-baking contest and bluegrass and country
music days.

Williamsville has a published, polished schedule of events and performances. On
one recent Saturday, Mayor Mary E. Lowther stood among stands offering brewed
coffee and designer soaps, selling T-shirts bearing the market's professional
logo.

"We have a unique environment here," said co-founder and manager Lynn Schwab.
"We have the Mill, we have Glen Falls Park."

The University at Buffalo's new five-vendor market off Main Street and Kenmore
Avenue features a nutritionist, said coordinator Pamela Beal.

Even Hamburg has refreshed its format to get in step with changing expectations,
adding concerts and community events just this year.

John Parise of the Clinton-Bailey market in Buffalo said that in the last three
years, he has noticed a "correlation" between featured events and an increase in
customers.

"We've cleaned the place up and made it more of a family environment," he said.
Parise estimates up to 8,000 customers stop by on the market's busiest days.

Some markets, however, have felt the pinch of overcrowding, even as business
thrives.

Joan Weiss sells produce at one of the two regular booths left at the Kenmore
market, which opened in 2001.

"We've got more people [as buyers] now than when we started coming," she said.
"But [traffic] has leveled off here."

She cited both loyalty to old markets and interest in new ones as possible
reasons for the decline.

"They'll get in their cars and drive all the way to Tonawanda since they're so
used to going there," she said of potential buyers, adding that she has seen
other curious customers venture to Williamsville and Clarence.

e-mail: kreedy@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Charles Lewis/Buffalo News Customers shop for vegetables at one of the
oldest farmers' markets in the area in North Tonawanda. Charles Lewis/Buffalo
News Customers shop for vegetables at one of the oldest farmers' markets in the
area at Robinson and Payne avenues in North Tonawanda. Charles Lewis/Buffalo
News Adell Fletcher of Buffalo, left, shops for flowers at downtown Buffalo's
farmers' market at Main Place Mall.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Carrick Gazette

                           October 17, 2012 Wednesday

Farmers' market finalised for Ballantrae

LENGTH: 384  words


BALLANTRAE is set to host a bumper crop of gastro-delights as the village
prepares for its first ever farmers' market.

Craigiemains Garden Centre and the Ballantrae Development Group (a sub-committee
of the Community Council) are joining forces with the Ayrshire Farmers Market
Cooperative, Savour the Flavours, and the Galloway and Southern Ayrshire
Biosphere project to bring Carrick its inaugural event.

Having secured funding from sources including LEADER, the Scottish Government,
UNESCO and the European Rural Development Fund as well as from those listed
above, organisers have been able to coax some of the south of Scotland's most
prestigious local foodie businesses to attend.

Award-winning cheeses, rare meats, terrines, pates, fresh vegetables, jams and
preserves, vegetarian and gluten free food, non-homogenised milk, free range
eggs, and honey will be among the goodies on offer - all locally produced in
Ayrshire and Dumfries and Galloway.

Susan Crosthwaite of Ballantrae B&B Cosses Country House has been enthusiastic
about the event from the outset.  She said: "Bringing events to Ballantrae and
Carrick in conjunction with Dumfries and Galloway has always been a great
aspiration of mine through the promotion of Holiday Southern Scotland. This
Farmer's Market does just that, collaboratively bringing together food tourism
throughout South West Scotland."

Howard Wilkinson of the Ayrshire Farmers' Market and Food Network said: "We are
delighted to be involved with this innovative  project and look forward to
introducing some of the area's most interesting artisan food to a wider
audience."

Craigiemains Garden Centre's Anne McCulloch said she was delighted to be hosting
the event.

"A Farmers' Market is a bit of a departure for us but we are looking forward to
welcoming locals and visitors not only to the Market, but also to our coffee
shop, gift shop and children's play area after they've made their purchases,"
she said.

"Let's hope the weather is kind to us!"

Event organiser Colin McNally of the Ballantrae Development Group said said he
was hopeful that visitors and people from the surrounding area will come along
to make the event a success.

The farmers' market will take place on Sunday October 21 between from 11am-3pm
at Craigiemains Garden Centre, Main Street, Ballantrae.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SGCK


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Carrick Gazette

                            October 16, 2012 Tuesday

Farmers' market finalised for Ballantrae

LENGTH: 384  words


BALLANTRAE is set to host a bumper crop of gastro-delights as the village
prepares for its first ever farmers' market.

Craigiemains Garden Centre and the Ballantrae Development Group (a sub-committee
of the Community Council) are joining forces with the Ayrshire Farmers Market
Cooperative, Savour the Flavours, and the Galloway and Southern Ayrshire
Biosphere project to bring Carrick its inaugural event.

Having secured funding from sources including LEADER, the Scottish Government,
UNESCO and the European Rural Development Fund as well as from those listed
above, organisers have been able to coax some of the south of Scotland's most
prestigious local foodie businesses to attend.

Award-winning cheeses, rare meats, terrines, pates, fresh vegetables, jams and
preserves, vegetarian and gluten free food, non-homogenised milk, free range
eggs, and honey will be among the goodies on offer - all locally produced in
Ayrshire and Dumfries and Galloway.

Susan Crosthwaite of Ballantrae B&B Cosses Country House has been enthusiastic
about the event from the outset.  She said: "Bringing events to Ballantrae and
Carrick in conjunction with Dumfries and Galloway has always been a great
aspiration of mine through the promotion of Holiday Southern Scotland. This
Farmer's Market does just that, collaboratively bringing together food tourism
throughout South West Scotland."

Howard Wilkinson of the Ayrshire Farmers' Market and Food Network said: "We are
delighted to be involved with this innovative  project and look forward to
introducing some of the area's most interesting artisan food to a wider
audience."

Craigiemains Garden Centre's Anne McCulloch said she was delighted to be hosting
the event.

"A Farmers' Market is a bit of a departure for us but we are looking forward to
welcoming locals and visitors not only to the Market, but also to our coffee
shop, gift shop and children's play area after they've made their purchases,"
she said.

"Let's hope the weather is kind to us!"

Event organiser Colin McNally of the Ballantrae Development Group said said he
was hopeful that visitors and people from the surrounding area will come along
to make the event a success.

The farmers' market will take place on Sunday October 21 between from 11am-3pm
at Craigiemains Garden Centre, Main Street, Ballantrae.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SGCK


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 2013 Fordham Urban Law Journal
                           Fordham Urban Law Journal

                                   May, 2013

                           Fordham Urban Law Journal

                           40 Fordham Urb. L.J. 1265

LENGTH: 23242 words

CONTENT: ARTICLE: HEALTHY REFORM, HEALTHY CITIES: USING LAW AND POLICY TO REDUCE
OBESITY RATES IN UNDERSERVED COMMUNITIES

NAME: Christine Fry,* Sara Zimmerman,** and Manel Kappagoda***

BIO: * Christine Fry is a Senior Policy Analyst and Program Director focusing on
policies that increase access to healthy food at ChangeLab Solutions. M.P.P.,
University of California, Goldman School of Public Policy.

** Sara Zimmerman is a Senior Staff Attorney and Program Director focusing on
policies that promote active transportation at ChangeLab Solutions. J.D.,
University of California, Berkeley School of Law.

*** Manel Kappagoda is a Vice President at ChangeLab Solutions and the Deputy
Director of The National Policy and Legal Analysis Network to Prevent Childhood
Obesity (NPLAN). J.D., University of California, Hastings College of the Law;
M.P.H., University of California at Berkeley. The authors would like to thank
the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation for their generous support of ChangeLab
Solutions' childhood obesity prevention work. They would like to thank Marice
Ashe, Amy Ackerman, and Steven Sugarman for their helpful comments on drafts of
the article. They would also like to thank Karla Hampton for her contribution to
the discussion of the New York City portion size policy and Ellie Gladstone for
her research and editorial assistance.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... As we explore later, the federal government established a national obesity
prevention strategy through the ACA, recommending specific interventions based
on the best available data and providing funding to states and communities to
implement community-based interventions.  ... The Affordable Care Act
Establishes a National Prevention Strategy The ACA establishes the National
Prevention, Health Promotion, and Public Health Council (the "Council"), whose
mandate is to provide federal coordination and leadership in prevention,
wellness, and health promotion.  ...  New York Presbyterian has provided funding
through its community benefit program for initiatives that focus on children's
health and creating healthy school environments.  ... A Policy Framework for
Addressing Disparities in Obesity Rates As discussed above, policy change
strategies are crucial for reducing obesity rates and eliminating disparities.
... The policymaking approach described above requires that policymakers have
access to local data on obesity rates and delve into such data in sufficient
detail that a nuanced picture of the various factors affecting obesity rates in
different demographic groups emerges.  ... The Framework The framework covers
five broad approaches to crafting policies that reduce obesity and related
health disparities: (1) general policies; (2) policies focusing on the
demographic group experiencing poor health, including policies based on race or
ethnicity and policies based on income; (3) policies based on the health problem
in question, both policies that focus on health indicators and policies that
focus on unhealthy practices and products; (4) policies based on location; and
(5) policies that address residential segregation.  ... Presumably, if there are
disparities, such a targeting process will provide the desired resources to the
group of concern, and to the extent that it ends up also incidentally
encompassing other neighborhoods or groups, the benefits of addressing these
health problems may not detract from the reduction in health disparities.  ... A
variant of health impact assessments known as "health disparity impact
assessments" are an emerging tool designed to "inform policymakers of likely
impacts of proposed policies and programs on health and healthcare disparities
among racial and ethnic minorities, and to reduce disparities through improving
new policies and programs."

TEXT:
 [*1266]

   Introduction

 South Los Angeles is a low-income African-American and Latino neighborhood with
disproportionately high obesity rates - 35% of the adult population is obese,
compared to 22% in Los Angeles County as a whole. n1 South Los Angeles was once
a thriving middle class African-American neighborhood, but it became
impoverished when, as in many cities, jobs and higher-income residents left the
urban core. n2 Fast food restaurants were abundant, yet residents had no
[*1267]  access to a grocery store. n3 In 2008, residents decided to change that
by pushing the Los Angeles city council to place a moratorium on new fast food
restaurants in the neighborhood, while also offering a package of incentives to
attract a new grocery store. n4 The incentive package successfully attracted at
least four grocery store developments to the neighborhood. n5 The targeted
strategy was considered controversial by some because it focused on an African
American and Latino neighborhood and was perceived by outsiders as
paternalistic. n6 But what many didn't realize is that neighborhood groups
supported the fast food restrictions. n7

   The South Los Angeles example illustrates the challenges urban communities
across the United States face. Obesity is one of many chronic conditions that
people of color experience disproportionately, putting them at greater risk for
many serious preventable diseases such as diabetes, heart disease and cancer. n8
In this Article, we focus on the national obesity epidemic and discuss ways to
use policy interventions, such as those that improved access to healthy food in
South Los Angeles, to reduce disparities experienced by underserved communities
and specific racial and ethnic groups.

   We start with an overview of the obesity epidemic and its underlying causes -
the social determinants of health. Next, we review the role of government in
ending the obesity epidemic, including a discussion of Affordable Care Act (ACA)
provisions that support population-level interventions to address the epidemic.
Enterprising local and state governments have been leading the way on obesity
prevention for a decade. A number of provisions within  [*1268]  the ACA,
however, provide an unprecedented opportunity to "scale up" obesity prevention
activities. The ACA specifically calls on policymakers in states and localities
to identify strategies to reduce obesity rates among populations bearing the
brunt of the epidemic, namely people of color and low-income people. Finally, we
propose a framework for developing disparities-focused obesity prevention
policies. Policymakers at all levels of government can use this tool to help
them decide how to allocate their limited resources to policies that directly
address disparities in obesity rates. This framework is intended to support
communities and states that will be heeding the federal government's call to
action on obesity and health disparities.

   I. The Obesity Epidemic and Social Determinants of Health

 Social and environmental factors, such as the proliferation of fast food
restaurants or lack of safe sidewalks for walking, are different in different
communities; these disparate conditions lead to worse health outcomes for people
of color and people with low incomes. n9 In this section, we provide an overview
of the obesity epidemic in the United States and how social and environmental
factors increase the risk for obesity and related chronic diseases.

   A. Rising Obesity Rates

 Since the late 1970s, adult obesity rates n10 have more than doubled, n11 while
the rates for children and adolescents have tripled in the same  [*1269]  time
period. n12 Currently, 17% of children and adolescents in the nation are obese,
a proportion that has risen significantly since the 1980s. n13 Approximately 36%
of adult men and women in the U.S. are obese, representing a significant
increase in a twelve-year period for men, but not women. n14 Although adult
obesity rates are still rising, the rate of increase is not as rapid as in
previous decades. n15

   Obesity is a national concern because it is a risk factor for cancer,
diabetes, and a host of other debilitating and potentially deadly diseases. n16
Obese children are more likely to have asthma, diabetes, joint problems, and
even early signs of heart disease. n17 They are also more likely to be obese
adults. n18 Obesity puts adults at greater risk for an even longer list of
diseases and conditions, including cancer, liver disease, and stroke. n19 Obese
children are teased and bullied and, as a result, experience anxiety,
depression, and many other mental  [*1270]  health problems. n20 Obese adults
are less likely to be hired and promoted and make less money than their healthy
weight peers. n21 Treatment of obesity and related diseases costs the United
States healthcare system an estimated $ 147 billion annually, which translates
to approximately $ 1,400 in additional spending per obese person compared to
people with healthy weights. n22 Obesity costs employers over $ 30 billion
annually in lost productivity. n23

   Some groups bear a greater burden of obesity than others. The most striking
obesity disparities are those between whites, African Americans, and Latinos.
Twenty-one percent of Latino children and adolescents and 24% of
African-American children and adolescents are obese, while only 14% of white
children are obese. n24 Disparities also exist for adults, with 50% of African
Americans and 38% of Latinos being obese, compared to 35% of whites. n25
Variation in obesity rates across incomes is more complex. n26 With some
exceptions, obesity rates generally decline as income increases for both adults
and children. n27 Some studies, however, have found that obesity rates rise with
income for African American and Latino men,  [*1271]  which may reflect
different body size norms for men or a greater likelihood that lower-income men
have physically-demanding jobs. n28

   B. How the Social Determinants of Health Drive Obesity Disparities

 Why have obesity rates increased so dramatically in the past several decades,
and why do they vary among different racial and economic groups? Social and
environmental conditions, ranging from income to race to air quality and more,
are considered to be the main factors determining health outcomes. n29 These
factors are known as the social determinants of health. n30 This concept has
existed in global health circles for decades, n31 but has only recently been
applied systematically in the United States. n32

   The emphasis on social determinants of health in obesity prevention stems
from a growing body of research linking socioeconomic status, race, and
ethnicity to obesity. The differences in health outcomes according to these
factors are known as health  [*1272]  disparities. n33 By most measures, health
improves consistently as socioeconomic status (i.e., income and education)
rises, for nearly all racial and ethnic groups. n34 For example, infant
mortality rates decline as maternal education levels increase for African
American and white babies. n35 Life expectancy, diabetes rates, and heart
disease rates all improve as incomes rise for African Americans, Latinos, and
whites. n36

   Some health disparities experienced by people of color can be explained by
differences in socioeconomic status. n37 But others cannot. Despite the positive
health effects of education and income for all races and ethnicities, African
Americans and Latinos at the highest education and income levels still have
worse health than whites at the same, and even lower, education and income
levels. n38 For example, infants born to African American mothers with at least
a college degree have lower birth weights than infants born to white mothers
without a high school degree. n39 Latinos born in the United States and African
Americans have worse health than whites, even when researchers control for
socioeconomic status. n40 Long-term disadvantage and discrimination likely
explain these health disparities, although researchers are still exploring
exactly how these experiences lead to poor health. n41

    [*1273]  Neighborhood quality is another social determinant of health that
is intertwined with socioeconomic status, race, and ethnicity. n42 African
Americans often live in highly segregated neighborhoods that have high levels of
poverty and few amenities that promote health. Even higher-income African
Americans are more likely than lower-income whites to live in neighborhoods with
low-quality housing and limited services. n43 Residents of segregated areas
often do not have access to recreational facilities or safe streets where they
can be physically active. n44 Communities of color also have fewer supermarkets
and more fast food restaurants. n45 Parks and grocery stores are
health-promoting infrastructure and are associated with lower rates of obesity,
diabetes, and other chronic conditions and diseases, but are not available in
every neighborhood. n46 In the next sections, we consider how policy
interventions can address the social determinants of health and reduce health
disparities in the obesity epidemic.

[*1274]

   II. Using Law and Policy to End the Obesity Epidemic

 The obesity prevention movement n47 has focused on changing environments that
promote over-consumption of junk food and physical inactivity, with the goals of
changing social norms n48 about personal nutrition and physical activity and,
ultimately, reducing obesity rates. n49 These strategies - which are based on
lessons learned from the earlier tobacco control movement n50 - use policy to
change the context of people's lives, to "make healthy options the default
choice, regardless of education, income, ... or other societal factors." n51 As
the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) director Thomas Frieden
notes, "the defining characteristic of [these strategies] is that individuals
would have to expend significant effort not to benefit from them." n52

   Traditionally, public health practitioners used education campaigns to inform
the public about health threats and how to avoid them, with the goal of stopping
risky behaviors, like unprotected sex and smoking. n53 For example, during the
early years of the tobacco control  [*1275]  movement, public health advocates
learned that aggressive media campaigns showing the harms of smoking were more
effective when combined with policy strategies that changed the environment by
making it more difficult to smoke in public. n54 Namely, tobacco taxes and clean
indoor air laws both have been shown to decrease smoking rates by ten percent or
more by themselves, whereas media campaigns are most effective when combined
with tobacco control policies. n55 There is growing evidence that this approach
- known as social norm change n56 - is a more successful, and cost-effective,
approach to reducing premature death and chronic disease rates. n57 In the
obesity prevention context, local laws that prevent fast-food restaurants from
being sited near schools, n58 limit portion sizes of sugary drinks, n59 and
facilitate the development of grocery stores n60 serve to nudge people into
thinking differently about the unhealthy social norms related to food that we
have adopted as a society.

   Before the passage of the ACA, a number of related but distinct obesity
prevention efforts incorporated this social norm change approach. In 2010, for
example, the CDC provided significant funding and technical assistance to
communities developing obesity  [*1276]  prevention initiatives through its
Communities Putting Prevention to Work (CPPW) initiative, n61 which was funded
by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (commonly referred to as
ARRA or the Stimulus Act). n62 ARRA set aside $ 650 million to be administered
by the CDC for the purpose of carrying out "evidence-based clinical and
community-based prevention and wellness strategies ... that deliver specific,
measurable health outcomes that address chronic disease rates." n63 Through the
CPPW initiative, the CDC funded fifty local communities across the country to
implement prevention strategies to reduce obesity and tobacco use. n64 In total,
the funded communities had more than 55 million residents, expanding the reach
of prevention policy to a substantial proportion of the U.S. population. n65 At
the same time, First Lady Michelle Obama's Let's Move campaign raised the
profile of childhood obesity exponentially. n66

   Philanthropic initiatives targeting obesity predated the CPPW program. In
particular, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation (RWJF) identified childhood
obesity prevention as one of its major program areas in the early 2000s and has
since committed significant resources to reversing the alarming trends in
obesity rates. n67 Recognizing the toll the epidemic takes on communities of
color, RWJF has invested heavily in supporting public health research that
focuses on these communities. n68 Thus, communities moved to action by the
funding and vision articulated in the ACA have a firm foundation to build upon.

    [*1277]  The obesity prevention movement's work, whether privately or
publicly funded, centers around five broad goals, as described in a 2012 report
by the Institute of Medicine (IOM), a prestigious national nonprofit that
provides independent, evidence-based advice to governmental bodies n69:



   . Increasing physical activity levels;



. Increasing access to healthy foods and beverages and limiting access to
unhealthy foods and beverages;



. Changing messages about nutrition and physical activity, including limiting
junk food marketing to children;



. Working with healthcare providers, insurers, and employers; and



. Improving nutrition and physical activity in schools.

 As the IOM notes, this multi-faceted approach is necessary when addressing an
epidemic like obesity, which is caused by many different external factors. n70
The laws and policies used to implement these goals address the role of
environments (e.g., schools, neighborhoods, media) in the obesity epidemic. n71
For example, we know that people are more physically active when they have
sidewalks. n72 Local policymakers can establish street design standards to
ensure that safe sidewalks are available throughout the community to encourage
residents to walk in their neighborhoods, increasing physical activity levels.
n73

   In the next section, we provide a brief overview of the legal framework that
regulates public health in the United States. This discussion is not meant to be
a comprehensive discussion of the laws that govern public health in the United
States. Rather, it serves to ground the later discussion of the ACA and the
relationship between this landmark federal law and local obesity prevention
policies.

[*1278]

   A. The Power to Regulate Public Health

 Most policy interventions designed to help people live, work, and play in
healthier environments flow from the police power, which is the inherent
authority of the state to protect and promote the health, safety, morals, and
general welfare of the people. n74 Specifically, under the Tenth Amendment of
the Constitution, "The powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the states, are reserved to the states
respectively, or to the people." n75 As there is no federal police power
enumerated in the U.S. Constitution, the police power resides with states. n76

   All states, to varying degrees, delegate their police power to local
governments. n77 The ability to protect public health is a traditional function
of the police power. n78 Thus states and many localities have the presumptive
authority to pass public health laws. The laws typically address zoning,
licensing, retail operations, and so on, and are generally subject to "rational
basis review" - a legal standard that is very deferential to government actions.
n79 The regulations need only bear a rational relationship to a legitimate
government purpose. n80

   As states and localities explore how best to address their residents' needs
related to their health and welfare under the police power, some of the most
interesting policy innovations occur. Consequently, the initial impetus for
action on a public health issue frequently comes from localities and states that
want to be responsive to the needs of their communities. Massachusetts provides
a relevant example of state-level policy innovation that led to federal action.
In 2006, the state passed a law that transformed its healthcare system by
expanding health insurance coverage to the state's uninsured  [*1279]
population. n81 This law is widely regarded as the model for the ACA, although
the federal law is much broader and includes a range of national initiatives
that could not be contemplated under a single state's law. n82

   Although the federal government has no general police power, the enumerated
powers that Congress and the president may exercise - such as Congress's ability
to regulate interstate and international commerce - have been interpreted very
broadly; n83 thus, there is often concurrent national and state regulation of
public health. n84 Furthermore, the federal government uses its power to tax and
spend to allocate resources to states and localities for public health
activities. n85

   Health and Human Services (HHS) is the agency that oversees most of the
programs that fund public health activities. HHS houses eighteen operating
divisions, which include the CDC and the National Institutes of Health. n86
These national agencies have access to research and data that enable them to
identify trends, share best practices, and coordinate efforts among states. n87
When confronting a national health threat like obesity, the federal government
can use its resources to guide a national response by developing response plans,
providing data to inform the response, and directing funding for state and local
responses. n88 Armed with this funding and data, states and localities can
implement plans and create policies that respond to the unique needs of their
communities. As we explore later, the federal government established a national
obesity prevention strategy through the ACA, recommending specific interventions
based on the  [*1280]  best available data and providing funding to states and
communities to implement community-based interventions. This delegation of
responsibilities reflects the importance of state and local control through the
police power in public health policy development.

   The ACA established a national framework that incorporates the obesity
prevention goals identified above and supports the use of policy and law to
change social norms and reverse the obesity epidemic. n89 It provides crucial
national coordination of and funding for state and local responses. n90 Most
importantly, it elevates health disparities as a problem of national concern
that all states and localities should be addressing as part of public health
practice. n91 In the next section, we delve into the specific ways that the ACA
moves obesity prevention forward.

   B. How the Affordable Care Act Supports Community-Based Obesity Prevention
Strategies

 The ACA, signed into law in 2010, represents the most significant regulatory
overhaul of the United States healthcare system since the passage of Medicare
and Medicaid in 1965. n92 Broadly speaking, it represents a sea change for the
role of prevention in our healthcare system. Through the National Prevention
Strategy and the Prevention and Public Health Fund, the federal government has
now created and funded a national plan for prevention. The Strategy and the Fund
identify obesity as a key national health threat.

    [*1281]  As noted above, the federal government's power to protect public
health comes primarily from the Commerce Clause of the U.S. Constitution, which
states that Congress shall have the power "to regulate Commerce with foreign
Nations, and among the several States." n93 This power is reflected in the ACA
provisions that increase access to health insurance; n94 it is also exercised in
the law's groundbreaking provisions that provide robust funding for public
health prevention. n95 In particular, for our purposes here, the ACA provides
financial support to state and local governments that want to address the
obesity epidemic, n96 as well as evidence-based interventions to improve
nutrition and physical activity rates in communities. n97

   The ACA provisions that increase funding for population-based prevention
efforts and articulate a vision of prevention as a national health priority hold
the most promise for addressing disparities in obesity rates because of the
broad impact these provisions can have. Thus, the discussion below focuses on
three elements of the ACA that we believe are most relevant to addressing
obesity rates in low-income communities of color.

[*1282]

   1. The Affordable Care Act Establishes a National Prevention Strategy

 The ACA establishes the National Prevention, Health Promotion, and Public
Health Council (the "Council"), whose mandate is to provide federal coordination
and leadership in prevention, wellness, and health promotion. n98 The Council is
composed of the heads of seventeen federal agencies, including the Departments
of Agriculture, Defense, and Education, and chaired by the Surgeon General. n99
The diversity of the agencies represented reflects the wide range of expertise
needed to address the root causes of poor health at the population level.

   In 2011, the Council developed a National Prevention and Health Promotion
Strategy (the "Strategy"). n100 The Strategy lays out national priorities for
wellness and prevention. n101 Although the concepts within the NPS are not
particularly groundbreaking - most of the ideas have been implemented in one
form or another by enterprising cities or states - the existence of the Strategy
elevates the importance of prevention nationally and validates and coordinates
these efforts. As Dr. Regina Benjamin, the United States Surgeon General, noted
in her introduction:



   The National Prevention Strategy will move us from a system of sick care to
one based on wellness and prevention. It builds upon the state-of-the-art
clinical services we have in this country and the remarkable progress that has
been made toward understanding how  [*1283]  to improve the health of
individuals, families, and communities through prevention. n102

 The ACA requires that every year from 2010 to 2015, the Council must release an
annual report to the President and Congress about the progress made in reaching
the goals within the Strategy. n103

   The overarching goal of the Strategy is to increase the number of Americans
who are healthy at every stage of life. It has four strategic directions:
healthy and safe community environments; clinical and preventive services;
empowered people; and the elimination of health disparities. n104 The strategic
directions serve as guiding principles for priority areas, which include the
promotion of healthy eating and active living, core obesity prevention
approaches.


     Figure 1


Figure 1. n105

  [*1284]  The Strategy makes a number of recommendations to promote healthy
eating, including increasing access to healthy and affordable foods in
communities. n106 Typically, the communities experiencing the highest obesity
rates are those with high rates of poverty, limited healthy food outlets, and
many fast-food restaurants. These neighborhoods are known as "food deserts",
healthy food is readily available. n107 The Strategy highlights the Healthy Food
Financing Initiative as an effective federal response to food deserts. n108 This
initiative is a coordinated effort by the Departments of Treasury, Agriculture,
and Health and Human Services to facilitate the construction of healthy food
retail outlets and other projects that make healthy food available in
high-poverty communities. n109 Different grant and loan programs within the
three agencies provide financing and technical assistance to support the
development of grocery stores and other outlets in underserved communities. n110
Additionally, the Strategy encourages state, tribal, local, and territorial
governments to use their police power to help communities create healthy food
environments by establishing zoning regulations that enable full-service
supermarkets and farmers markets to locate in underserved neighborhoods, and by
using zoning codes to discourage the disproportionately high availability of
unhealthy foods in some communities. n111

   Land use policy, established by local governments under their police powers,
also plays a critical role in the Strategy's active living recommendations. For
example, the Strategy highlights the fact that "physical activity levels are
lower in low-income communities and among children of color, due in part to
people feeling unsafe in their communities. n112 One of its recommendations is
that federal, state, and local community design guidelines should include
features that  [*1285]  encourage neighborhood safety, thereby increasing
residents' willingness to be physically active outdoors. n113

   2. The Affordable Care Act Creates a Prevention and Public Health Fund

 The ACA includes the first dedicated federal funding source for prevention and
public health programs. The Prevention and Public Health Fund ("Fund") is
designed to expand and sustain the necessary capacity to prevent disease, detect
it early, manage conditions before they become severe, and provide states and
communities the resources they need to promote healthy living. n114 Before now,
there has never been dedicated funding of this magnitude for prevention
activities. n115 This significant investment, which begins at $ 500 million per
year and increases to $ 2 billion per year by 2022, will drastically improve and
expand the capacity of public health efforts, saving thousands of lives and
improving the health of many millions of Americans. n116 Although the Fund
supports prevention initiatives at the federal and state level, the largest
percentage of funding in 2011 and 2012 - forty percent - went to local
prevention activities. n117 This focus is in keeping with the strong emphasis on
local control in public health prevention activities.

   The Community Transformation Grant program (CTG), within the Fund, provides
grants to state and local governments, community-based organizations, and tribes
to implement and evaluate evidence-based community preventive activities aimed
at reducing rates of chronic disease, addressing health disparities, and
developing an evidence base for future prevention programming. n118 The CTG
priorities overlap with the National Prevention Strategy, but the National
Prevention Strategy is broader in scope. The CTG program  [*1286]  prioritizes
four areas: tobacco-free living; active living; healthy eating; and
evidence-based quality clinical preventive services. n119

   3. The Affordable Care Act Strengthens the Community Benefit Requirements for
Nonprofit Hospitals

 The Affordable Care Act places new requirements on nonprofit hospitals. These
requirements may lead nonprofit hospitals to focus more on community prevention
efforts, rather than just providing healthcare.

   Nonprofit hospitals account for more than half of all hospitals in the United
States; therefore, they are important stakeholders in any attempt to improve
health. n120 The new requirements under the ACA may provide an additional
mechanism for funding community-based obesity prevention strategies. The
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) requires that non-profit hospitals provide
community benefits in order to maintain their favorable tax status. n121 The
federal tax exemption is estimated to be as high as $ 21 billion annually. n122
Over the past decade, Congress has questioned whether nonprofit hospitals are
providing adequate community benefit in exchange for the valuable tax exemption,
both in terms of the quantity and type of community benefit provided. n123

   In response to these concerns, the ACA mandates a number of changes related
to community benefits reporting that may provide opportunities to partner with
hospitals to develop obesity prevention policy strategies. First, the ACA
requires that every nonprofit hospital shall conduct a community health needs
assessment (CHNA)  [*1287]  at least once every three years in order to maintain
their tax-exempt status. n124 Even before the passage of the ACA, many hospitals
prepared CHNAs and developed community-based interventions; however, the ACA
provisions ensure that this practice will become standard. A CHNA lays out the
major health concerns of the community in which a hospital is located and
typically provides information about how a hospital will address these concerns.
Given the high rates of obesity in communities across the country, it is likely
that many of these assessments will identify obesity or related conditions such
as diabetes, heart disease, and strokes as priority areas for intervention. For
example, the 2010 CHNAs of two large nonprofit hospitals in the two largest
cities in the country n125 - New York Presbyterian Hospital in New York City and
Cedars Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles - both identify obesity and related
conditions in the top five health concerns in their respective communities. n126

   The ACA also requires that each nonprofit hospital create an implementation
strategy for how it intends to meet the needs identified by its CHNA. n127 If a
hospital does not adopt the implementation strategy and report to the IRS on how
it is meeting the identified needs in a given year, it may face a $ 50,000
excise tax that year and every subsequent year of non-compliance. n128

   Changes by the IRS may support this new community prevention focus by
nonprofit hospitals. In 2011, the IRS updated the instructions for nonprofit
hospital reporting to state that "some community building activities may also
meet the definition of community benefit." n129 The IRS stated that
community-building  [*1288]  activities include, but are "not limited to,
efforts to support policies and programs to safeguard or improve public health,
access to health care services, housing, the environment, and transportation."
n130 Although the change to the IRS reporting form seems to suggest that
nonprofit hospitals will be able to meet their community benefit obligations
through community-based public health initiatives, it needs to clarify the
meaning of "community-building activities." n131 Prominent public health experts
have called on the IRS to clarify that it will give community benefit credit for
evidence-based activities that fall within the four strategic directions of the
National Prevention Strategy. n132 Given the importance of nonprofit hospitals
in the healthcare sector and the billions of dollars that they must provide in
community benefits, they could be an important leader in obesity prevention
policy.

   A number of the strategies highlighted in the recent CHNAs prepared by
Cedar-Sinai and New York Presbyterian to address obesity rates are closely
connected to policy interventions and provide examples to build upon. For
instance, Cedar Sinai has put resources into health education programs in
preschools and schools to address active living and healthy eating habits. n133
A hospital system like Cedar Sinai could further the impact of its interventions
by partnering with local school districts to inform the development of school
district wellness policies so that school district policy related to students'
healthy habits reinforces the investments that Cedar Sinai is making through its
health education programs.

    [*1289]  New York Presbyterian has provided funding through its community
benefit program for initiatives that focus on children's health and creating
healthy school environments. n134 Funded coalitions working on issues related to
student health have engaged, from time to time, in public policy activities. For
example, staff testified at listening sessions hosted by the New York Council on
Food Policy calling for policy changes that promote healthy foods in underserved
neighborhoods; n135 staff also pushed for the passage of state legislation that
addressed air quality near schools. n136 If all nonprofit hospitals incorporated
public policy components into their community benefits' programs that address
chronic diseases, the collective impact would be substantial.

   In this section, we highlighted three key ACA provisions that provide
unprecedented financial and strategic support for obesity prevention and health
disparities interventions. Much of the policy development needed to support
these interventions occurs at state and local levels. n137 These policies are
the focus of the next sections of this Article.

   C. State and Local Policy to Address Obesity

 For over a decade, public health advocates have recognized the importance of
state and local-level interventions to address the obesity epidemic. n138 State
and local governments are implementing a variety of legal, policy, and voluntary
strategies to change social norms and achieve obesity prevention goals. n139
These strategies define how public resources (time and money) are allocated,
influence private decisions by individuals or businesses, or do both. Public
resource policies determine, for example, where new parks are  [*1290]  built,
how streets are maintained, and what foods are in school vending machines.
Obesity prevention policies that influence private decisions include
sugar-sweetened beverage taxes, as well as zoning policies that allow farmers
markets in residential neighborhoods or require developers to provide bicycle
parking. n140

   As discussed earlier, these strategies can be organized into five broad goals
of the obesity prevention movement. Below are examples of strategies being
pursued at the state and local levels:

    [*1291]
Goal                               Community/State example
Increasing physical activity       The North Carolina Department of
levels                             Transportation is developing a
                                   Statewide Bicycle and Pedestrian Plan
                                   to identify ways the department can
                                   support bicycle and pedestrian
                                   infrastructure and to prioritize
                                   bicycle and pedestrian infrastructure
                                   projects. n141
Increasing access to healthy       Minneapolis, Minnesota adopted an
foods and beverages                ordinance that requires licensed
                                   grocery stores to stock specific
                                   categories of staple foods that match
                                   the product mix stores are required to
                                   stock in order to accept federal
                                   Supplemental Nutritional Assistance
                                   Program benefits. n142
Changing messages about nutrition  Several school districts in suburban
and physical activity              Denver adopted school wellness policies
                                   that established standards for foods
                                   that could be advertised in the
                                   schools. n143
Working with healthcare            The state of Nebraska worked with its
providers, insurers, and employers health insurance provider to reduce
                                   premiums for employees and their
                                   families who enroll in a wellness
                                   program and complete annual health
                                   screenings. The wellness program
                                   provides healthy lifestyle support,
                                   such as health coaching, to
                                   employees. n144
Improving nutrition and physical   The Pueblo of Jemez school district in
activity in schools                New Mexico implemented a policy
                                   requiring after-school programs to
                                   provide 45 minutes of physical activity
                                   and a healthy snack each day. n145

  [*1292]  The exact mix of strategies necessary to decisively reduce obesity
rates is still uncertain, n146 which means that policymakers must try new ideas
and evaluate what works. Much of the innovation in public health policy occurs
at the local level. n147 The Institute of Medicine has repeatedly recognized the
leadership of local governments in the obesity prevention movement. n148 As the
organization noted in a 2009 report,



   Local governments are in a unique position to improve the health of their
communities by advancing local policies that have an impact on the availability
of healthy foods and places for physical activity and that also limit less
healthy options. Local governments have jurisdiction over land use, food
marketing, community planning, and transportation. n149

 Obesity prevention innovation at the local level requires local governments to
have the authority to enact public health laws. Preemption has long been used to
quash innovation at the local level. n150 Recently, the Mississippi legislature
enacted a law intended to prevent local governments from passing laws that limit
portion sizes of sugar-sweetened beverages. n151 This law was a direct response
to New York City's groundbreaking portion size policy. n152 Preemptive laws,
like the one in Mississippi, raise concern because  [*1293]  the obesity
prevention field is still evolving and thus requires evaluation of many
different strategies. n153

   1. Addressing Disparities Through Obesity Prevention Policy

 As noted above, obesity policies generally act by prioritizing public
resources, influencing private decisions, or both. Obesity policy influences
disparities through these same mechanisms. For example, local governments can
reverse health disparities by prioritizing public resources to support healthy
behavior on the part of those experiencing the negative effects of the
disparity. An example appears in the context of crossing guards. Research shows
that children who walk or bike to school experience lower rates of obesity than
those who do not. n154 Crossing guards can make the experience of walking or
biking to school safer n155 and can increase parents' willingness to allow
children to walk or bicycle to school. n156 In Florida, crossing guards at
intersections near schools are currently paid for by a state fund. n157 But in
larger jurisdictions, like Miami-Dade County, the fund cannot cover the entire
cost of a crossing guard and schools must close the funding gap or have fewer
crossing guards than they need. Lower income schools in the City of Miami have
particular difficulty closing this funding gap. n158 A change in state law would
authorize the city to levy a surcharge on fines for school  [*1294]  zone
traffic offenses, enabling the jurisdiction to supply additional crossing guards
to low-income neighborhoods and improve safety for children walking or biking to
school. n159 This change in state law would give local jurisdictions a new
potential source of revenue to support safer walks to school in low-income
neighborhoods.

   Policies that influence private decisions can also affect disparities. Such
policies generally create incentives for health-promoting activities or
deterrents for disease-promoting activities. These incentives or deterrents can
be for businesses or individuals. New York City offers tax and zoning incentives
to grocery store owners who open or expand locations in food deserts, n160
addressing inequitable access to fresh fruits and vegetables. n161 Incentives
such as these are intended to make neighborhoods with limited food access more
attractive to business owners by decreasing the cost of development. n162 Other
policies, like labeling menus with calorie counts and nutrition information, are
intended to influence the behavior of individuals. n163

   Policy change can also be a hybrid of these two categories, affecting both
public and private actions. Taxing sugar-sweetened beverages to reduce their
sale and consumption is an important obesity prevention strategy that affects
both public and private actions. n164 Such taxes generally affect private
behavior by increasing  [*1295]  prices, thereby reducing consumption. n165
Sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) taxes also affect public resources by generating
revenue for the government. n166 A proposal in Vermont, for example, would have
allocated one-third of the tax revenue raised to obesity prevention initiatives
for low-income residents, including subsidies for fruit and vegetable purchases.
n167

   These tax proposals typically generate a strong reaction. Opponents of SSB
taxes criticize them for being regressive, disproportionately hurting low-income
people and people of color who can least afford it. n168 A regressive tax is one
for which low-income people pay a higher percentage of their income than
high-income people. n169 For instance, lower-income people spend a larger share
of their income on food and beverages and consume more SSBs than their
higher-income counterparts. n170 African Americans are more likely to be regular
SSB drinkers. n171 Thus, opponents argue that a SSB tax would affect low-income
people and people of color more than people who are wealthier and white. A
similar argument was raised concerning tobacco taxes, but was successfully
challenged by proponents, who pointed out that low-income people have a higher
prevalence of smoking-related illnesses. n172 Likewise, SSB tax proponents argue
that underserved communities and communities of  [*1296]  color
disproportionately bear the health burdens of SSB consumption. n173

   Although there are signs of progress in reversing the epidemic, little
progress has been made to eliminate, or even narrow, the health disparities
experienced by low-income people and communities of color. n174 Disparities
endure despite an overall flattening obesity rate trend. n175 For example, New
York City recently saw a 6% drop in obesity rates for children in kindergarten
through eighth grades. n176 Looking at the data more closely, however, the
results are not as encouraging. Obesity rates for Latino and African-American
students declined by 3% and 2%, respectively, while rates declined by 8% and 13%
for Asian and white students, respectively. n177 Existing policy efforts do not
appear to be sufficient to eliminate obesity disparities. In the next Part, we
present a framework for identifying disparities-focused policies to improve
nutrition, increase physical activity, and reduce obesity rates.

   III. A Policy Framework for Addressing Disparities in Obesity Rates

 As discussed above, policy change strategies are crucial for reducing obesity
rates and eliminating disparities. Enterprising states and communities have
tried a variety of approaches to addressing obesity disparities, with limited
success. Federal policy now explicitly promotes and provides funding for public
health interventions intended to reverse disparities, n178 which means that more
and more jurisdictions around the country will be looking for ways to improve
health equity among their residents.

    [*1297]  But the path to health equity via policy change is not clear. n179
Although health policy experts have explored health equity policy for decades,
n180 their research generally has not focused on detailed implementation
recommendations. In consequence, few resources exist to guide policymakers in
drafting disparities-focused obesity prevention policies. n181 Policymakers and
the public health community need information about how to craft obesity
prevention policy to decrease disparities. n182

   The task of identifying such tactics is not simple. There has been limited
evaluation of obesity prevention policies themselves, and practitioners are
still learning about how to effectively address obesity, much less how to use
policy to address disparities. n183 Individual communities may report successful
reduction of disparities, n184 but success may follow implementation of multiple
[*1298]  obesity prevention strategies, making it difficult to pinpoint the most
effective strategy or combination of strategies. Without rigorous evaluation, it
is impossible to identify those factors leading to improvements.

   As a starting place, we note that most obesity prevention policies are not
passed with the primary goal of reducing disparities among different groups.
Even when disparities are not part of the public discourse, these policies
nonetheless have an influence on health equity - increasing disparities,
decreasing them, or maintaining the status quo. n185 Our proposed framework lays
out a process by which policymakers can analyze how different policies might
affect disparities, with the goal of prioritizing the policies that are most
likely to decrease disparities. State and local obesity policy efforts over the
last decade, even if most have not focused on disparities, provide lessons to
inform this proposed framework. As policymakers and researchers learn from
future policies, this framework will be refined and restructured, incorporating
new assessments of which strategies work effectively under different conditions
and against different problems.

   A. Evidence for Policymaking

 The types of policies identified in this framework have not been evaluated
sufficiently to establish them as effective at reversing obesity trends and
disparities. Few obesity prevention policies have a  [*1299]  strong evidence
base, n186 which makes it difficult for policymakers to know where to focus
their attention. The Institute of Medicine recently examined the problem of
limited evidence in the obesity prevention movement and concluded that the
movement must not wait for randomized-control trials, considered the gold
standard of evidence in research generally, to validate obesity prevention
strategies. n187 Rather, the field must generate "practice-based evidence" by
evaluating actual policies and programs being implemented across the United
States. n188

   This framework is a decision-making tool, not a guide to evidence-based
policy. Ideally, it will be used to develop disparities-focused policies, which
can then be evaluated and contribute to the evidence base on obesity prevention
strategies. Obesity prevention policies and programs should always have a
built-in evaluation component so that policymakers can learn whether their ideas
are effective and make corrections to improve effectiveness.

   Policymakers should also use epidemiological data during the policymaking
process. The policymaking approach described above requires that policymakers
have access to local data on obesity rates and delve into such data in
sufficient detail that a nuanced picture of the various factors affecting
obesity rates in different demographic groups emerges. n189 Without this level
of understanding, advocates may embrace policy options that are unsuccessful in
decreasing disparities. n190

   According to the IOM, these data characterize the problem and help justify
solutions, even if the solutions themselves lack supportive  [*1300]  evidence.
n191 Fortunately, many components of needed data are available from local and
state health departments.

   B. The Framework

 The framework covers five broad approaches to crafting policies that reduce
obesity and related health disparities: (1) general policies; (2) policies
focusing on the demographic group experiencing poor health, including policies
based on race or ethnicity and policies based on income; (3) policies based on
the health problem in question, both policies that focus on health indicators
and policies that focus on unhealthy practices and products; (4) policies based
on location; and (5) policies that address residential segregation.

   In developing this framework, we have taken equity as the guiding principle
to whether a particular approach is justified or not. By understanding the range
of options and approaches available, policymakers can reverse inequities in our
communities, guaranteeing that all neighborhoods have access to health-promoting
features and no neighborhood bears an unfair burden of disease-promoting
features.

   1. General or Universal Policies

 Sometimes general policies can be effective in decreasing health disparities.
n192 When a general policy has the effect of eliminating a negative condition
for a particular group, it may well function to decrease disparities. n193
General policies are likely to be successful in addressing disparities when they
operate to provide a given resource to everyone.

   Universal national policies may function in this manner. Policies intended to
improve health across the board, such as universal vaccination, may have a
positive effect on disadvantaged  [*1301]  populations. n194 General policies at
the local level may have a similar effect. In 2009, for example, the City
Council of Austin, Texas adopted a resolution providing that all residences in
the urban core should have a family-friendly park or recreation area within a
quarter mile. n195 Such a policy does not differentiate between lower-income and
higher-income residents of a city, and may increase physical activity and reduce
obesity for both groups. Implementing this policy, however, is likely to have
greater effects on physical activity for low-income groups n196: there are
generally fewer parks in low-income areas of town; n197 low-income residents may
have less access to alternative physical activity venues, such as private gyms;
and lower income residents may experience transportation barriers in accessing
more distant parks. n198 Thus, the policy likely will address the unique needs
of a subpopulation while providing a commitment that applies generally.

   General policies may also address disparities in communities in which a large
proportion of the population experiences negative health disparities. When
passing law at the local level in these communities, any successful obesity
prevention policy will likely affect the target population. The population of
Hialeah, Florida, is  [*1302]  ninety-five percent Latino n199 and is tied for
first nationally among cities with the highest proportion of residents speaking
Spanish at home. n200 As a result, policies under consideration to address the
city's childhood obesity problem do not need to specifically target the city's
Latino population in order to address disparities experienced by this group. The
strategies being employed reflect the cultural preferences of Hialeah's
residents, including partnering with vianderos (street vendors) to provide
access to healthy food, and providing public transportation to the flea market,
which includes a daily produce market featuring fruits and vegetables common in
Caribbean and Latin American cuisine. n201 To the extent that these policies are
successful, they will be addressing health disparities.

   Under other conditions, general policies may not be successful in
ameliorating health disparities. n202 For example, if all population groups
receive the same benefit from a new policy, but one group starts out at a
disadvantage, the disparity will be maintained. As discussed above, a community
may desire to increase physical activity opportunities by addressing its parks.
The policy approach noted above required that all homes be within a quarter mile
of a park. But the community might instead take another approach, passing a law
requiring an upgrade of all playgrounds to install new equipment encouraging
physical activity. n203 As noted above, lower-income  [*1303]  neighborhoods
often begin with fewer playgrounds. If such is the case, then this law will
provide larger benefits to more affluent neighborhoods. Such a law is unlikely
to reduce disparities, and indeed may have the effect of exacerbating them. n204
As we will discuss, there are ways to tailor community-wide policies to reduce
inequities in resources, such as by prioritizing underserved areas for new or
renovated infrastructure. n205

   2. Policies Based on Demographic Groups

 Disparities in obesity rates occur across a variety of demographic indicators:
race, income, age, sex, disability, and so on. One strategy to address these
disparities is to draft policy that directly targets those who
disproportionately experience negative health outcomes by focusing on the
demographic group in question. But the legal and political feasibility of these
approaches may depend on whether the demographic group is defined by race or
ethnicity, or instead by some other characteristic, such as income.

   a. Policymaking Based on Race or Ethnicity

 Sometimes policymakers or advocates propose a disparities-focused policy that
explicitly singles out a specific racial or ethnic group at high risk for
disease. For example, the Missouri Office of Minority Health analyzed state data
and found numerous health  [*1304]  disparities affecting people of color in
Missouri. n206 When the office held focus groups to explore the issue, among the
solutions proposed by participants were programs to target health-promoting
resources to identified communities based on race. n207

   Although it may be possible to direct resources to communities by race, it is
significantly harder from a legal standpoint to direct resources through race,
ethnicity, or national origin than it is to use most other ways of categorizing
people. n208 As a result, if a policy is likely to be equally effective in
addressing health disparities without requiring an explicit focus on race, it
will be safer from a legal perspective to take this approach. n209 If, however,
using race is crucial in order for the policy to be effective, such an approach
may be possible.

   The complexity of enacting policies based on race or ethnicity derives from
the jurisprudence surrounding the United States Constitution's Equal Protection
Clause. n210 In addition, many states have laws that prohibit state action based
on race or gender. n211 The Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment
prohibits state and federal governments from denying equal protection of the law
to anyone. n212 Although it originally passed to prevent states from
discriminating against African Americans in the wake of slavery, in  [*1305]
recent decades courts have interpreted the Equal Protection Clause to not only
restrict laws that create burdens for individuals of color, but also to restrict
laws providing benefits for individuals of color. n213 A complex body of law has
developed around questions such as when the government can provide affirmative
action for prospective students, subcontractors, or job applicants, n214 when
government can consider race in prison or school assignments, n215 and so on.

   Supreme Court precedent holds, pursuant to the Equal Protection Clause, that
when a law classifies people by race, national origin, or ethnicity, it is
reviewed skeptically by courts under the rigorous legal standard of strict
scrutiny. n216 For a law to survive strict scrutiny, it must be shown that the
governmental goal or interest in passing the law was compelling, and that the
law was narrowly tailored to accomplish that goal. n217 To demonstrate that the
law is narrowly tailored, it is generally necessary to show that race neutral
alternatives were considered but were insufficient to accomplish the goal. n218
When laws classify people in most other ways - such as income, neighborhood
location, incidence of chronic disease, and so on - the more lenient legal
standard of rational basis review is applied. n219 Rational basis review simply
considers whether the  [*1306]  government action is rationally related to a
legitimate government interest; n220 the government's interest does not need to
be compelling, but can merely be a legitimate potential reason, and the fit
between the act and the interest can be much less exact than under strict
scrutiny. This does not mean that a law burdening a non-protected group will
never be struck down under rational basis review; indeed, such a law might well
be found to be motivated by hostility to the group in question, which is not a
legitimate government interest, and struck down. n221 When rational basis review
is required, however, government action is given considerable deference and is
much more likely to be upheld.

   When a law uses a racially based classification, it is more likely to face a
tougher constitutional challenge. n222 In some contexts, there may be no
substitute for consideration of race or ethnicity. For example, in the context
of housing or education, if a law is seeking to address evidence that social
factors or unconscious bias are leading to racial segregation, there may be no
way to address this problem without an explicit focus on race. n223 Programs
such as Missouri's Minority Infant Mortality Prevention Initiative n224 are
likely based on a conclusion that a racially directed program is necessary to
successfully reduce the huge disparity in mortality rates for African American
infants and other infants of color.

    [*1307]  In contrast to laws focused on bias, in the context of many health
disparities, the primary goal of legislation is to improve poor health in the
most affected individuals. As a result, it may be legally (and politically) less
controversial to pass a law targeting resources to neighborhoods or communities
with poor health indicators. Presumably, if there are disparities, such a
targeting process will provide the desired resources to the group of concern,
and to the extent that it ends up also incidentally encompassing other
neighborhoods or groups, the benefits of addressing these health problems may
not detract from the reduction in health disparities.

   As the Supreme Court's approach in this area continues to evolve, there are
suggestions that governmental action that does not allocate benefits or burdens
to individuals based upon racial classifications, but instead engages in a more
"general recognition of the demographics of neighborhoods," may be subject to a
lesser standard of review than strict scrutiny. n225 Nonetheless, there is
little basis for confidence that this approach will be widely applied to
policies aimed at disparities outside the context of education. Thus, if other
approaches are likely to be equally effective to the race-based approach, but
have less legal risk, it will certainly be wiser to try these approaches.

   b. Policymaking Based on Income

 In contrast to racial or ethnic disparities, if the health disparity in
question involves income or another unprotected classification, there will be
little legal risk under the Equal Protection Clause in explicitly singling out
this target group in legislation addressing the problem. In fact, targeting
people based on income is a common approach to providing government services and
support. The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) and the National
School Lunch Program are two well-known programs that use income to identify
eligible participants. The use of income as a determinant factor is a common one
for individual service provision, while broader policies that influence the food
or physical activity environment more often use the characteristics of an entire
neighborhood as a proxy for income.

    [*1308]  Focusing on recipients of means-tested benefits programs like SNAP
allows policymakers to tailor interventions to focus on the most vulnerable
members of our society. This approach, however, may sometimes venture into
territory that some consider paternalistic. A recent example illustrates the
challenges of trying to implement policies that target low-income individuals.
As discussed earlier, public health experts are increasingly coming to a
consensus that consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages is a major contributor
to a range of serious health conditions. n226 In response, in 2010, the City and
State of New York requested a waiver from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
granting permission for a two-year experiment to prohibit the use of SNAP
benefits for sugar-sweetened beverages. n227 The experiment would have added
sugar-sweetened beverages to a list of other products that cannot be purchased
with SNAP benefits, such as alcohol and tobacco. n228 New York argued that this
policy change would protect the health of SNAP recipients, given that the strong
evidence showing that sugar-sweetened beverages are a major driver of obesity
rates. n229 The USDA denied this request, however, citing concerns about
stigmatizing SNAP participants, among other reasons. n230

   The beverage industry alleged that New York's waiver request was an example
of government overreach. n231 They were joined by advocates for low-income
people, such as the Food Research and Action Center, who felt that the approach
stigmatized SNAP recipients. n232 Nutrition expert Marion Nestle initially
agreed, stating that this approach promoted the idea that low-income individuals
[*1309]  make worse food choices than everyone else, n233 but she subsequently
came to support the ban in light of emerging evidence about the unique negative
effects of liquid sugar, the high levels of obesity, and type 2 diabetes among
low-income New Yorkers. n234

   From another perspective, the proposed policy's most significant effect would
have been to limit governmental support for the unhealthy food industry.
Researchers at the Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity at the Yale School of
Public Health estimated that nationwide, SNAP benefits pay at least $ 1.7 to $
2.1 billion annually for sugar-sweetened beverages purchased in grocery stores.
n235 This price tag raises the question of whether it makes sense for the
government to subsidize the purchase of a class of products known to contribute
significantly to a range of chronic diseases, particularly when the effect of
these diseases is to increase costs to government.

   Other policies and programs focusing on SNAP recipients are not
controversial. Programs to support the fresh fruit and vegetable purchasing
power of low-income consumers are increasingly common. In a number of additional
states and communities, farmers markets have provided double value for consumers
using SNAP benefits to purchase fresh, local fruits and vegetables. n236 Such
programs direct resources to consumers based on income eligibility, encouraging
use of SNAP benefits to obtain more food with the highest nutritional benefits,
while incentivizing the exploration of farmers markets by new customers. n237

[*1310]

   3. Policies Based on Health Indicators or Unhealthy Products and Practices

 Policies can also reduce disparities by focusing directly on the issues of
concern: high prevalence of negative health conditions, such as obesity or
diabetes, and the factors and products that led to them. Each of these areas is
discussed separately.

   a. Policies Based on Health Indicators

 Health indicators are another potential basis for policymaking. By focusing on
specific health risk factors or conditions experienced primarily or
disproportionately by a specific demographic group, policies will reduce health
disparities. n238 Such policies can have a neighborhood focus or can target the
health problem at hand more generally.

   Thus, if a community is concerned about limited access to healthy food by
certain demographic groups, rather than wade into the perilous waters of
targeting resources based on demographic category, a policy could instead
directly address the individuals or neighborhoods of concern by targeting the
health problem itself. For example, in 2008, the New York City Health Department
introduced its Green Carts program to contend with limited access to fruits and
vegetables in low-income neighborhoods. n239 The program created 1,000 new
street vending permits for vendors who would locate in identified food deserts
and sell only fruits and vegetables. n240 The health department selected the
eligible neighborhoods based on population data showing low levels of fruit and
vegetable consumption. n241 The program not only benefited people of color as
customers, but also created entrepreneurship opportunities for new  [*1311]
immigrants from Asia and Latin America, where street vending is common. n242

   When considering this approach, policymakers should be sensitive to two
issues. First, for policies based on individuals' (rather than populations')
obesity measurements, they should be careful not to stigmatize overweight
people. n243 Second, it may be difficult to obtain specific types of health data
at the neighborhood or even community level, making it difficult to craft policy
contingent on health indicators. Obesity and other health indicator data are
most commonly available at the county level, although many large city-level
health departments collect their own data with more discrete neighborhood-level
breakdowns.

   b. Policies Targeted at Practices and Products that Cause Negative Health
Conditions

 A less direct way to improve health outcomes for people of a specific race,
ethnicity, or income is to target specific problems that affect those
experiencing health disparities. For example, Latinos are more likely to report
consuming energy drinks and sports drinks than people of other races or
ethnicities. n244 The soft drink industry currently targets marketing of both of
these beverage lines to Latinos and intends to target more marketing towards
Latinos in the future. n245 Policies that decrease access to these beverages,
while applying throughout a community, could have greater success in reducing
obesity in Latinos, since they are disproportionately likely to consume these
beverages. For example, vending restrictions in public parks and recreation
centers could prohibit these high-calorie beverages from vending machines and
concessions. n246

    [*1312]  Policies that target specific products, however, can spark intense
political debate. In September 2012, the New York City Board of Health enacted a
rule prohibiting New York City's food service establishments, including
restaurants, bodegas, street carts, delis, fast-food franchises, and movie
theaters, from selling sugar-sweetened beverages in any cup or container capable
of holding more than sixteen ounces. n247 The National Association for the
Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) and Hispanic Federation filed an amicus
brief in support of a lawsuit by the American Beverage Association (and other
trade groups) challenging the Board of Health's authority to unilaterally ratify
the soda rule. In the brief, the NAACP and Hispanic Federation assert that the
soda rule "arbitrarily discriminates against citizens and small business owners
in African-American and Hispanic communities" who have to compete with 7-Eleven
and other convenience stores, which are excluded due to a loophole in the law.
n248 Also, these groups argue that the ban is "a superficial and ineffective
attempt" to address a complex health problem that disproportionately affects
African Americans and Latinos. n249 Although the prohibition of sugar-sweetened
beverages over sixteen ounces was ultimately struck down in 2013, n250 this
example illustrates how health advocates have found themselves at odds with
their longtime political allies on the issue of obesity prevention, an
uncomfortable position for many in the public health community.

[*1313]

   4. Policymaking Based on Neighborhood

 Neighborhood-based policies are a common approach to improving specific
environmental drivers of disparities. For example, as discussed previously, the
Los Angeles City Council passed a moratorium on new fast food restaurants in
South Los Angeles in 2008. n251 This moratorium was limited in geographic scope
to South Los Angeles, rather than encompassing the whole city. n252 Many on the
outside perceived this controversial measure as a paternalistic over-reach by
the city council, n253 but the measure actually originated with the
predominantly low-income African American residents of that part of Los Angeles.
n254 The policy was paired with economic development incentives to attract a
grocery store to the neighborhood. n255 By focusing on the needs of the
neighborhoods in question, the measure was tailored to decrease health
disparities in Los Angeles.

   Neighborhood-based policymaking often focuses on limited infrastructure. The
general plan for the city of Santa Rosa, California, includes a requirement to
prioritize park renovation in underserved neighborhoods. n256 New York City
offers tax incentives to new or renovated grocery stores in neighborhoods that
lack healthy food retailers. n257

   A novel policy approach with a neighborhood-based focus is the notion of a
general policy that requires improved environmental conditions (through either
public resource allocation or influencing private decisions) for people affected
by disparities before the rest of the population can experience its benefits.
For example, low-income  [*1314]  neighborhoods may find themselves unable to
convince farmers markets to locate in what may be seen as a less profitable part
of town. In response, the community might pass a policy that initially only
allows new farmers markets to be established in specific areas that need access
to healthy food. Once the underserved neighborhoods have farmers markets, then
new markets can come into other neighborhoods. This approach is a way to
prioritize the needs of people or neighborhoods experiencing disparities. It
allows for new amenities to be established anywhere, but ensures that the
neighborhoods that need them most get those amenities first. It might encourage
people in areas not experiencing disparities to help bring new amenities to
underserved areas.

   a. Policies that Encourage Integration

 As we contemplate neighborhood-based policy solutions, we return to the problem
of residential segregation in the United States. The approaches that we have
described above focus on how to ensure that underserved and low-income
communities have good access to healthy community features and less exposure to
unhealthy features. These approaches provide specific ways to address the
imbalance in resources and amenities among different neighborhoods and
communities. n258

   But a more overarching problem is responsible for fewer resources in
low-income communities and communities of color: the problem of housing
segregation by race and class itself. Housing segregation creates barriers for
individuals from underserved communities who want to access the benefits
available in other wealthier places. n259 As crucial as it is to improve
conditions in low-income communities, high-quality schools and many other key
resources are, for the foreseeable future, likely to be far more widely
available in middle and upper income communities. Promoting residential
integration is  [*1315]  a key goal for healthy communities and the long-term
elimination of health disparities. n260

   Policies that communities can adopt to make it easier for low-income
individuals to live in middle-income neighborhoods include the creation of
permanently affordable housing through trusts and tax protections. n261 Rent
control, development of diverse housing stock, and inclusionary zoning practices
can also assist both in avoiding displacement in neighborhoods that are
developing and in creating new opportunities for diversity in middle-income
neighborhoods. Public health professionals must embrace housing integration
policy as a public health measure crucial to generating long-term community
health improvements and ending health disparities.

   C. Unintended Consequences

 In considering the framework for disparities policy as well as policies more
generally, it is crucial that policymakers remain vigilant for unintended
negative effects on low-income communities and communities of color. n262 Some
unintended consequences may follow relatively directly. For example, some school
districts have banned chocolate milk in school lunches, reasoning that the added
sugar in chocolate milk contributes to obesity and chronic disease. n263 But
African American, Latino, and Asian communities have low calcium and dairy food
consumption, n264 with average intakes near the threshold below which bone loss
and hypertension can occur. n265 If the  [*1316]  removal of chocolate milk
decreases calcium and protein consumption by schoolchildren, then this policy
has the potential to have negative overall health effects for children of color.
n266 Districts can proactively evaluate the actual extent to which removing
chocolate milk decreases calcium intake and explore options such as taking steps
that increase the attractiveness of plain milk and other calcium-containing
foods. n267

   Other effects may be deeply complex. For example, some policies promote
schools that are located close enough to students' homes that students can get
physical activity on the way to and from school. These policies are a reaction
to school siting decisions that have moved new schools farther away from where
students live: in the late 1960s, almost half of elementary school students
lived one mile or less from school, but by 2001, this was true for less than
one-quarter of elementary school students. n268 As a result, only thirteen
percent of today's students get to school by walking or bicycling. n269 One
proposed solution is to adopt policies that encourage small schools located in
residential neighborhoods that nearby children can attend. But a problem emerges
when advocates step back from the health-related goals of school siting work and
consider the social context of neighborhoods. Neighborhoods in the United States
tend to be highly segregated by race and income, and as a result, neighborhood
[*1317]  schools tend to promote increased school segregation, even while
offering specific health benefits to students of all races and incomes. n270

   The challenge of seeking to alter school siting and assignment policies is
illustrated by an ongoing controversy in North Carolina. In 2010 the Wake County
Public School System eliminated its much-lauded income-based integration plan.
n271 This change generated enormous discord, with some embracing the shift as
supporting neighborhood schools, while many feared a return to racial and
economic segregation, with negative effects on academic performance and other
life indicators for low-income students and students of color. n272

   School siting policies can be crafted to support both diversity and
walkability. n273 Such approaches will differ depending on local patterns of
racial and economic segregation, but may include emphasizing school locations
that span different neighborhoods; designating magnet schools to encourage
diverse attendance; creating assignment policies that balance walkability and
diversity; and an emphasis on busing for diversity rather than routine
transport. n274 Without an understanding of the unintended consequence in
question and appreciation of the benefits of integration, physical activity
school siting advocates might have advocated for policies with negative effects
on communities of color, policies that might ultimately increase disparities.

    [*1318]  Addressing unintended consequences is a recurrent challenge in
policymaking. n275 Seeking background information and fully researching the
context of a policy proposal are important first steps. n276 As demonstrated by
the two examples discussed above, proponents must understand both the scientific
and the historical context of a policy arena.

   Another crucial method to ensure that such potential problems are identified
and addressed is listening to key stakeholders n277 and creating meaningful
community engagement. n278 Health impact assessments are a new and increasingly
popular method of creating an authentic community engagement process to identify
the wide range of effects that a policy may have. n279 A variant of health
impact assessments known as "health disparity impact assessments" are an
emerging tool designed to "inform policymakers of likely impacts of proposed
policies and programs on health and healthcare disparities among racial and
ethnic minorities, and to reduce disparities through improving new policies and
programs." n280 Additionally, policymakers  [*1319]  can learn about a
community's health needs through the hospitals' community health needs
assessment (CHNA) process described earlier. Frank conversations can allow
members of a community to flag the negative effects that may not have occurred
to a health-focused team. Furthermore, community members may be able to
challenge general trends or statistics that may not hold true for their
particular community. Responsive community engagement processes also ensure that
the community is generally supportive of the approach selected, so that concerns
about paternalism and undesired burdens are diminished and the effectiveness of
the ultimate policy is increased. n281

   If an adopted policy results in unintended adverse consequences, lawmakers
must be willing to amend the policy to fix the identified problems. n282 Pilot
programs, annual updates, and reports to legislative bodies all provide built-in
processes for addressing unintended consequences. n283 These types of evaluation
procedures can be included in every policy. Policymakers must engage in
research, public outreach, evaluation, and reassessment to ensure that
low-income communities and communities of color actually benefit from a policy.

   Conclusion

 The federal focus on prevention through the ACA provides an opportunity for
concerted local, state, and federal action to reverse and prevent health
disparities. Disparities-focused policymaking is fraught with legal and
political challenges, making it difficult for policymakers to proceed, even with
federal funding and momentum. In this Article, we proposed a framework to guide
policymakers as they contemplate obesity prevention policies that aim to reverse
disparities. Although developed with local and state policymakers in mind, it
can be used at all levels of government.

    [*1320]  One potential use of the disparities framework is as a checklist.
Once a policymaker has identified a particular obesity prevention goal as a
candidate for policy - such as making it safer to walk to school by improving
sidewalks - then she or he can consider the various strategies in the framework
and identify the approach that is most likely to increase physical activity
options for community members most affected by the obesity epidemic. This
process will require data about sidewalk infrastructure, physical activity
levels, and obesity rates for the community so that the improvements can be
focused on the places that need it most.

   To achieve health equity goals, we make the following recommendations for
federal, state, and local governments:



   1. Characterize and monitor health disparities by collecting data. Data
should identify health disparities across the population and catalogue the
resources (or lack thereof) needed to reverse those disparities. Release regular
public reports about health disparities and trends.



2. Build the capacity of public health department staff to interpret health
disparities data, communicate about those disparities with the public, elected
officials, and community partners, and translate disparities data into concrete
strategies.



3. Address health disparities through not only public health policy per se, but
also other areas of policy that affect the social determinants of health.
Poverty, education, and housing segregation all drive health outcomes, yet these
are policy areas that rarely see engagement from the public health community.

 To improve the impact of the ACA on obesity disparities, we recommend the
following implementation-related actions:



   4. Build a broad-based coalition to advocate for the Public Health Prevention
Fund. The public health community must reach out to partners from a diverse
range of sectors, including civil rights, consumer protection, transportation,
and labor, to explain how the Public Health Prevention Fund, and better
population health in general, can further their goals.



5. Hold the National Prevention Council accountable for its stated goals and the
implementation of the National Prevention Strategy, particularly the goals
related to obesity and related health disparities. This can be done by reviewing
the council's annual status reports, responding to requests for comments, and
cultivating relationships with individual members.



6. Ensure that a proportion of hospital community benefits go toward reversing
health disparities by addressing the social  [*1321]  determinants of health at
the community level, not just by providing on-going care and treatment for
existing health problems.

 The ACA has renewed an important national conversation about the obesity
epidemic and health disparities affecting urban and rural areas across the
country. This conversation creates a window for transforming both the health
care and public health systems to focus on prevention and health disparities.
Stakeholders in both systems must work across sectors to seize this opportunity
to improve health equity in the communities they serve.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Constitutional LawCongressional Duties & PowersReserved
PowersGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage & DistributionInsurance
LawIndustry RegulationInsurance Company OperationsPersonal & Public
InformationCommunity Data

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Nicky Bassford et al., Cmty. Health Councils, Inc., Food Res. Dev.
Workgroup, Food Desert to Food Oasis: Promoting Grocery Store Development in
South Central Los Angeles 4 (2010), available at
http://www.chc-inc.org/downloads/Food%20Desert%20to%20Food%20Oasis%20July%202010
.pdf.





n2.  Scott Gold, Central Avenue Is Dreaming Again, L.A. Times, Sept. 25, 2009,
http://articles.latimes.com/2009/sep/25/local/me-southla-centralave25.





n3.  Nicky Bassford et al., Cmty. Health Councils, Inc., Fast Food Restaurant
Report: Promoting Healthy Dining In South Los Angeles 7-9 (2011) [hereinafter
Bassford et al., Fast Food Report], available at
http://www.chc-inc.org/downloads/PB%20Fast%20Food%20Report.pdf; Bassford et al.,
supra note 1, at 7-9.





n4.  L.A., Cal., Ordinance 180103 (2008),
http://clkrep.lacity.org/onlinedocs/2007/07-1658_ord_180103.pdf; see also Cmty.
Redevelopment Agency, City of L.A., Market Opportunities: Incentives for Food
Retailers 1 (2008), available at
http://www.crala.org/internet-site/Development/upload/Market_Opportunities_08.pd
f.





n5.  Bassford et al., Fast Food Report, supra note 3, at 4.





n6.  See Kim Severson, Los Angeles Stages a Fast Food Intervention, N.Y. Times,
Aug. 12, 2008, at F1.





n7.  Bassford et al., Fast Food Report, supra note 3, at 5.





n8.  See Ctrs. for Disease Control & Prevention, CDC Health Disparities and
Inequalities Report - United States, 2011, at 62-65, 73-76, 84-86, 90-93 (Jan.
14, 2011), available at http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/pdf/other/su6001.pdf.





n9.  See generally Youfa Wang & May A. Beydoun, The Obesity Epidemic in the
United States - Gender, Age, Socioeconomic, Racial/Ethnic, and Geographic
Characteristics: A Systematic Review and Meta-Regression Analysis, 29
Epidemiologic Rev. 6 (2007), available at
http://epirev.oxfordjournals.org/content/29/1/6.full.pdf+html.





n10.  For simplicity of reporting data, we will focus on obesity rates. Being
overweight, but not obese, also increases a person's risk of chronic disease.
Obesity and overweight are determined using a person's body mass index. The body
mass index is calculated by dividing a person's weight in kilograms by their
height in meters squared. BMI has been shown to be correlated with body fat.
"Overweight" for adults is defined as having a BMI between 25 and 30, and
"obese" for adults is defined as having a BMI above 30. For children and teens,
"obesity" and "overweight" are defined using BMI-for-age growth charts. Children
are overweight when their BMI falls between the 85th and 95th percentiles.
Obesity in children is defined as having a BMI equal to or above the 95th
percentile. See About BMI for Children and Teens, Ctrs. for Disease Control &
Prevention,
http://www.cdc.gov/healthyweight/assessing/bmi/childrens_BMI/about_childrens_BMI
.html (last visited May 14, 2013); About BMI for Adults, Ctrs. for Disease
Control & Prevention,
http://www.cdc.gov/healthyweight/assessing/bmi/adult_bmi/index.html (last
visited May 14, 2013).





n11.  Cf. Katherine M. Flegal et al., Prevalence and Trends in Obesity Among US
Adults, 1999-2008, 303 J. Am. Med. Ass'n 235, 235 (2010), available at
http://jama.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=185235#ref-joc90148-3.





n12.  Cynthia Ogden & Margaret Carroll, NCHS Health E-Stat, Prevalence of
Obesity Among Children and Adolescents: United States, Trends 1963-1965 Through
2007-2008, at 5 (2010), available at
http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/hestat/obesity_child_07_08/obesity_child_07_08.html
; Cynthia L. Ogden et al., Prevalence and Trends in Overweight Among US Children
and Adolescents, 1999-2000, 288 J. Am. Med. Ass'n 1728, 1731 (2002), available
at http://jama.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=195387.





n13.  Cynthia L. Ogden et al., Prevalence of Obesity and Trends in Body Mass
Index Among US Children and Adolescents, 1999-2010, 307 J. Am. Med. Ass'n 483,
485-87 (2012), available at
http://jama.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=1104932.





n14.  Katherine M. Flegal et al., Prevalence of Obesity and Trends in the
Distribution of Body Mass Index Among US Adults, 1999-2010, 307 J. Am. Med.
Ass'n 491, 493-95 (2012), available at
http://jama.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=1104933.





n15.  Id. at 496.





n16.  Ivana Vucenik & Joseph P. Stains, Obesity and Cancer Risk: Evidence,
Mechanisms, and Recommendations, 1271 Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 37, 38 (2012),
available at
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3476838/pdf/nyas1271-0037.pdf;
Overweight and Obesity: Causes and Consequences, Centers for Disease Control &
Prevention (Apr. 27, 2012), http://www.cdc.gov/obesity/adult/causes/index.html;
Basics About Childhood Obesity, Centers for Disease Control & Prevention (Apr.
27, 2012), http://www.cdc.gov/obesity/childhood/basics.html.





n17.  Basics About Childhood Obesity, supra note 16.





n18.  Id.





n19.  Overweight and Obesity: Causes and Consequences, supra note 16.





n20.  See Shelly Russell-Mayhew et al., Mental Health, Wellness, and Childhood
Overweight/Obesity, J. Obesity 3-4 (June 24, 2012),
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3388583/pdf/JOBES2012-281801.pdf.





n21.  In many cases, these outcomes are the result of weight bias, a term used
for discrimination against children and adults who are overweight or obese. See
Reginald L. Washington, Childhood Obesity: Issues of Weight Bias, Preventing
Chronic Disease: Pub. Health Res., Prac., & Pol'y, Sept. 2011, at A94, available
at http://www.cdc.gov/pcd/issues/2011/sep/pdf/10_0281.pdf. Efforts to decrease
obesity must take care to avoid stigmatizing individuals for obesity and should
fight against such discrimination. See Roberta R. Friedman & Rebecca M. Puhl,
Yale Rudd Ctr. for Food Pol'y & Obesity, Weight Bias: A Social Justice Issue - A
Policy Brief 7, 9 (2012), available at
http://www.yaleruddcenter.org/resources/upload/docs/what/reports/Rudd_Policy_Bri
ef_Weight_Bias.pdf.





n22.  Eric A. Finkelstein et al., Annual Medical Spending Attributable to
Obesity: Payer-and Service-Specific Estimates, 28 Health Aff. w822, w828 (2009),
available at http://content.healthaffairs.org/content/28/5/w822.full.pdf.





n23.  Eric A. Finkelstein et al., The Costs of Obesity in the Workplace, 52 J.
Occupational & Envtl. Med. 971, 975 (2010).





n24.  Ogden, supra note 13, at 485-86.





n25.  See Flegal et al., supra note 14, at 493.





n26.  See, e.g., Gopal K. Singh et al., Dramatic Increases in Obesity and
Overweight Prevalence and Body Mass Index Among Ethnic-Immigrant and Social
Class Groups in the United States, 1976-2008, 36 J. Cmty. Health 94 (2010),
available at
http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2Fs10900-010-9287-9?LI=true#page-1.





n27.  Paula A. Braveman et al., Socioeconomic Disparities in Health in the
United States: What the Patterns Tell Us, 100 Am. J. Pub. Health S186, S191
(2010), available at
http://ajph.aphapublications.org/doi/pdf/10.2105/AJPH.2009.166082; see also Wang
& Beydoun, supra note 9, at 9-11.





n28.  Virginia W. Chang & Diane S. Lauderdale, Income Disparities in Body Mass
Index and Obesity in the United States, 1971-2002, 165 J. Am. Med. Ass'n 2122,
2127 (2005), available at
http://archinte.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=486733; see also Wang &
Beydoun, supra note 9, at 9-12.





n29.  Steven A. Schroeder, We Can Do Better - Improving the Health of the
American People, 357 New Eng. J. Med. 1221, 1225-26 (2007), available at
http://www.nejm.org/doi/pdf/10.1056/NEJMsa073350; see also J. Michael McGinnis &
William H. Foege, Actual Causes of Death in the United States, 270 J. Am. Med.
Ass'n 2207, 2210 (1993), available at
http://jama.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=409171.





n30.  See, e.g., Michael Marmot, Social Determinants of Health Inequalities, 365
Lancet 1099 (2005), available at
http://www.who.int/social_determinants/strategy/en/Marmot-Social%20determinants%
20of%20health%20inqualities.pdf.





n31.  Comm'n on Soc. Determinants of Health, World Health Org., Closing the Gap
in a Generation: Health Equity Through Action on the Social Determinants of
Health 33-34 (2008), available at
http://whqlibdoc.who.int/publications/2008/9789241563703_eng.pdf.





n32.  Howard K. Koh, A 2020 Vision for Healthy People, 362 New Eng. J. Med.
1652, 1656 (2011), available at
http://www.nejm.org/doi/pdf/10.1056/NEJMp1001601. An analysis of social
determinants of health and public policy in the United States contends that the
U.S. focuses primarily on racial and ethnic health disparities, to the exclusion
of social class and income disparities. Furthermore, the United States
emphasizes the role of access to healthcare more so than other social and
environmental factors that drive health outcomes. See Dennis Raphael, Shaping
Public Policy and Population Health in the United States: Why Is the Public
Health Community Missing in Action?, 38 Int'l J. Health Servs. 63, 80-84 (2008),
available at
http://www.mlhc.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/Shaping-public-policy.pdf.





n33.  Paula Braveman & Sofia Gruskin, Defining Equity In Health, 57 J.
Epidemiology & Cmty. Health 254, 254 (2003), available at
http://jech.bmj.com/content/57/4/254.full.pdf+html ("Equity in health can be
defined as the absence of systematic disparities in health (or in the major
social determinants of health) between social groups who have different levels
of underlying social advantage/disadvantage - that is, different positions in a
social hierarchy ... .").





n34.  See, e.g., Braveman et al., supra note 27, at S191.





n35.  Id. at S190, S192.





n36.  Id. at S191, S193.





n37.  Steven H. Woolf & Paula Braveman, Where Health Disparities Begin: The Role
of Social and Economic Determinants - And Why Current Policies May Make Matters
Worse, 30 Health Aff. 1852, 1853-54 (2011).





n38.  Braveman et al., supra note 27, at S191, S193.





n39.  Nat'l Ctr. for Health Stat., Ctrs. for Disease Control & Prevention,
Health, United States, 2011: With Special Feature on Socioeconomic Status and
Health 86 (2012), available at http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/hus/hus11.pdf.





n40.  Eileen M. Crimmins et al., Hispanic Paradox in Biological Risk Profiles,
97 Am. J. Pub. Health 1305, 1307-08 (2007), available at
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1913070. Interestingly, health
disparities between foreign-born Latinos and whites go away when researchers
control for socioeconomic status. See id.





n41.  See, e.g., David R. Williams & Selina A. Mohammed, Discrimination and
Racial Disparities in Health: Evidence and Needed Research, 32 J. Behav. Med. 20
(2009), available at http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2821669; see
also Braveman et al., supra note 27, at S192.





n42.  See, e.g., David R. Williams & Chiquita Collins, Racial Residential
Segregation: A Fundamental Cause of Racial Disparities in Health, 116 Pub.
Health Rep. 404 (2001), available at
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1497358/pdf/12042604.pdf.

   Communities of color and low-income neighborhoods are also more likely to
have sewage treatment plants and other polluting facilities. Rachel
Morello-Frosch et al., Understanding the Cumulative Impacts of Inequalities in
Environmental Health: Implications For Policy, 30 Health Aff. 879, 881 (2011).
Low-income African American and Latino households tend to live in older homes
that have not been renovated, exposing them to higher levels of indoor
pollutants, like lead paint, than other households. Id. Exposure to all of these
pollutants is linked to a plethora of health risks, including respiratory
diseases, stress, and mental health problems. Id.





n43.  Williams & Collins, supra note 42, at 410.





n44.  Id.





n45.  Kimberly Morland et al., Neighborhood Characteristics Associated with the
Location of Food Stores and Food Service Places, 22 Am. J. Prev. Med. 23, 27-28
(2002); Williams & Collins, supra note 42, at 410.





n46.  See, e.g., James F. Sallis & Karen Glanz, Physical Activity and Food
Environments: Solutions to the Obesity Epidemic, 87 Milbank Q. 123 (2009),
available at http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2879180/ (reviewing how
the built environment affects obesity); see also John E. Stewart et al.,
Diabetes and the Socioeconomic and Built Environment: Geovisualization of
Disease Prevalence and Potential Contextual Associations Using Ring Maps, 10
Int'l J. Health Geographics 18 (2011), available at
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3066107/.





n47.  By "obesity prevention movement," we mean government officials,
policymakers, advocates, and other experts working to reduce obesity rates and
improve health.





n48.  Social norms are "social attitudes of approval and disapproval, specifying
what ought to be done and what ought not to be done." Cass R. Sunstein, Social
Norms and Social Roles, 96 Colum. L. Rev. 903, 914 (1996). In other words,
social norms show us how to behave in the world. They are shaped by the people
and environment around us. See id. at 914-16.





n49.  See Rebecca Bunnell et al., Fifty Communities Putting Prevention to Work:
Accelerating Chronic Disease Prevention Through Policy, Systems and
Environmental Change, 37 J. Cmty. Health 1081, 1082 (2012); Laura Kettel Khan et
al., Recommended Community Strategies and Measurements to Prevent Obesity in the
United States, 58 Morbidity & Mortality Weekly Rep. 1-2 (2009), available at
http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/pdf/rr/rr5807.pdf; Sallis & Glanz, supra note 46, at
124-27.





n50.  See, e.g., Samantha Graff & Jacob Ackerman, A Special Role for Lawyers in
a Social Norm Change Movement: From Tobacco Control to Childhood Obesity
Prevention, Preventing Chronic Disease: Pub. Health Res., Prac., & Pol'y, July
2009, at A95, available at
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2722393/pdf/PCD63A95.pdf.





n51.  Thomas R. Frieden, A Framework for Public Health Action: The Health Impact
Pyramid, 100 Am. J. Pub. Health 590, 591 (2010), available at
http://ajph.aphapublications.org/doi/pdf/10.2105/AJPH.2009.185652.





n52.  Id.





n53.  For example, anti-smoking education campaigns often associate smoking with
death, disfigurement, and other bad outcomes as a way to stigmatize smoking.
See, e.g., Graphic Anti-Smoking Ads, Daily News, Oct. 1, 2008,
http://www.nydailynews.com/life-style/health/graphic-anti-smoking-ads-gallery-1.
26510?pmSlide=0; Tips from Former Smokers, Ctrs. for Disease Control &
Prevention (Jan. 3, 2013),
http://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/campaign/tips/resources/videos/#anthem.





n54.  See Ctrs. for Disease Control & Prevention, Best Practices for
Comprehensive Tobacco Control Programs - 2007 (2007), available at
http://www.cdc.gov/tobacco/stateandcommunity/best_practices/pdfs/2007/BestPracti
ces_Complete.pdf.





n55.  David T. Levy et al., The Effects of Tobacco Control Policies on Smoking
Rates: A Tobacco Control Scorecard, 10 J. Pub. Health Mgmt. Prac. 338, 343, 346
(2004).





n56.  Marice Ashe et al., Local Venues for Change: Legal Strategies for Healthy
Environments, 35 J. Law, Med. & Ethics 138, 138 (2007); see also Hao Tang et
al., Changes of Attitudes and Patronage Behaviors in Response to a Smoke-Free
Bar Law, 93 Am. J. Pub. Health 611, 616 (2003), available at
http://ajph.aphapublications.org/doi/pdf/10.2105/AJPH.93.4.611; Sunstein, supra
note 48, at 914-16.





n57.  Bobby Milstein et al., Why Behavioral and Environmental Interventions Are
Needed to Improve Health at Lower Cost, 30 Health Aff. 823, 829 (2011). It
should be noted that combining environmental change with increased access to
health insurance and better primary care was more cost effective than any of
those three interventions alone.





n58.  Detriot, Mich., Zoning Ordinance§§61-12-91, 61-12-228 (2012), available at
http://www.detroitmi.gov/portals/0/docs/legislative/cpc/pdf/Ch%2061%20Nov%2021,%
202012.pdf.





n59.  N.Y.C. Health Code § 81.53 (2013), available at
http://www.nyc.gov/html/doh/downloads/pdf/about/healthcode/health-code-article81
.pdf.





n60.  L.A., Cal., Ordinance No. 180103 (2008), available at
http://clkrep.lacity.org/onlinedocs/2007/07-1658_ord_180103.pdf.





n61.  Bunnell et al., supra note 49, at 1082.





n62.  American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, Pub. L. No. 111-5, 123
Stat. 115, 180-81 ("Prevention and Wellness Fund").





n63.  Id.





n64.  Bunnell et al., supra note 49, at 1081. The CPPW initiative had several
goals for improved health in the funded communities: increasing levels of
physical activity; improving nutrition; reducing obesity rates; and reducing
smoking prevalence, teen smoking initiation, and exposure to second-hand smoke.
Id.





n65.  Id.





n66.  See Let's Move, http://www.letsmove.gov/ (last visited May 14, 2013).





n67.  See Program Areas: Childhood Obesity, Robert Wood Johnson Found.,
http://www.rwjf.org/en/about-rwjf/program-areas/childhood-obesity.html (last
visited May 14, 2013). The authors of this Article work for the National Policy
& Legal Analysis Network to Prevent Childhood Obesity (NPLAN), one of the
childhood obesity prevention programs funded by RWJF.





n68.  See, e.g., African Am. Collaborative Obesity Res. Network,
http://www.aacorn.org/ (last visited May 14, 2013); Salud America! The RWJF Res.
Network to Prevent Obesity Among Latino Children, http://www.salud-america.org/
(last updated July 29, 2010).





n69.  Dan Glickman et al., Inst. of Med., Accelerating Progress in Obesity
Prevention: Solving the Weight of the Nation 10-16 (2012), available at
http://www.iom.edu/Reports/2012/Accelerating-Progress-in-Obesity-Prevention.aspx
.





n70.  Id. at 21-26.





n71.  See, e.g., Kettel Khan, supra note 49.





n72.  Ross C. Brownson et al., Environmental and Policy Determinants of Physical
Activity in the United States, 91 Am. J. Pub. Health 1995, 1999-2000 (2001),
available at http://ajph.aphapublications.org/doi/pdf/10.2105/AJPH.91.12.1995;
see also Gina S. Lovasi et al., Built Environments and Obesity in Disadvantaged
Populations, 31 Epidemiologic Rev. 7, 13 (2009), available at
http://epirev.oxfordjournals.org/content/31/1/7.full.pdf+html.





n73.  Kettel Khan, supra note 49, at 17-18; Sallis & Glanz, supra note 46, at
127-28.





n74.  Lawrence O. Gostin, Public Health Law: Power, Duty, Restraint 92 (2d ed.
2008); see also Seth E. Mermin & Samantha K. Graff, A Legal Primer for the
Obesity Prevention Movement, 99 Am. J. Pub. Health 1799 (2009), available at
http://ajph.aphapublications.org/doi/pdf/10.2105/AJPH.2008.151183 (providing an
excellent summary of the legal issues most relevant to obesity prevention
advocates).





n75.  U.S. Const. amend. X.





n76.  U.S. Const. art. 1, § 8.





n77.  Gostin, supra note 74, at 92.





n78.  Id.





n79.  Samantha K. Graff et al., Policies for Healthier Communities: Historical,
Legal, and Practical Elements of the Obesity Prevention Movement, 33 Ann. Rev.
Pub. Health 307, 312 (2012), available at
http://www.annualreviews.org/doi/pdf/10.1146/annurev-publhealth-031811-124608.





n80.  Consol. Rock Prods. Co. v. City of Los Angeles, 370 P.2d 342, 346-47 (Cal.
1962).





n81.  An Act Providing Access to Affordable, Quality, Accountable Healthcare,
2006 Mass. Acts ch. 58, available at
http://www.malegislature.gov/Laws/SessionLaws/Acts/2006/Chapter58.





n82.  Kavita Patel & John McDonough, From Massachusetts to 1600 Pennsylvania
Avenue: Aboard the Health Reform Express, 29 Health Aff. 1106, 1106 (2010).





n83.  See, e.g., Gonzales v. Raich, 545 U.S. 1, 2-3 (2005).





n84.  Gostin, supra note 74, at 80.





n85.  See, e.g., South Dakota v. Dole, 483 U.S. 203, 206-07 (1987); Gostin,
supra note 74, at 99-104.





n86.  About HHS, U.S. Dep't of Health & Hum. Servs.,
http://www.hhs.gov/about/index.html (last visited May 14, 2013).





n87.  See, e.g., CDC Surveillance Resource Center, Ctrs. for Disease Control &
Prevention, http://www.cdc.gov/surveillancepractice/ (last updated Feb. 6,
2013).





n88.  In the obesity context, the CDC does this primarily through the Division
of Nutrition, Physical Activity, and Obesity (DNPAO). For more information about
DNPAO's activities, see generally About Us, Division of Nutrition, Physical
Activity, and Obesity, Ctrs. for Disease Control & Prevention,
http://www.cdc.gov/nccdphp/DNPAO/aboutus/index.html (last updated Dec. 20,
2012).





n89.  Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub. L. 111-148, tit. IV, 124
Stat. 119 (2010) (codified as amended in scattered sections of 42 U.S.C.).





n90.  Id. §§4001-4004, 4201, 124 Stat. 119 (codified as amended in scattered
sections of 42 U.S.C.).





n91.  See, e.g., id.§§4004, 4201, 4302, 124 Stat. 119 (codified as amended in
scattered sections of 42 U.S.C.); Nat'l Prevention Council, U.S. Dep't of Health
& Human Servs., National Prevention Strategy 25-27 (2012), available at
http://www.surgeongeneral.gov/initiatives/prevention/strategy/report.pdf.





n92.  Candace Natoli et al., Who Will Enroll in Medicaid in 2014? Lessons From
Section 1115 Medicaid Waivers, MAX Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services 1
(May 2011),
http://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Computer-Data-and-System
s/MedicaidDataSourcesGenInfo/downloads/MAX_IB_1_080111.pdf; see also, The
Estimated Effect of the Affordable Care Act on Medicare and Medicaid Outlays and
Total National Health Care Expenditures: Hearing Before the H. Comm. on the
Budget, 112th Cong. (2011) (statement of Richard S. Foster, Chief Actuary, Ctrs.
for Medicare & Medicaid Servs.), available at
http://budget.house.gov/uploadedfiles/fostertestimony1262011.pdf (providing a
detailed overview of the changes to Medicaid and Medicare under the ACA).





n93.  U.S. Const., art. 1, § 8, cl. 2.





n94.  See, e.g., Genevieve M. Kenney et al., A Decade of Health Care Access
Declines for Adults Holds Implications for Changes in the Affordable Care Act,
31 Health Aff. 5899 (2012); Benjamin D. Sommers et al., The Affordable Care Act
Has Led to Significant Gains in Health Insurance and Access to Care for Young
Adults, 32 Health Aff. 1165 (2013); see also Georges C. Benjamin, Transforming
the Public Health System: What Are We Learning?, Inst. Med. Nat'l Acads. (Nov.
30, 2012),
http://iom.edu/[#x7E]/media/Files/Perspectives-Files/2012/Commentaries/VSRT%20-%
20Transforming%20the%20Public%20Health%20System.pdf.





n95.  Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub. L. 111-148, § 4002, 124
Stat. 119, 541 (2010) (codified at 42 U.S.C. § 300u-11 (2012)); see also Vanessa
Forsberg & Caroline Fichtenberg, Am. Pub. Health Ass'n, The Prevention and
Public Health Fund: A Critical Investment in Our Nation's Physical and Fiscal
Health (2012), available at
http://www.apha.org/NR/rdonlyres/D1708E46-07E9-43E7-AB99-94A29437E4AF/0/PrevPubH
ealth2012_web.pdf; Jeffrey Levi, Prevention for a Healthier America, Health Aff.
Blog (Mar. 1, 2012, 3:59 PM),
http://healthaffairs.org/blog/2012/03/01/prevention-for-a-healthier-america/.





n96.  Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub. L. 111-148, § 4002, 124
Stat. 119, 541 (2010) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 300u-11 (2012)).





n97.  See e.g., Nat'l Prevention Council, supra note 91, at 34-40 ("Healthy
Eating" and "Active Living" chapters).





n98.  Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub. L. 111-148, § 4001, 124
Stat. 119, 538-41 (2010) (codified at 42 U.S.C. 300u-10 (2012)).





n99.  Id. (listing the Departments of Agriculture, Defense, Education, Health
and Human Services, Homeland Security, Housing and Urban Development, Justice,
Labor, Veterans Affairs, and Transportation; Bureau of Indian Affairs; Federal
Trade Commission; Environmental Protection Agency; Office of National Drug
Control Policy; Domestic Policy Council; Corporation for National and Community
Service; and Office of Management and Budget); see also 75 C.F.R. § 33983 (2010)
(Executive Order 1354475 of June 10, 2010, Establishing the National Prevention,
Health Promotion, and Public Health Council).





n100.  Nat'l Prevention Council, supra note 91.





n101.  Nat'l Prevention Council, supra note 91, at 10-12. The Department of
Health and Human Services also released an action plan in 2011 focused entirely
on health disparities. This plan is closely aligned to the National Prevention
Strategy, but its primary goal is to transform the healthcare system. This focus
is reflected in research priorities and access to clinical care. See U.S. Dep't
of Health & Human Servs., HHS Action Plan to Reduce Racial and Ethnic Health
Disparities: A Nation Free of Disparities in Health and Health Care (2011),
available at
http://minorityhealth.hhs.gov/npa/templates/content.aspx?lvl=1&lvlid=33&ID=285.





n102.  Nat'l Prevention Council, supra note 91, at 3.





n103.  Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub. L. 111-148, § 4001(h),
124 Stat. 119, 540-41 (2010) (codified at 42 U.S.C. §§300u-10 (2012)).





n104.  Nat'l Prevention Council, supra note 91, at 7.





n105.  Nat'l Prevention Council, supra note 91, at 1.





n106.  Id. at 34.





n107.  Id. at 34.





n108.  Id. at 36.





n109.  Healthy Food Financing Initiative, Office of Cmty. Serv., Admin. for
Children & Families, U.S. Dep't of Health & Human Serv. (Jan. 18, 2011),
http://www.acf.hhs.gov/programs/
ocs/resource/healthy-food-financing-initiative-0.





n110.  Id.





n111.  Nat'l Prevention Council, supra note 91, at 36.





n112.  Id. at 38 (citing James F. Sallis et al., A Review of Correlates of
Physical Activity of Children and Adolescents, 32 Med. & Sci. Sports & Exercise
963 (2000)).





n113.  Id.





n114.  Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub. L. 111-148, § 4002, 124
Stat. 119, 541 (2010) (codified at 42 U.S.C. § 300u-11 (2012)).





n115.  Forsberg & Fichtenberg, supra note 95, at 4.





n116.  Id. at 12. Since the passage of the ACA in 2010, opponents of the
legislation have attempted to cut the Fund. In February 2012, the enactment of
the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act led to $ 6.25 billion in cuts
from the Fund over nine years. Id. at 12; see also Pub. L. 112-96, 126 Stat. 156
(2012).





n117.  Id. at 14.





n118.  Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub. L. 111-148, § 4201, 124
Stat. 119, 564-66 (2010) (codified at 42 U.S.C. § 300u-13 (2012)).





n119.  Community Transformation Grant (CTG) Program Fact Sheet, Centers for
Disease Control & Prevention,
http://www.cdc.gov/communitytransformation/funds/index.htm (last visited June
27, 2013).





n120.  Trust for Am.'s Health, A Healthier America 2013: Strategies to Move from
Sick Care to Health Care in the Next Four Years 36-37 (2013), available at
http://healthyamericans.org/assets/files/TFAH2013HealthierAmerica07.pdf.





n121.  See 26 U.S.C. § 501(c)(3) (2012); Revenue Ruling 69-545, 1969-2 C.B. 117
(I.R.S. 1969), available at http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-tege/rr69-545.pdf.





n122.  Martha H. Somerville, Community Benefit in Context: Origins and Evolution
- ACA § 9007, Hilltop Inst. 1 (June 2012),
http://www.hilltopinstitute.org/publications/CommunityBenefitInContextOriginsAnd
Evolution-ACA9007-June2012.pdf.





n123.  Non-Profit, For-Profit, and Government Hospitals: Uncompensated Care and
Other Community Benefits: Hearing Before the H. Comm. On Ways & Means, 109th
Cong. 19 (2005) (Statement of David M. Walker, Comptroller Gen. of the U.S.,
Gov't Accountability Office), available at
http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d05743t.pdf.





n124.  26 U.S.C. 501(r)(3)(A) (2012); I.R.S. Notice 2011-52, I.R.B. 2011-30
(July 25, 2010), available at http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-irbs/irb11-30.pdf.





n125.  Largest cities based on population defined by the Census Bureau. See Top
20 Cities: Highest Ranking Cities, 1790-2010, U.S. Census Bureau (July 19,
2012), http://www.census.gov/dataviz/visualizations/007/508.php.





n126.  Cedars-Sinai Med. Ctr., Cedars-Sinai Medical Center Community Development
Plan: 2010 Update 8 (2010), available at
http://cedars-sinai.edu/Community-Benefit/Documents/Community-Benefit-Report-10.
pdf; N.Y.-Presbyterian Hosp., U. Hosp. of Columbia & Cornell, New
York-Presbyterian Hospital 2010 Community Service Plan: Comprehensive Report
Year 2 Update, 10 (2011), available at
http://nyp.org/pdf/communityserviceplan2010.pdf.





n127.  26 U.S.C. § 6033(b)(15)(A) (2012).





n128.  26 U.S.C. § 4959 (2012).





n129.  I.R.S., Treasury Dep't, Instructions for Schedule H (Form 990), at 4
(2012) [hereinafter Instructions for Schedule H], available at
http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/i990sh.pdf.





n130.  Id. at 5.





n131.  Although the IRS has provided definitions of community benefits, see
Revenue Ruling 69-545, 1969-2 C.B. 117 (I.R.S. 1969); Instructions for Schedule
H, supra note 129, the language used about community building activities is not
clear. "Some community building activities may also meet the definition of
community benefit ... ." Instructions for Schedule H, supra note 129, at 5. The
use of the word "may" has led hospitals to infer that community building costs
do not count as community benefits. See Kevin Barnett & Martha H. Somerville,
Hospital Community Benefits After the ACA: Schedule H and Hospital Community
Benefit - Opportunities and Challenges for the States, Hilltop Inst. (Oct.
2012),
http://www.hilltopinstitute.org/publications/HospitalCommunityBenefitsAfterTheAC
A-ScheduleHIssueBrief4-October2012.pdf (providing a detailed examination of this
issue).





n132.  See Trust for Am.'s Health, Partner with Nonprofit Hospitals to Maximize
Community Benefit Programs' Impact on Prevention 2 (2013), available at
http://healthyamericans.org/assets/files/Partner%20With%20Nonprofit%20Hospitals0
4.pdf.





n133.  Cedars-Sinai Med. Ctr., supra note 126, at 13.





n134.  See N.Y.-Presbyterian Hosp., supra note 126, at 16, 20, 24-26, 27; see
also Healthy Schs. Healthy Fams. Newsl., Fall 2009, at 4, available at
http://nyp.org/pdf/HSHFNewsletter_OLD_1-25-10.pdf.





n135.  Written Comments to the Food Policy Council, Melissa Pflugh, Program
Manager, Healthy Schools, Healthy Families, Apr. 3, 2008, at 19, available at
http://www.nyscfp.org/docs/NYC%20Comments%20to%20CFP2_5.03.08.pdf.





n136.  Healthy Schools Healthy Families Newsletter, supra note 134, at 5.





n137.  See also John E. McDonough et al., The Commonwealth Fund, A State Policy
Agenda to Eliminate Racial and Ethnic Health Disparities vii (2004), available
at http://www.commonwealthfund.org/programs/
minority/mcdonough_statepolicyagenda_746.pdf ("Policy advances in states
frequently lead to policy innovation at the federal level as well.").





n138.  Graff et al., supra note 79, at 308-09.





n139.  See, e.g., Bunnell et al., supra note 49.





n140.  Glickman et al., supra note 69, at 22-27 (discussing the need for
engagement on obesity prevention solutions at all levels of society - public and
private, individuals and institutions.)





n141.  Trust for Am.'s Health, Implement the National Prevention Strategy 2
(2013), available at
http://healthyamericans.org/assets/files/Implement%20National%20Prevention%20Str
ategy04.pdf.





n142.  Minneapolis, Minn., Code of Ordinances§§203.10-203.30 (2013).





n143.  CPPW Success Stories by State, Trust for Am.'s Health 12 (2011),
http://healthyamericans.org/health-issues/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/CPPW-Succes
s-Stories-8-8.pdf.





n144.  Trust for Am.'s Health, Provide Workplace Wellness Programs To All
American Workers 3 (2013), available at
http://healthyamericans.org/assets/files/Provide%20Workplace%20Wellness%20Progra
ms03.pdf.





n145.  CPPW Success Stories, supra note 143, at 33.





n146.  Jennifer Leeman et al., An Evaluation Framework for Obesity Prevention
Policy Interventions, Preventing Chronic Disease: Pub. Health Res., Prac., &
Pol'y (2012), http://www.cdc.gov/pcd/issues/2012/pdf/11_0322.pdf.





n147.  Mark Pertschuk et al., Assessing the Impact of Federal and State
Preemption in Public Health: A Framework for Decision Makers, J. Pub. Health
Mgmt. Prac., June 15, 2012, at 0, available at
http://www.yaleruddcenter.org/resources/upload/docs/what/law/PreemptionFramework
_JPHMP_6.12.pdf.





n148.  See, e.g., Inst. of Med., Local Government Actions to Prevent Childhood
Obesity (Lynn Parker et al. eds., 2009) [hereinafter Inst. of Med., Local
Government Actions], available at
http://books.nap.edu/openbook.php?record_id=12674&page=R1 (highlighting the role
of local government in childhood obesity prevention efforts); Inst. Of Med.,
Preventing Childhood Obesity: Health in the Balance 6, 10-12, 131-34, 193-221
(Jeffrey P. Koplan et al. eds., 2005), available at
http://www.nap.edu/openbook.php?record_id=11015&page=R1.





n149.  Inst. of Med., Local Government Actions, supra note 148, at 27.





n150.  Graff et al., supra note 79, at 313.





n151.  S.B. 2687, 2013 Reg. Sess. (Miss. 2013), available at
http://billstatus.ls.state.ms.us/documents/2013/html/SB/2600-2699/SB2687IN.htm.





n152.  See Kim Severson, "Anti-Bloomberg Bill' in Mississippi Bars Local
Restrictions on Food and Drink, N.Y. Times (Mar. 13, 2013),
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/14/us/anti-bloomberg-bill-in-mississippi-bars-loc
al-restrictions-on-food-and-drink.html.





n153.  Nat'l Pol'y & Legal Analysis Network to Prevent Childhood Obesity, The
Consequences of Preemption for Public Health Advocacy 2-3 (2010), available at
http://changelabsolutions.org/sites/default/files/documents/Preemption_PublicHlt
hAdvcy_FINAL_20100330.pdf.





n154.  Jason A Mendoza et al., Active Commuting to School and Association with
Physical Activity and Adiposity Among US Youth, 8 J. Physical Activity & Health
488, 488 (2011), available at
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3115568/pdf/nihms300755.pdf.





n155.  N.J. Safe Routes, More than Crossing Streets: Training, Policies and
Procedures for School Crossing Guards in New Jersey 5-6 (2012), available at
http://www.saferoutesnj.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/More-Than-Crossing-Street
s.pdf (discussing the insufficiency of studies on crossing guard effectiveness
but noting materials supporting this proposition).





n156.  Claudia Chaufan et al., The Safe Routes to School Program in California:
An Update, 102 Am. J. Pub. Health e8, e8 (2012) (studying eighty-one California
towns and finding that of the substantial number of parents indicating concern
about inadequate numbers of crossing guards, half would allow their children to
walk or bicycle to school if this concern were addressed).





n157.  Fla. Stat. § 318.21(3), (11) (2012).





n158.  Telephone Interview with Derek Slagle, Project Coordinator, WalkSafe,
Univ. of Miami Miller Sch. of Med. Kidz NeuroScience, Florida Atlantic Univ.
School of Pub. Admin. (June 22, 2012).





n159.  See, e.g., Memorandum from ChangeLab Solutions, A New Surcharge to Fund
Crossing Guards: The Solution to Keeping Children Physically Active and Safe
(Oct. 25, 2011) (on file with author).





n160.  Food Retail Expansion to Support Health, N.Y.C. Econ. Dev. Council,
http://www.nyc.gov/html/misc/html/2009/fresh.shtml (last visited May 14, 2013).





n161.  Nat'l Prevention Council, supra note 91, at 34, 36.





n162.  Glickman et al., supra note 69, at 157.





n163.  Id. at 259.





n164.  A growing body of research indicates that consumption of sugar-sweetened
beverages increases a person's risk of obesity and chronic diseases. See, e.g.,
Lawrence de Koning et al., Sweetened Beverage Consumption, Incident Coronary
Heart Disease and Biomarkers of Risk in Men, 125 Circulation 1735 (2012),
available at http://circ.ahajournals.org/content/125/14/1735.full.pdf+html;
Kiyah J. Duffey et al., Drinking Caloric Beverages Increases the Risk of Adverse
Cardiometabolic Outcomes in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults
(CARDIA) Study, 92 Am. J. Clinical Nutrition 954, 954 (2010), available at
http://ajcn.nutrition.org/content/92/4/954.full.pdf+html; Y. Claire Wang et al.,
Increasing Caloric Contribution from Sugar-Sweetened Beverages and 100% Fruit
Juices Among US Children and Adolescents, 1988-2004, 121 Pediatrics e1604
(2008), available at
http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/121/6/e1604.full.pdf+html.





n165.  Roberta R. Friedman & Kelly D. Brownell, Yale Rudd Ctr. for Food Policy &
Obesity, Sugar-Sweetened Beverage Taxes: An Updated Policy Brief 6 (2012),
available at
http://www.yaleruddcenter.org/resources/upload/docs/what/reports/Rudd_Policy_Bri
ef_Sugar_Sweetened_Beverage_Taxes.pdf.





n166.  Id. at 2.





n167.  H.B. 151, 2011-2012 Leg. Reg. Sess. (Vt. 2011).





n168.  Friedman & Brownell, supra note 165, at 6.





n169.  See Dahlia K. Remler, Poor Smokers, Poor Quitters, and Cigarette Tax
Regressivity, 94 Am. J. Pub. Health 225, 225 (2004), available at
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1448232/pdf/0940225.pdf (providing a
basic definition of regressive tax); Y. Claire Wang, The Potential Impact of
Sugar-Sweetened Beverage Taxes in New York State: A Report to the NYC Department
of Health & Mental Hygiene 15-16 (2010), available at
http://www.columbia.edu/[#x7E]ycw2102/SSB%20tax%20brief%20Wang%202010%2006%2021%
20_Final_.pdf (discussing whether SSB taxes are regressive).





n170.  Friedman & Brownell, supra note 165, at 3.





n171.  African American Collaborative Obesity Research Network, Impact of
Sugar-Sweetened Beverage Consumption on Black Americans' Health 3 (2011),
available at http://aacorn.org/uploads/files/AACORNSSBBrief2011.pdf.





n172.  Kelly D. Brownell et al., The Public Health and Economic Benefits of
Taxing Sugar-Sweetened Beverages, 361 New Eng. J. Med. 1599, 1603 (2009),
available at http://www.nejm.org/doi/pdf/10.1056/NEJMhpr0905723.





n173.  African American Collaborative Obesity Research Network , supra note 171,
at 3.





n174.  Robert Wood Johnson Found., Declining Childhood Obesity Rates - Where Are
We Seeing the Most Progress?, Healthy Pol'y Snapshot 2 (Sept. 2012),
http://www.rwjf.org/content/dam/farm/reports/issue_briefs/2012/rwjf401163.





n175.  See, e.g., Lauren M. Rossen & Kenneth C. Schoendorf, Measuring Health
Disparities: Trends in Racial-Ethnic and Socioeconomic Disparities in Obesity
Among 2-to 18-Year Old Youth in the United States, 2001-2010, 22 Annals of
Epidemiology 698 (2012); Glickman et al., supra note 69, at 66.





n176.  Magdalena Berger et al., Obesity in K-8 Students - New York City, 2006-07
to 2010-11 School Years, 60 Morbidity & Mortality Weekly Rep. 1673 (2011),
available at http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/pdf/wk/mm6049.pdf.





n177.  Id.





n178.  Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub. L. 111-148, §§4001-4004,
124 Stat. 119, 538-546 (2010) (codified in scattered sections of 42 U.S.C.);
Nat'l Prevention Council, supra note 91, at 7.





n179.  See, e.g., Piroska Ostlin et al., Priorities for Research to Take Forward
the Health Equity Policy Agenda, 83 Bull. World Health Org. 948, 951 (2005),
available at
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2626494/pdf/16462988.pdf (describing
challenges and noting that "until recently, research on health equity has
described inequalities more than it has explained or proposed interventions to
address them").





n180.  See, e.g., Goran Dahlgren & Margaret Whitehead, World Health Org. Reg'l
Office for Europe, Policies and Strategies to Promote Equity in Health (1992),
available at http://whqlibdoc.who.int/euro/-1993/EUR_ICP_RPD414%282%29.pdf
(describing four levels of disparities-focused policy intervention: structural
change; living and working conditions; social support; and individual
lifestyles); see also Braveman & Gruskin, supra note 33.





n181.  See, e.g., McDonough et al., supra note 137, at xii-xiii ("Our inability
to find best practices prompts our recommendation that researchers and public
officials work together to evaluate the effectiveness of disparities
interventions and to document and publicize those programs and policies that
yield positive results. Equally important is the need to identify interventions
that do not work so that resources can be channeled productively.").





n182.  See, e.g., Ala. Dep't of Pub. Health, A Preliminary State Plan of Action
to Reduce and Eliminate Health Disparities in Alabama 62 (2008), available at
http://www.adph.org/minorityhealth/assets/DraftStatePlanEliminateDisparities.pdf
(discussing need for a "focus on policy discussions to gain insight on effective
and ineffective actions toward health disparities elimination").





n183.  McDonough et al., supra note 137, at ix. Such problems are not unique to
obesity policy, but extend to other health disparities as well. See, e.g.,
Matthew D. Adler, Risk Equity: A New Proposal, 32 Harv. Envtl. L. Rev. 1, 3
(2008) (noting need for "tools to measure the degree of inequality between
members of advantaged and disadvantaged groups with respect to the effects of
health and safety hazards, and for measuring the equity impact of policies that
mitigate these hazards").





n184.  See, e.g., Jessica M. Robbins et al., Prevalence, Disparities, and Trends
in Obesity and Severe Obesity Among Students in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
School District, 2006-2010, Preventing Chronic Disease: Pub. Health Res., Prac.,
& Pol'y (2012), http://www.cdc.gov/pcd/issues/2012/pdf/12_0118.pdf.





n185.  David Mechanic, Disadvantage, Inequality, and Social Policy, 21 Health
Aff. 48, 50 (2002), available at
http://content.healthaffairs.org/content/21/2/48.full.pdf+html (noting that
"overall major initiatives intended to improve population health also may
increase disparities" and "enhancing overall population health and reducing
disparities are different objectives and are sometimes in conflict"). David
Mechanic points out that some "interventions that offer some of the largest
possible gains for the disadvantaged may also increase disparities." Id. at 48.
He gives the example of improvements in infant mortality for African American
and white babies in the period between 1950 and 2000; although the disparity
between infant mortality for the two groups increased significantly during this
time period, the decrease in mortality rates and absolute improvement was
greater for African-American infants than white infants.  Id. at 50. As Mechanic
points out, avoiding this type of intervention would not be beneficial for
African Americans. Id. This truth does not undercut the fact that policy changes
that eliminated this disparity while retaining the large absolute gains would be
even more desirable, but it does illustrate the complexity of real life policy
alternatives. Standard obesity policies can be placed into four categories
within this framework: (1) policies that are not successful in the goal of
reducing obesity; (2) policies that reduce overall obesity rates, but increase
disparities; (3) policies that reduce obesity and do not affect disparities; and
(4) finally, policies that reduce obesity and reduce disparities.





n186.  Inst. of Med., Bridging the Evidence Gap in Obesity Prevention: A
Framework to Inform Decision Making 19 (Shiriki K. Kumanyika et al. eds., 2010),
available at http://www.nap.edu/openbook.php?record_id=12847&page=R1.





n187.  Id. at 169.





n188.  Id.





n189.  The choice of measure of inequality is important as well, and contains
pitfalls for the unwary. See Niko Speybroeck et al., Inequalities of Health
Indicators for Policy Makers: Six Hints, 57 Int'l J. Pub. Health 855 (2012)
(erratum in 57 Int'l J. Pub. Health 859 (2012)).





n190.  Barbara Starfield, State of the Art in Research on Equity in Health, 31
J. Health Pol. Pol'y & L. 11, 15 (2006) (describing research showing that "for
more preventable causes of death (i.e., those about which more is known
regarding prevention and treatment), socioeconomic status (SES) is more strongly
associated with mortality than for less preventable causes, because what is
known about cause can more easily be manipulated by the more socially advantaged
by virtue of their greater exposure to resources").





n191.  Id. at 92.





n192.  World Health Org. Reg'l Office for Europe, How Can the Health Equity
Impact of Universal Policies Be Evaluated? 1 (Beth Milton et al. eds., 2010),
available at
http://www.euro.who.int/__data/assets/pdf_file/0019/155062/E95912.pdf.





n193.  See, e.g., Promoting Health Equity, Education Programs and Policies:
Full-Day Kindergarten - Task Force Finding & Rationale Statement, Guide to
Community Preventive Services,
http://www.thecommunityguide.org/healthequity/RRfulldaykindergarten.html (last
updated Apr. 25, 2013) (reviewing research and finding substantial evidence that
full-day kindergarten programs improve the health prospects of low-income
children and children of color).





n194.  Mechanic, supra note 185, at 50.





n195.  City Council of the City of Austin Resolution No. 20091119-68 (Nov. 19,
2009); see also City of Austin Urban Parks Workgroup, Report Recommendations 7
(2011), available at
https://www.austintexas.gov/sites/default/files/files/Capital_Planning/Bond_Deve
lopment/Parks_Open_Space_Committee/urban-parks-workgroup-final-report.pdf (this
report contains the City Council Resolution in Appendix H).





n196.  City of Austin Urban Parks Workgroup, supra note 195, at 19.





n197.  See, e.g., Lisa M. Powell et al., The Relationship Between Community
Physical Activity Settings and Race, Ethnicity and Socioeconomic Status, 1
Evidence-Based Preventive Med. 135, 140-43 (2004) (finding "that higher levels
of poverty significantly reduce the likelihood of having parks and green space
and bike paths/lanes in the community"); Penny Gordon-Larsen et al., Inequality
in the Built Environment Underlies Key Health Disparities in Physical Activity
and Obesity, 117 Pediatrics 417, 421 (2006) (finding in nationally
representative study that "all major categories of [physical activity]-related
resources are distributed inequitably, with high-minority, low-educated
neighborhoods at a strong disadvantage [and] ... this inequitable distribution
is significantly associated with subsequent disparities in health-related
behaviors and obesity measured at the individual level").





n198.  Todd Litman, Victoria Transp. Policy Inst., Evaluating Transportation
Equity Guidance for Incorporating Distributional Impacts in Transportation
Planning 7 (2013), available at http://www.vtpi.org/equity.pdf.





n199.  State & County QuickFacts: Hialeah (City), Florida, U.S. Census Bureau,
http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/12/1230000.html (last updated June 6,
2013).





n200.  Cities with the Highest Percentage of Spanish Speaking People, StatJump,
http://www.statjump.com/lists/language-spoken-dp2c129tc.html (last visited May
15, 2013) (source data from the 2000 U.S. Census).





n201.  Hialeah Healthy Families (!Familias Saludables!), Call to Action: A
Community's Plan to Combat Childhood Obesity 24 (2011), available at
http://testweb.hialeahfl.gov/Announcements_files/CallToAction.pdf.





n202.  See, e.g., Starfield, supra note 190, at 16-17.



   Moreover, the salience of particular interactions among types of influences
in pathways differs from one population to another. For example, neighborhood
poverty rates and housing inadequacy increase the rates of very preterm births
for African Americans, whereas the fraction of female-headed households is
influential for Hispanics, and the low fraction of people employed in
professional occupations is influential in white subpopulations. Thus, in
analyses directed at influencing policy, it is important to stratify populations
into relevant subgroups as well as to consider the particular health outcomes
that are the target for change.

 Id.





n203.  Research shows that active playground design can increase children's
physical activity. See, e.g., Active Living Research, The Potential of Safe,
Secure and Accessible Playgrounds to Increase Children's Physical Activity 4
(2011), available at
http://www.activelivingresearch.org/files/ALR_Brief_SafePlaygrounds_0.pdf.
Research is also underway on integrating technology into playgrounds to increase
active play. See e.g., User Modeling in Playware Physical Interactive
Playground, Ctr. for Computer Games Res.,
http://game.itu.dk/index.php/User_Modeling_in_Playware_Physical_Interactive_Play
ground (last updated Feb. 24, 2011). Architects and builders are starting to use
"Active Design" for homes and workplaces as well as playgrounds, to promote
greener, healthier communities. See e.g., Paula Melton, Architects Fight Obesity
Epidemic Through Active Design, Envtl. Building News (Feb. 1, 2012),
http://www.buildinggreen.com/auth/article.cfm/2012/2/2/Architects-Fight-Obesity-
Epidemic-Through-Active-Design/.





n204.  Wendell Taylor & Debbie Lou, Active Living Research, Do All Children Have
Places to Be Active? Disparities in Access to Physical Activity Environments in
Racial and Ethnic Minority and Lower-Income Communities 8-9, 11-12 (2011),
available at
http://www.activelivingresearch.org/files/Synthesis_Taylor-Lou_Disparities_Nov20
11.pdf.





n205.  David R. Williams et al., Moving Upstream: How Interventions that Address
the Social Determinants of Health Can Improve Health and Reduce Disparities, 14
J. Pub. Health Mgmt. Prac. (Supp.) s8, s10 (2008), available at
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3431152/pdf/nihms392772.pdf.





n206.  Mo. Dep't of Health & Senior Serv., Mo. Office of Minority Health, State
of Missouri Health Disparities Report: Promoting Health Equity & Reducing Health
Disparities in Missouri 6-8 (2008), available at
http://health.mo.gov/living/families/minorityhealth/pdf/DisparityReport.pdf.





n207.  Id. at 39.





n208.  City of Cleburne v. Cleburne Living Ctr., 473 U.S. 432, 440 (1985)
(setting out the Equal Protection standard, whereby strict scrutiny is applied
to classifications based on race, alienage, or national origin).





n209.  Note that if another approach is deemed equally effective as a matter of
law, strict scrutiny prohibits the use of race. See Parents Involved in Cmty.
Schs. v. Seattle Sch. Dist. No. 1, 551 U.S. 701 (2007).





n210.  U.S. Const. amend. XIV. Other state and federal laws can also apply
depending on the circumstances.





n211.  See, e.g., Cal. Const. art. 1, § 31(a); H.B. 623, 2011 Session (N.H.
2011). See generally Arthur L. Coleman et al., Am. Ass'n for the Advancement of
Sci. Diversity & Law Project, Beyond Federal Law: Trends and Principles
Associated with State Laws Banning the Consideration of Race, Ethnicity, and Sex
Among Public Education Institutions (2012), available at http://php.aaas.org/
programs/centers/capacity/documents/BeyondFedLaw.pdf.





n212.  Adarand Constructors, Inc. v. Pena, 515 U.S. 200, 217 (1995) ("This
Court's approach to Fifth Amendment equal protection claims has always been
precisely the same as to equal protection claims under the Fourteenth
Amendment." (quoting Weinberger v. Wiesenfeld, 420 U.S. 636, 638 n.2 (1975))
(alteration and internal quotation marks omitted)).





n213.  Jen-L A. Wong, Adarand Constructors Inc. v. Pena: A Colorblind Remedy
Eliminating Racial Preferences, 18 U. Haw. L. Rev. 939, 943 (1996)("What is
missing from recent constitutional review of race conscious affirmative action
measures is any reference to the original intent of the framers of the
Fourteenth Amendment."); John C. Duncan, Jr., The American "Legal' Dilemma:
Colorblind I/Colorblind II - The Rules Have Changed Again: A Semantic
Apothegmatic Permutation, 7 Va. J. Soc. Pol'y & L. 315, 392 (2000)("The history
of the Reconstruction following the Civil War reveals that the Fourteenth
Amendment was enacted to combat the notorious "Black Codes' of the South
following the Civil War.").





n214.  See, e.g., Fisher v. Univ. of Tex. at Austin, No. 11-345, 2013 WL 3155220
(U.S. June 24, 2013)(rejecting presumption that university's good faith sufficed
to uphold consideration of race in admissions; remanding for application of
strict scrutiny); Gratz v. Bollinger, 539 U.S. 244, 270 (2003) (deeming the
policy of granting automatic points to students of color in undergraduate
admissions process not to be narrowly tailored to the compelling interest in
diverse student body); Adarand Constructors, 515 U.S. at 238-39 (remanding for
application of strict scrutiny to federal incentives for subcontracts to small
disadvantaged business operators).





n215.  Johnson v. California, 543 U.S. 499, 505-06 (2005); Parents Involved in
Cmty. Schs. v. Seattle Sch. Dist. No. 1, 551 U.S. 701 (2007) (addressing
voluntary race-based school integration programs).





n216.  Grutter v. Bollinger, 539 U.S. 306, 326 (2003).





n217.  Johnson, 543 U.S. at 505-06.





n218.  Danile Kiel, Accepting Justice Kennedy's Dare: The Future of Integration
in A Post-PICS World, 78 Fordham L. Rev. 2873, 2888 (2010).





n219.  Courts have also recognized an intermediate level of scrutiny, which is
applied, for example, to gender classifications. Even if the Equal Protection
Clause does not provide strong protection against other types of discrimination,
however, discrimination based on age, disability, and other classifications may
receive protection under specific federal or state statutes.





n220.  Romer v. Evans, 517 U.S. 620, 631 (1996).





n221.  See, e.g., City of Cleburne v. Cleburne Living Ctr., 473 U.S. 432, 440,
446-48 (1985) (striking down zoning ordinance requirement that group home for
developmentally disabled individuals obtain special use permit because it did
not pass the rational basis test).





n222.  Adarand Constructors, Inc. v. Pena, 515 U.S. 200, 237 (1995) ("We wish to
dispel the notion that strict scrutiny is "strict in theory, but fatal in fact.'
... When race-based action is necessary to further a compelling interest, such
action is within constitutional constraints if it satisfies the narrow tailoring
test this Court has set out in previous cases." (citation omitted)).





n223.  Kiel, supra note 218, at 2885 ("While districts should - indeed, must -
first consider such race-neutral alternatives, the experiences of several
districts that have attempted to implement such plans demonstrate that these
policies often fail to achieve or maintain racial diversity.").





n224.  Minority Health, Miss. Dep't Health & Senior Services,
http://health.mo.gov/living/families/minorityhealth/ (last visited May 16,
2013). See also H.B. 1269, 2007 Leg., Reg. Sess. (Fla. 2007) (creating an
African American Infant Health Practice initiative).





n225.  Parents Involved in Cmty. Schs. v. Seattle Sch. Dist. No. 1, 551 U.S.
701, 789 (2007) (Kennedy, J., concurring); see also Doe ex rel. Doe v. Lower
Merion Sch. Dist., 665 F.3d 524, 545 (3d Cir. 2011) (holding that strict
scrutiny was not triggered when plan was facially neutral, despite discussions
of race during adoption); Lewis v. Ascension Parish School Board, 662 F.3d 343,
355 (5th Cir. 2011).





n226.  See supra note 164 and accompanying text.





n227.  Anemona Hartocollis, New York Asks to Bar Use of Food Stamps to Buy
Sodas, N.Y. Times, Oct. 7, 2010,
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/10/07/nyregion/07stamps.html.





n228.  Kelly D. Brownell & David S. Ludwig, The Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program, Soda, and USDA Policy: Who Benefits?, 306 J. Am. Med. Ass'n
1370, 1371 (2011), available at
http://www.yaleruddcenter.org/resources/upload/docs/what/policy/SNAPSodaNYCUSDA_
JAMA_9.28.11.pdf.





n229.  Id. at 1370.





n230.  Id.; Letter from Jessica Shahin, Assoc. Adm'r, Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program, U.S. Dep't of Agric., to Elizabeth R. Berlin, Exec. Deputy
Comm'r, N.Y. State Office of Temp. & Disability Assistance (Aug. 19, 2011),
available at
http://www.foodpolitics.com/wp-content/uploads/SNAP-Waiver-Request-Decision.pdf.





n231.  Brownell & Ludwig, supra note 228, at 1370.





n232.  Id. (citing John Dimsdale, Will a Soda Ban Benefit Food Stamp Users and
State?, Marketplace Econ. (Oct. 7, 2010),
http://www.marketplace.org/topics/economy/will-soda-ban-benefit-food-stamp-users
-and-state).





n233.  Marion Nestle, New York City Says No to Using Food Stamps for Sodas, Food
Pol. (Oct. 7, 2010), http://www.foodpolitics.com/tag/taxes/page/3/.





n234.  Marion Nestle, Food Stamps Should Not Be Valid for Soda Purchases, S.F.
Chron. (Apr. 29, 2011),
http://www.sfgate.com/food/article/Food-stamps-should-not-be-valid-for-soda-purc
hases-2373259.php.





n235.  Tatiana Andreyeva et al., Grocery Store Beverage Choices by Participants
in Federal Food Assistance and Nutrition Programs, 43 Am. J. Preventive Med.
411, 415 (2012), available at
http://www.yaleruddcenter.org/resources/upload/docs/what/economics/SNAP_SSB_Purc
hases_AJPM_10.12.pdf.





n236.  See, e.g., Tess Maune, SNAP Cards Earn Double Savings at Tulsa Farmers
Market, Okla.'s Own News On 6 (July 1, 2012),
http://www.newson6.com/story/18927103/snab-customers-get; About Us, Double Up
Food Bucks, http://www.doubleupfoodbucks.org/about (last visited May 16, 2013).





n237.  Press Release, W.K. Kellogg Found., W.K. Kellogg Foundation Provides $
1.2 Million for Healthy Food by Doubling Food Stamp Benefits at Michigan
Farmers' Markets: "Double Up Food Bucks" Scales up Foundation's Initial
Investment in Pioneering Idea (Feb. 9, 2011),
http://www.wkkf.org/news/articles/2011/02/double-up-food-bucks.aspx.





n238.  Christine Bahls, Achieving Equity in Health, Health Pol'y Brief 5 (Oct.
6, 2011),
http://healthaffairs.org/healthpolicybriefs/brief_pdfs/healthpolicybrief_53.pdf
(noting that the "Million Hearts" campaign launched by the Department of Health
and Human Services in 2011, which aims to prevent 1 million heart attacks and
strokes over the next five years, will particularly benefit the health of
African Americans, because rates of hypertension are vastly higher among African
Americans than whites); see also Mechanic, supra note 185, at 51-52
("Interventions may improve population health without increasing disparities if
directed at problems that are much more prevalent among disadvantaged groups and
that offer a relatively simply executed and efficacious remedy.").





n239.  Green Cart Implementation: Year One, Citizens' Comm. for Children of
N.Y., Inc. 6-7 (2010),
http://www.cccnewyork.org/wp-content/publications/CCCReport.GreenCarts.Sept2010.
pdf.





n240.  Id. at 6.





n241.  Id.





n242.  Glenn Collins, Customers Prove There's a Market for Fresh Produce, N.Y.
Times, Jun. 11, 2009, http://www.nytimes.com/2009/06/11/nyregion/11carts.html.





n243.  See Glickman et al., supra note 69, at 103-05. "Policies and practices to
address obesity must take this potential for harm [from stigma] into account and
incorporate appropriate safeguards, including the institution of measures to
track such outcomes. The case for addressing the obesity epidemic cannot be made
at the expense of obese people." Id. at 103.





n244.  ChangeLab Solutions, Breaking Down the Chain: A Guide to the Soft Drink
Industry 40 (2012), available at
http://changelabsolutions.org/publications/breaking-down-chain.





n245.  Id. at 26, 35-38, 41.





n246.  Although it may be tempting to pursue restrictions on junk food
advertising in Latino communities as a solution to targeted marketing, the First
Amendment is a significant hurdle to this approach. See Jennifer L. Harris &
Samantha K. Graff, Protecting Children from Harmful Food Marketing: Options for
Local Government to Make a Difference, Preventing Chronic Disease: Pub. Health
Res., Prac., & Pol'y, Sept. 2011, at A92, available at
http://www.cdc.gov/pcd/issues/2011/sep/pdf/10_0272.pdf.





n247.  N.Y.C. Health Code, § 81.53 (2013), available at
http://www.nyc.gov/html/doh/downloads/pdf/about/healthcode/health-code-article81
.pdf.





n248.  Brief for Nat'l Ass'n for the Advancement of Colored People and the
Hispanic Fed'n as Amici Curiae Supporting Petitioner at 8, Am. Beverage Ass'n v.
N.Y.C. Bd. of Health, No. 65384 (N.Y. Sup. Ct. 2012).





n249.  Id.





n250.  Michael M. Grynbaum, Judge Blocks New York City's Limits on Big Sugary
Drinks, N.Y. Times, Mar. 11, 2013,
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/12/nyregion/judge-invalidates-bloombergs-soda-ban
.html. New York City appealed the ruling in June 2013. Michael M. Grynbaum, City
Argues to Overturn Ruling That Prevented Limits on Sugary Drinks, N.Y. Times,
June 11, 2013,
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/06/12/nyregion/bloomberg-presses-for-reversal-of-cou
rt-ban-on-sugary-drink-limits.html.





n251.  L.A., Cal., Ordinance No. 180103 (2008), available at
http://clkrep.lacity.org/onlinedocs/2007/07-1658_ord_180103.pdf; Severson, supra
note 6.





n252.  L.A., Cal., Ordinance No. 180103.





n253.  Others critiqued the assumptions underlying the ban. See, e.g., Roland
Sturm & Deborah A. Cohen, Zoning for Health? The Year-Old Ban on New Fast-Food
Restaurants in South LA, 28 Health Aff. w1088 (2009), available at
http://content.healthaffairs.org/content/28/6/w1088.full.pdf+html.





n254.  Patricia Nazario, Activists Push for Permanent Fast-Food Restaurant Ban
in South LA, KPCC S. Cal. Pub. Radio (Sept. 7, 2010),
http://www.scpr.org/news/2010/09/07/19023/fast-food-ban./





n255.  See Severson, supra note 6.





n256.  City of Santa Rosa, Santa Rosa General Plan 2035, at 6-15 to 6-16 (2009),
available at http://ci.santa-rosa.ca.us/doclib/Documents/2035_General_Plan.pdf.





n257.  Food Retail Expansion to Support Health, N.Y.C. Econ. Dev. Council,
http://www.nyc.gov/html/misc/html/2009/fresh.shtml (last visited May 16, 2013).





n258.  See, e.g., Rachel Tolbert Kimbro et al., Young Children in Urban Areas:
Links Among Neighborhood Characteristics, Weight Status, Outdoor Play, and
Television Watching, 72 Soc. Sci. & Med. 668 (2011), available at
http://europepmc.org/articles/PMC3058513.





n259.  See Mindy Fullilove, Unsorting Our Cities: To Improve the Health of
Residents of Disadvantaged Neighborhoods, We Have to Address Inequality, Not
Medical Care, Shelterforce, Spring 2012, available at
http://www.shelterforce.org/article/2770/unsorting_our_cities/.





n260.  See, e.g., Jens Ludwig et al., Neighborhoods, Obesity, and Diabetes - A
Randomized Social Experiment, 365 New Eng. J. Med. 1509 (2011), available at
http://www.nejm.org/doi/pdf/10.1056/NEJMsa1103216; see also Lynette Rawlings et
al., Race and Residence: Prospects for Stable Neighborhood Integration (2004),
available at http://www.urban.org/publications/310985.html.





n261.  See, e.g., Marcia Rosen & Wendy Sullivan, Poverty & Race Research Action
Council, Nat'l Housing Law Project, From Urban Renewal and Displacement to
Economic Inclusion: San Francisco Affordable Housing Policy 1978-2012 (2012),
available at http://nhlp.org/files/SanFranAffHsing-1.pdf.





n262.  Glickman et al., supra note 69, at 7.





n263.  Kim Severson, A School Fight Over Chocolate Milk, N.Y. Times, Aug. 24,
2010, http://www.nytimes.com/2010/08/25/dining/25Milk.html.





n264.  May A Beydoun et al., Ethnic Differences in Dairy and Related Nutrient
Consumption Among US Adults and Their Association with Obesity, Central Obesity,
and the Metabolic Syndrome, 87 Am. J. Clinical Nutrition 1914, 1916-18 (2008),
available at http://ajcn.nutrition.org/content/87/6/1914.full.pdf+html.





n265.  Judith K. Jarvis & Gregory D. Miller, Overcoming the Barrier of Lactose
Intolerance to Reduce Health Disparities, 94 J. Nat'l Med. Ass'n 55, 56-57
(2002), available at
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2594135/pdf/jnma00319-0034.pdf.





n266.  A further complication is the issue of lactose intolerance, which is more
prevalent among non-white Americans than among white Americans. See id. at 61
("In the United States, some degree of primary lactose maldigestion occurs in an
estimated 15% (6% to 19%) of whites, 53% of Mexican Americans, 62% to 100% of
Native Americans, 80% of African Americans, and 90% of Asian Americans.").
Lactose intolerance is uncommon in young children, and develops with age. Nat'l
Insts. of Health, Lactose Intolerance and Health 7 (2010), available at
http://consensus.nih.gov/2010/docs/LI_CDC_2010_Final%20Statement.pdf. Flavored
milks may be more easily digested by lactose intolerant individuals. Jarvis &
Miller, supra note 265, at 61.





n267.  Severson, supra note 263 (describing how the director of Boulder, Colo.'s
school food program Ann Cooper installed a chilled milk dispenser to keep milk
consumption up after removing chocolate milk).





n268.  KidsWalk-to-School: Then and Now - Barriers and Solutions, Centers for
Disease Control & Prevention,
http://www.cdc.gov/nccdphp/dnpa/kidswalk/then_and_now.htm (last updated Feb. 25,
2008).





n269.  Noreen C. McDonald, Austin L. Brown, Lauren M. Marchetti & Margo S.
Pedroso, U.S. School Travel 2009: An Assessment of Trends, 41 Am. J. Preventive
Med. 146, 148 (2011),
http://planning.unc.edu/people/faculty/noreenmcdonald/McDonald_etal_SchoolTravel
2009NHTS_AJPM2011.pdf.





n270.  See, e.g., Gary Orfield, John Kucsera & Genevieve Siegel-Hawley, Civil
Rights Project/Proyecto Derechos Civiles, E Pluribus ... Separation: Deepening
Double Segregation for More Students (2012), available at
http://civilrightsproject.ucla.edu/research/k-12-education/integration-and-diver
sity/mlk-national/e-pluribus...separation-deepening-double-segregation-for-more-
students.





n271.  Wake County, N.C. Bd. of Educ., Resolution Establishing Board Directive
for Community Based School Assignments (Mar. 1, 2010),
http://www.wcpss.net/about-us/our-leadership/board-of-education/resolutions/2010
_march1_resolution.pdf.





n272.  Stacy Teicher Khadaroo, Busing to End in Wake County, N.C. Goodbye,
School Diversity?, Christian Sci. Monitor (Mar. 24, 2010),
http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/Education/2010/0324/Busing-to-end-in-Wake-County-N.
C.-Goodbye-school-diversity.





n273.  See, e.g., Smart School Siting: How School Locations Can Make Students
Healthier and Communities Stronger, Changelab Solutions,
http://changelabsolutions.org/publications/smart-school-siting (last visited
June 27, 2013).





n274.  See id.





n275.  Meryl Bloomrosen et al., Anticipating and Addressing the Unintended
Consequences of Health IT and Policy: A Report from the AMIA 2009 Health Policy
Meeting, 18 J. Am. Med. Informatics Ass'n 82, 83 (2011), available at
http://jamia.bmj.com/content/18/1/82.full.pdf (describing several axes of
unintended consequences: desirable/undesirable; anticipated/unanticipated;
direct/indirect; latent/obvious). Note that unintended consequences can also
occur that do not implicate disparity issues. See, e.g., Senarath Dharmasena &
Oral Capps, Jr., Intended and Unintended Consequences of a Proposed National Tax
on Sugar-Sweetened Beverages to Combat the U.S. Obesity Problem, 21 Health Econ.
669 (2011) (explaining that sugar sweetened beverage taxes will reduce sugar
intake, but that some models exaggerate the amount of decrease by failing to
account for likely substitution of other caloric drinks for sugar sweetened
beverages). Policymakers should make a practice of inquiring about unintended
consequences and modifying approaches to mitigate undesired effects.





n276.  In considering unintended consequences, it is worth recalling the list of
likely causes for such consequences: "ignorance, error, overriding of longterm
interest by immediate interest, basic values that require or prohibit action,
and self-defeating prophecy." Bloomrosen, supra note 275, at 82.





n277.  Inst. of Med., Unintended Consequences of Health Policy Programs and
Policies: Workshop Summary 3 (2001), available at
http://www.nap.edu/openbook.php?record_id=10192&page=R1.





n278.  Glickman et al., supra note 69, at 26-27 (emphasizing importance of
ensuring full participation in democratic decisionmaking institutions).





n279.  Health Impact Assessment Factsheet, Hum. Impact Partners,
http://www.humanimpact.org/component/jdownloads/finish/12/192/0 (last visited
May 16, 2013) (engaging and empowering stakeholders is one of key goals of
health impact assessments).





n280.  U.S. Dep't of Health & Human Servs., supra note 101, at 28. The
Department of Health and Human Services is currently conducting pilot
assessments of the use of this approach.





n281.  Concerns about the propriety of race-oriented policy prescriptions may
emerge from different points on the political spectrum. Recognizing the history
of detrimental race-based health categorizations, both deliberate and
unconscious, proposed approaches should not be implemented without solid support
both by data and by the community in question. See, e.g., Erik Lillquist &
Charles A. Sullivan, The Law and Genetics of Racial Profiling in Medicine, 39
Harv. C.R.-C.L. L. Rev. 391 (2009).





n282.  Inst. of Med., supra note 277, at 3.





n283.  Id. at 9.


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Murray Valley Standard

                                  May 4, 2015

BYLINE: Peri Strathearn

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 269  words


Murray Bridge Farmers Market has received a huge boost from the city's council:
its annual licence fee will be cut by 93 per cent.

At a meeting on April 13, the market's organisers convinced councillors the
event's not-for-profit status was a valid reason it should not have to pay the
commercial rate of $6000 per year to use the council office car park.

Instead organisers will pay just $402 per annum, and the council will spend
$12,000 upgrading the power supply that is used.

The third time was the charm for the farmers market, which had unsuccessfully
petitioned the council for a reduced fee twice last year.

Market chairman Wayne Austin said both the fee reduction and power upgrade meant
a lot.

"Upgrading the power means we've got a greater capacity for stallholders using
power," he said.

"We've got a Cambodian lady starting shortly selling hot Cambodian food.

"We can also do more promotion and help set up businesses as required, and it
also means we're more capable of giving back to our community in one way or
another."

At the council meeting, Councillor Fred Toogood argued the market organisers
should have to pay for half the cost of the power upgrade.

"The idea of my amendment is the farmers market can start to stand on their feet
and reduce fees to their stallholders so it will snowball," he said.

But the other councillors decided the power supply was the council's
responsibility, and to do all in their power to help the farmers market succeed.

The markets lost $3000 between July 1 and March 3 despite producing more than
$14,000 in income, most of which came from stallholders' fees, over that time.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 23, 2012 Saturday

Downtown has new farmers' market

BYLINE: Keith Lawrence, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 395 words


June 23--Downtown Owensboro has a new farmers' market on Tuesday nights this
summer.

Two weeks ago, Suzanne Cecil White of Cecil Farms set up a booth on the Daviess
County Courthouse lawn to sell produce.

Last Tuesday, she was joined by Reid's Orchard, Taylor's Farm Market and
Blueberries of Daviess County.

Quinton Christenson, a local folk artist, performed original music for the
shoppers.

"Our goal is to have at least four vendors there every week," White said. "We
drew more of a crowd last week than we did the first week. People were excited.
It wasn't a big crowd, but it was a good start."

The new farmers' market is part of the Owensboro-Daviess County Convention &
Visitors Bureau's Farm to Table, Vine to Glass promotion urging restaurants to
use more locally grown foods.

Seven restaurants -- Bill's Restaurant, Colby's Fine Food & Spirits, The Creme
Coffee, Famous Bistro, Gambrinus Libation Emporium, The Miller House and Pangea
Cafe -- are participating this year with Tuesday night specials featuring local
produce and wine.

"That's why we chose Tuesday night," White said. "People are downtown walking
around before and after dinner."

"I think it's wonderful that they're bringing fresh produce downtown and
creating a farmers market atmosphere," said Karen Miller, executive director of
the CVB. "What a wonderful event for the courthouse lawn."

White said, "People like a good selection to choose from. But I don't want to
invite 30 vendors until we have enough of a crowd to support 30 vendors."

Last Tuesday saw a selection of blackberries, blueberries, peaches, apples,
cider, fresh flowers and a variety of vegetables, White said.

Christenson performed free to help draw a crowd, she said.

"The music was a good and we had plenty of shade," White said. "It was a nice
experience."

She'd like to find other musicians who will perform for "little to nothing" to
help create a party atmosphere, she said.

Hours are from 4 to 7 p.m.

Owensboro's other farmers market -- Owensboro Regional Farmers Market -- is in
the parking lot at Owensboro Christian Church, 2818 New Hartford Road from 6:30
a.m. to noon on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays.

Keith Lawrence, 691-7301, ?klawrence@messenger-inquirer.com

___ (c)2012 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120623-OW-Downtown-has-new-farmers-market-0623-20120623

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2012 Messenger-Inquirer


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday

Television cameras to roll at Saturday's Vallejo Farmers Market

BYLINE: By Sarah Rohrs and Rachel Raskin-Zrihen Times-Herald staff writer /

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 428 words


Shoppers at Saturday's Farmers Market in downtown Vallejo could find themselves
getting their 15 minutes of fame as they pick up some fresh produce and baked
goods.

As part of new contract obligations to better publicize the weekly market on
Georgia Street, the Pacific Coast Farmers Market Association will be on hand
filming a television commercial to air on local cable television stations.

Healthy crowds are sought in an effort to show how popular the Saturday morning
market is in Vallejo, said Stefan Robinson, association director of marketing
and promotion.

"We're doing a commercial about the Farmers Market and going around and filming
different locations around Vallejo," Robinson said.

"We want to capture a lot of what Vallejo is -- capture the character and flavor
of Vallejo. We think Vallejo is a great town," Robinson said.

The television commercial will begin to air regularly Feb. 3 on a variety of
local Comcast cable channels, including CNN, Discovery Channel, Food Network,
MSNBC, BET, Nickelodeon and the Oprah Winfrey Network.

New commercials will be made periodically to reflect new seasonal fruits and
vegetables. An effort will also go into tying the market into downtown and
waterfront activities, such as the Pirates Festival and Earth Day, Robinson
said.

The commercial is part of the association's reinvestment into the market and
helping ensure the market will grow and draw in more shoppers, said downtown
merchant Ken Ingersol, a board member of Central Core Restoration Corporation
which negotiated the new contract.

"There's no other organization or business that draws more people downtown on a
regular weekly basis than the Farmers Market," Ingersol said. "It's really where
the community starts."

Ingersol said there have been big improvements in the Farmers Market since early
last year, but the event needs more exposure.

Some of the improvements include the elimination of the "cheesy, flea market-
type stuff at the end of Georgia Street," Ingersol said.

"Those are gone, replaced with more food and people. And some of the
brick-and-mortar stores have started selling there and are doing well. A jump
house now comes weekly. It's a very family friendly event," Ingersol said.

Besides getting the word out about the market, the ads are also designed to
reestablish a sense of a community downtown.

Contact staff writer Sarah Rohrs at srohrs@timesheraldonline.com or (707)
553-6832. Follow her on Twitter @SarahVTH. Contact staff writer Rachel
Raskin-Zrihen at (707) 553-6824 or rzrihen@timesheraldonline.com Follow her on
Twitter@Rachelvth.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 18, 2005 Tuesday

Grand Lake fall festival a first for area

BYLINE: By Quynh Tran; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 337 words


Shoppers, residents and businesses in the Grand Lake area say it's time to get
together and celebrate by organizing the first Grand Lake Fall Festival on
Saturday.

"We haven't had a festival highlighting this part of Oakland," said Aimee
Allison, festival organizer and management consultant. "People are really ready
for it."

By combining the neighborhood's traditional children's Halloween Parade, the
second anniversary celebration of Splash Pad Park, and the weekly farmers market
with promotion of local services and businesses, organizers hope residents and
visitors will get to know the area better.

Allison said the organizing committee approached every business on Lakeshore,
Grand and Santa Clara avenues to participate.

The turnout is 35 restaurants, services and retail businesses that will display
their crafts and talent. Whether visitors want to see a karate demonstration,
African drummers, a jazz band, try out salsa dancing or get their ears pierced,
the festival offers "a little bit for everyone and they're all local people,"
Allison said.

More than 5,000 people are expected to attend. Parking is available at the
Lakeview Elementary School on Grand Avenue. A pumpkin patch fund-raiser also
will benefit the school.

The farmers market will provide free miniature pumpkins and decorations.
Operators of the Bounce House, a children's inflatable play structure, will
donate half of their proceeds to the Lakeshore Avenue Baptist Church's
Thanksgiving Food Program.

"We'll celebrate the creative folks, business district and the community,"
Allison said.

Reach reporter Quynh Tran at 510-748-1682 or qtran@cctimes.com

IF YOU GO

WHAT: Grand Lake Fall Festival

WHEN: Saturday, Oct. 22, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.

WHERE: Splash Pad Park on Lake Park Ave. between Grand and Lakeshore avenues.

DETAILS: The children's Halloween Parade begins at the Mandana Plaza at Mandana
Boulevard and Lakeshore Avenue at 10:30 a.m. For more information or to
volunteer, contact Aimee Allison at 510-277-0182.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, CA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             June 29, 2006 Thursday

Oldtown group's chief moves on;
Jennifer Filice helped revive area

BYLINE: DANIA AKKAD, Herald Salinas Bureau

SECTION: Z_VANEWS

LENGTH: 450 words


After two years as executive director, Jennifer Filice worked her last day at
the Oldtown Salinas Association on Wednesday.

Filice will start Monday as director of marketing at the Monterey County
Convention & Visitors Bureau, where she served several years ago as the
advertising and promotions manager.

"I'm really proud of the work that we did as a team," said Filice of her time in
Salinas. "We pulled together, and we worked on marketing and image and branding
for Oldtown."

Prior to her first stint with the Convention & Visitors Bureau, Felice worked at
the Salinas Valley Chamber of Commerce promoting Salinas as a tourism
destination. She said she is looking forward to the bureau's plans for promoting
the county.

"A lot of people locally like to make such a distinction between what's
happening in Salinas and what's happening on the Peninsula," she said. "But to
tourists, I think they can see how Monterey County is a singular destination."

Filice's departure was announced at the association's board of directors meeting
Wednesday morning.

"She accomplished so much in the short time that she was with us," said
association president Luis Alvarez.

As a small association, he said, Oldtown relied on Felice to do the work other
associations might have two or three people do.

"She's done a phenomenal amount of things since she's been here," said Wylie
Mitchell, real estate broker at NAI BT Commercial in Salinas and one of the
association's directors.

Oldtown's Passport to Cherry's fundraising event, which showcases downtown's
businesses, improved under Filice's watch, Mitchell said.

Filice reestablished the Oldtown Farmers Market, a feat that likely would not
have come to fruition without her work, Mitchell said.

"I'm really sorry to see her go," Mitchell said. "The whole city has a loss."

The association formed a committee to search for the next executive director and
will soon start advertising the position, Alvarez said.

At a retreat a couple of weeks ago, Alvarez said, the board went over annual
surveys filled out by members to voice concerns and goals for the coming year.
Topping the list of goals is improved communication between the association and
its membership, creation of a strategic parking plan for Oldtown, and increased
promotion of Oldtown events, such as the new farmers market.

"We think that the association is entering a real exciting stage," Alvarez said.

The Oldtown Salinas Association, established in 1977, is a nonprofit
organization that promotes the Oldtown business district through revitalization
programs, marketing, business recruitment, community events and advocacy with
local government.

Dania Akkad can be reached at 753-6752 or dakkad@montereyherald.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             June 29, 2006 Thursday

Oldtown group's chief moves on;
Jennifer Filice helped revive area

BYLINE: DANIA AKKAD, Herald Salinas Bureau

SECTION: Z_BUSINESS

LENGTH: 450 words


After two years as executive director, Jennifer Filice worked her last day at
the Oldtown Salinas Association on Wednesday.

Filice will start Monday as director of marketing at the Monterey County
Convention & Visitors Bureau, where she served several years ago as the
advertising and promotions manager.

"I'm really proud of the work that we did as a team," said Filice of her time in
Salinas. "We pulled together, and we worked on marketing and image and branding
for Oldtown."

Prior to her first stint with the Convention & Visitors Bureau, Felice worked at
the Salinas Valley Chamber of Commerce promoting Salinas as a tourism
destination. She said she is looking forward to the bureau's plans for promoting
the county.

"A lot of people locally like to make such a distinction between what's
happening in Salinas and what's happening on the Peninsula," she said. "But to
tourists, I think they can see how Monterey County is a singular destination."

Filice's departure was announced at the association's board of directors meeting
Wednesday morning.

"She accomplished so much in the short time that she was with us," said
association president Luis Alvarez.

As a small association, he said, Oldtown relied on Felice to do the work other
associations might have two or three people do.

"She's done a phenomenal amount of things since she's been here," said Wylie
Mitchell, real estate broker at NAI BT Commercial in Salinas and one of the
association's directors.

Oldtown's Passport to Cherry's fundraising event, which showcases downtown's
businesses, improved under Filice's watch, Mitchell said.

Filice reestablished the Oldtown Farmers Market, a feat that likely would not
have come to fruition without her work, Mitchell said.

"I'm really sorry to see her go," Mitchell said. "The whole city has a loss."

The association formed a committee to search for the next executive director and
will soon start advertising the position, Alvarez said.

At a retreat a couple of weeks ago, Alvarez said, the board went over annual
surveys filled out by members to voice concerns and goals for the coming year.
Topping the list of goals is improved communication between the association and
its membership, creation of a strategic parking plan for Oldtown, and increased
promotion of Oldtown events, such as the new farmers market.

"We think that the association is entering a real exciting stage," Alvarez said.

The Oldtown Salinas Association, established in 1977, is a nonprofit
organization that promotes the Oldtown business district through revitalization
programs, marketing, business recruitment, community events and advocacy with
local government.

Dania Akkad can be reached at 753-6752 or dakkad@montereyherald.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                         Webster Groves Farmers Market

                            1 #4 East Lockwood Ave .
                           Webster Groves,  MO 63119
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (314) 963-5696x5888
URL: www.webstergrovesfarmersmarket.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Webster Groves Farmers Market is not the first St. Louis market, but we
aim to be the most unique. What makes this market so special is our location,
our selection and our community support. The Market was created in 2010 through
a collaborative effort from city leaders, area businesses and local
organizations. Never before has a farmers market been so thoroughly embraced by
its community.  The Webster Groves Farmers Market is a weekly non-profit market
featuring local farmers, food producers and artisans from Missouri and Illinois.
Our mission is to promote healthy eating and sustainability by providing locally
grown and produced goods and by sponsoring food-related education in a unique
and? lively park setting that integrates the local business base in its efforts
to make the Webster Groves community a leading place to live and shop.  The
Webster Groves Farmers Market is supported by an all-volunteer Board of
Directors and funded by fund-raising initiatives, sponsorships and vendor fees.
The market works on a small budget that must support a variety of operating
expenses that include tents and tables for vendors, site improvements,
marketing, promotions, and a market manager.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Leamington Courier

                             July 4, 2015 Saturday

Farmers market at school

LENGTH: 241  words


Green-fingered children at Ferncumbe Primary School will be selling fresh
produce at their next farmers' market.

It takes place at the school on Friday, July 3 and includes cheese, breads,
eggs, lamb, chocolate, vegetables and honey.

Following the huge success of the previous markets at the school, relationships
are building between the school and local producers.

The pupils are also actively involved in growing plants to sell on their own
stall at the market too, as well as organising the promotion of their event and
supporting producers attending on the day.

Staff at the school say the project is a great way to bring local producers into
school and extend their links with the local community.

Through practical opportunities and this real-life enterprise project, the
children are learning to appreciate where fresh produce comes from whilst
enhancing their enterprise skills.

Headteacher Sally Morris  said: "I am delighted to welcome the local community
and producers to our school to celebrate the summer though our farmers market.

"The children gained so much from the previous markets, by growing, marketing
and selling their produce and all are hoping to do even better this time."

She added: "Our school and all the pupils have gained from this project and we
look forward to running more markets in the years to come"

Everyone is welcome to attend the market, which will take place from
1.30pm-3.30pm at the school, The Green, Hatton.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHLC


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Warwick Courier

                             July 4, 2015 Saturday

Farmers market at school

LENGTH: 241  words


Green-fingered children at Ferncumbe Primary School will be selling fresh
produce at their next farmers' market.

It takes place at the school on Friday, July 3 and includes cheese, breads,
eggs, lamb, chocolate, vegetables and honey.

Following the huge success of the previous markets at the school, relationships
are building between the school and local producers.

The pupils are also actively involved in growing plants to sell on their own
stall at the market too, as well as organising the promotion of their event and
supporting producers attending on the day.

Staff at the school say the project is a great way to bring local producers into
school and extend their links with the local community.

Through practical opportunities and this real-life enterprise project, the
children are learning to appreciate where fresh produce comes from whilst
enhancing their enterprise skills.

Headteacher Sally Morris  said: "I am delighted to welcome the local community
and producers to our school to celebrate the summer though our farmers market.

"The children gained so much from the previous markets, by growing, marketing
and selling their produce and all are hoping to do even better this time."

She added: "Our school and all the pupils have gained from this project and we
look forward to running more markets in the years to come"

Everyone is welcome to attend the market, which will take place from
1.30pm-3.30pm at the school, The Green, Hatton.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MHC2


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                McCreary County Record (Whitley City, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 9, 2014 Wednesday

Farmers' Market offers something for everyone

BYLINE: Janie Slaven, McCreary County Record, Whitley City, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 570 words


July 09--STEARNS --  One of the many events taking place over the holiday
weekend was the grand opening of the McCreary Farmers' Market on Saturday.

Nearly a dozen local vendors were on hand offering everything from potatoes to
chickens to hand-made ornaments. The McCreary County Chamber of Commerce joined
in with free watermelon slices and a ribbon-cutting ceremony while Sweet
Kreations, Big South Fork Scenic Railway, Pottery by Mehg, Lake Cumberland
District Health Department and McCreary County Tourist Commission donated door
prizes.

The event kicked off at 9 a.m. with a special appearance by Edsel Blevins, who
worked in the school system for three decades and is best-known for his banjo
skills. Blevins played and greeted the crowd in the morning before moving on to
the McCreary County Museum where a new exhibit was unveiled Saturday in his
honor.

"I'm very pleased with how it went," McCreary County Judge-Executive Doug
Stephens said of the grand opening. "The farmers' market not only helps people
supplement their income but is becoming quite the social event. That's what we
want -- to build community."

The market itself is operated by a co-op of local producers with vendors having
the option to join or just set up for a day. However, several county and
community organizations are working to support the market as part of the larger
Grow McCreary County agribusiness plan.

An important partner has been the Berea-based Grow Appalachia, which recently
applied for $77,000 in federal funding from USDA's Local Food Promotion Program
on the county's behalf to establish a local hub to process and distribute
locally produced food items. With a 25 percent in-kind match, the project would
be worth some $100,000 over the next two years. Grant announcements are expected
in September.

If McCreary County is awarded that grant or a smaller one, the hub would include
a shared-use kitchen, store front and community garden.

While the former jail facility has been named as a potential site for the
commercial kitchen, Judge Stephens said yesterday that other locations are being
explored as well.

"If there is an opportunity to open the jail, we would want to do that as
quickly as possible," he said.

While some value-added products require processing at an approved commercial
kitchen, Deputy Judge Andrew Powell and Economic/ Community Development Director
Susan Stephens stressed in a recent farmers' market meeting that others can be
processed at home. More information can be found in the Kentucky Farmers' Market
Manual available on the county's website.

In the meantime, organizers are hopeful that the budding interest in locally
grown food continues to grow. Since a June 21 "soft opening", the Farmers'
Market -- located off Wilburn K. Ross Highway -- has grown from four vendors to
10 with more needed as the season goes on.

Though the market is scheduled to stay open each Saturday from 9 a.m. until 2
p.m. each Saturday, more than one vendor has reported selling out within the
first couple of hours.

"The consumers are there," Deputy Judge Powell said.

For more information, call Economic and Community Development Director Susan
Stephens at 376-9711 or visit the market's Facebook page and the county website,

www.mccrearycounty.com.

___ (c)2014 the McCreary County Record (Whitley City, Ky.) Visit the McCreary
County Record (Whitley City, Ky.) at mccrearyrecord.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140709-RK-Farmers-Market-offers-something-for-everyone-0709-20140709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RK


                     Copyright 2014 McCreary County Record


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                            June 25, 2014 Wednesday

News in brief

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 450 words


Staff and wire reports

Springfield

Governor signs farmers' market legislation

Legislation that would set consistent statewide standards for farmers' markets
has been approved by Gov. Pat Quinn.

The legislation signed Monday requires the Farmers' Market Task Force of the
Illinois Department of Public Health to make recommendations by Dec. 15 for
consistent standards on food safety, product sampling and labeling products by
source. The legislation also caps fees local health departments can charge
"cottage food" operations - foods produced at home but sold at other venues - at
$25.

The Illinois Stewardship Alliance, Illinois Environmental Council, local health
departments, Illinois Department of Public Health and Illinois Public Health
Association all worked on the bill.

Nicoud hosts 'Drive for Hope'

Nicoud Insurance of Springfied is hosting its third annual "Drive for Hope" from
10 a.m. to 2 p.m. today at the agency office, 4481 Ash Grove Drive.

Central Illinois Blood Center will collect donations on site from 10 a.m. to 2
p.m. Nicoud Insurance will accept donations for Contact Ministries from 8 a.m.
to 4:30 p.m.

Contact Ministries, a faith-based social service agency, has a particular need
for diapers in sizes 4 and 5, as well as over-the-counter medications such as
Tylenol, allergy medicines, and cold and flu medicines for children and adults.

Blood donations should be scheduled by contacting Nicoud, 546-6900.

Wheat harvest in full swing

As Illinois' latest corn and soybean crops grow taller, the state's harvest of
winter wheat is in full swing.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture reports one-fifth of the state's winter wheat
crop has been brought in from the fields. That is twice the rate of last year's
harvest at this time, but off from the average pace of 31 percent over the
previous five years.

The USDA says 53 percent of Illinois' corn crop is rated as being in good
condition, and another 25 percent is in excellent shape. More than half of the
soybean crop is said to be in good shape, while an additional 18 percent is in
excellent condition.

St. Louis

Ikea breaks ground for store

The world's largest furniture retailer officially arrived in Missouri on Tuesday
with a St. Louis groundbreaking.

Swedish furniture titan Ikea has selected a location in the Cortex research park
near the city's central west end and midtown neighborhoods for a
380,000-square-foot store. The company says the store will create 500 short-term
construction jobs and 300 long-term positions once the store opens in the fall
of 2015.

The store will become the closest Ikea location to the Springfield area.
Currently, central Illinois shoppers must go to the Chicago area to shop at
Ikea.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           September 13, 2009 Sunday

Letter: Leave the farmers market alone

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 188 words


Where is the only place in Chico where you can get a free birthday present (on
the Saturday nearest your birthday)? The Saturday farmers market of course. For
almost two decades now visitors to the Saturday market have been given a carton
of fresh eggs on their birthday. No hype, no promotions, no gimmicks. Above all,
no politics.

In the same breath, farmers give away numerous special treats for dog and cat
owners alike   again, for almost two decades now. It is the way it is. The way
it has been. It is a tradition for probably tens of thousands of folks over the
years.

Now, the "wise" elders, in the shape of the City Council, come along and want to
change everything. They simply don't understand the word "tradition" or
"ambiance" or "farmers market appeal." All they can do is to look at the bland
politics of everyday life. Now they want to upheave the farmers, disrupt regular
customers and, even worse, confuse the thousands of weekend visitors simply
because they   the City Council   just don't get it. Support the small farmer
before he vanishes.

I hope we remember this come election time.

Chris Copley, Corning

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             March 2, 2010 Tuesday

Market under new management

BYLINE: By Lisa P. White Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Central Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 485 words


PLEASANT HILL   A year after two groups competed for the opportunity to run the
Pleasant Hill farmers market, the city attracted just one applicant for the 2010
season.

The City Council awarded the one-year contract to Pacific Coast Farmers' Market
Association, which operates 62 Bay Area markets, including those at Todos Santos
Plaza in Concord, Jack London Square in Oakland and downtown Martinez.

The market is scheduled to open in May.

The nonprofit Pacific Coast Farmers' Market Association has budgeted $41,000 for
the Pleasant Hill market, including $22,000 for advertising, marketing and
promotions. The city does not provide any money for the market.

The group has approved more than 300 agricultural producers and 350 other
vendors such as bakers and candymakers to sell in its markets. In the proposal,
Pacific Coast touts the diversity of its offerings, including organic produce,
nuts, fresh eggs, heirloom fruits and vegetables and ready-to-eat foods.

City leaders would like the farmers market to relocate from the City Hall
parking lot to the downtown to draw more foot traffic for the retailers in the
shopping center.

Martin Nelis, city spokesman, said there are two possible sites, along Crescent
Drive on either side of Crescent Plaza. But some of the anchor tenants have
clauses in their leases that could prohibit the market's move to the downtown.
For example, Verizon scuttled an earlier plan to move the farmers market to a
parking lot that is visible from Contra Costa Boulevard, according to Nelis.

"We are hopeful that there would be an opportunity to move the market this
season if time allows," he said.

Although the contract is for one year, Nelis said he does not anticipate looking
for a new manager for the farmers market next year.

"We will know pretty quickly at the peak of the season   during the months of
June, July and August   based on attendance, based on how many vendors are
there, whether it's being successful or not," Nelis said.

Pleasant Hill solicited proposals from six farmers market operators, including
Contra Costa Certified Farmers' Markets, which has run the city's market for 27
years.

Last year, Contra Costa Certified Farmers' Markets beat back a challenge by
Walnut Creek-based California Farmers' Market Association to take over
management of the Pleasant Hill operation. Neither organization submitted a
proposal for this year.

Mayor Karen Mitchoff said the Pacific Coast Farmers' Market Association was
impressive, but she was concerned that only one group had applied.

"Karen, I shared your initial concern," Councilman Michael Harris said. "But
after reading (Pacific Coast's) proposal and I visited a number of their farmers
markets, I'm convinced that it's an outstanding organization and we're going to
be very thrilled to have them operate a farmers market in Pleasant Hill."

Lisa P. White covers Martinez and Pleasant Hill. Contact her at 925-943-8011.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              July 14, 2013 Sunday

Animals, plants and nature

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 550 words


Does your organization have an upcoming event? Tell us -- and our web readers --
all about it at dailyherald.com/calendar.

Buffalo Grove Farmers Market: 8 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Sundays through Oct. 6
(except Sept. 1), at the parking lot in Mike Rylko Community Park, in front of
Spray 'n Play, 951 McHenry Road. Home grown vegetables, fruits, flowers, meats,
cheeses, breads, and other locally grown foods. Visit Facebook at Buffalo Grove
Farmers Market to watch for upcoming promotions or on Twitter at
@BGFarmersMarket. For information, visit farmersmarket@vbg.org

Long Grove Farmers Market: 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Sundays through Oct. 13, Archer
Parking Lot in historic downtown Long Grove, off Old McHenry or Robert Parker
Coffin Road. Fresh local and Midwest fruits and vegetables, along with a variety
of organic products from produce to bug sprays, including large brown eggs,
heirloom sweet corn and popcorn, artisan breads, gourmet coffee, sauces,
homemade dog treats, health products and more. Visit longgrovevt@gmail.com

Mount Prospect Lions Club Farmers Market: 8 a.m.-1 p.m. Sundays through Oct. 20,
Mount Prospect Train Depot, West Commuter Parking Lot, corner of Northwest
Highway and Route 83. Array of fruits, vegetables, herbs, flowers and other
goodies. For details, visit mountprospect.org.

Bugs and Butterflies: 2 p.m. Sunday, July 14, Stillman Nature Center, 33 W.
Penny Raod, South Barrington. Join Stillman's naturalist and search the nature
center's fields for butterflies, beetles, and other bugs. If you've got a bug
net at home, bring it along. Free. For information or to register, call (847)
428-6957, email atstillnc@wildblue.net or visit sstillmannc.org.

Petathlon for Rescued Animals: 8 a.m. Sunday, July 14, Cook Park, downtown
Libertyville. To raise support and awareness for lifesaving and animal care
expenses, Save-A-Pet Adoption Center hosts its annual Petathlon in conjunction
with Pampered Pupz in Libertyville's Dog Days of Summer. Registration opens at 8
a.m. The walk is scheduled to begin at 9:30 a.m. Activities include a 3K
fun-run/walk, raffle, games for dogs and their humans, souvenir photos, more.
Refreshments and live music also provided. To register, visit www.petathlon.org.
For information, call (847) 740-7788. Citizens for Conservation July Day Camp: 9
a.m.-11:30 p.m. Monday, July 15,-Friday, July 19, Citizens for Conservation, 459
W. Hwy. 22, Lake Barrington. Citizens for Conservation Youth Education invites
children to be part of the fun and excitement at the Leave No Child Inside and
STEM-oriented Day camp for children entering first and second grades. Camp is
held rain or shine. Cost is $100 for members; $150 for nonmembers. Register at
citizensforconservation.org. For information, email
youth-ed@citizensforconservaion.org or call (847) 382-7283. Lake/Cook Chapter
Illinois Audubon Society: 7 p.m. the third Tuesday of the month, Heller Nature
Center, Highland Park. Free lecture. For information, visit lakecookaudubon.org.
Arlington Anglers Fishing Club: 6:30-8:30 p.m. the third Tuesday of each month,
Cabela's Sporting Goods Store, 5225 Prairie Stone Parkway, Hoffman Estates.
Representatives from Cook and DuPage counties will talk about forest preserve
fishing opportunities. For details, call (630) 688-0995 or visit
arlingtonanglers.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Jefferson Post (West Jefferson, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday

Commercial Kitchen gears up for new cooking season

BYLINE: Wil Petty, Jefferson Post, West Jefferson, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 781 words


April 03--Ashe County's Commercial Kitchen is undergoing changes, as its busiest
months are fast approaching.

"We want to see people come in here and have a dream and be able to make their
dream come true," said Lisa Bauguess, kitchen manager for the Commercial
Kitchen. "It's a place where that can happen with the right steps, the right
training, education, promotion and marketing, it can actually happen."

Right now, the kitchen is teaming up with multiple organizations, including Blue
Ridge Seeds of Change, Blue Ridge Food Ventures, Heifer International, Greater
Lansing Area Development (GLAD), AdvantageWest, Ashe Partnership for Children
and Wilkes Community College to help develop a better future for the incubator
and its users -- and help find more funding.

"All of our planning is coming together," Bauguess said. "I think we have the
right people in place to make a difference."

Aside from Ashe County's kitchen, located at Family Central, the closest two
commercial kitchens are in Asheville and Rockingham County. Bauguess said most
users of the kitchen in the past years have been from Ashe and Watauga counties.

Now she would like to see the kitchen promoted to an expanded area.

"I would like for us to go regional," Bauguess said. "Sparta, Galax (Va.), all
of these places have their farmer's markets going on. People just need to know
what is here, and I don't think they actually do."

Since its development in 2007, the Ashe Commercial Kitchen has been serving as
an incubator for entrepreneurs and for those who want a successful career in the
food industry. The kitchen, for an affordable hourly charge, provides
approximately $200,000 worth of equipment available for use including industrial
ovens, grinders, food testers and walk in freezers.

Bauguess said the busiest months for the kitchen are between the months of April
and October, when many people use the space for the farmer's market. Year round,
the kitchen is used by caterers, small businesses and food trucks.

In addition, other changes are coming in the form of helping the kitchen users
develop a business plan and have informative classes on mass cooking.

Bauguess said one class will involve Dan Little of Wilkes Community College
helping the kitchen users jumpstart their business.

"(Little) is now available to help our new kitchen users to make a business
plan, just to get them a little bit more prepared," she said.

In addition, Bauguess said there are plans in place to provide classes on baking
breads, cakes and other food.

The kitchen can be rented for $15 per hour and includes a $250 refundable
deposit. In addition, users need a ServSafe certification and insurance.

Also, kitchen users are able to use the area's shelf and freezer spaces for an
affordable monthly charge. The kitchen is open 24/7, but there are plans to set
up an online schedule where users can go see what times are available for them
to work.

Promotion is also key for the kitchen's future plans. Bauguess said, the need
for classes is important, as she sees people come into the kitchen with good
ideas and visions, but sometimes, they fall short.

"Of course, we need people knowing that we are here, by getting the word out to
surrounding counties," she said. "We want to be regional and not just in Ashe
County. We need classes to help people out and to get them started, and I think
that is really important. I think if you put those steps to help (new kitchen
users) build their business, they will be successful."

As part of the changes and partnerships, the Ashe Commercial Kitchen is working
with Blue Ridge Food Ventures, the commercial kitchen based in Asheville.

"(Blue Ridge Food Ventures) have something that works, they're big," Baugess
said.

As Bauguess remains excited and optimistic about the coming months, with the
work going on with several different community organizations, the main focus of
the kitchen will continue to be a promotion of economic development in the
region.

"We want you to grow," she said. "We are an incubator and our whole plan is to
help you get started in your own business and be successful. It can be really
profitable if you have your head on straight and know what you want to do."

For more information on the Ashe County Commercial Kitchen, call Bauguess at
(336) 620-2484, or visit www.ashencedc.com/agriculture/commercial-kitchen/.
Additional information is also available on the Blue Ridge Seeds of Change
website at: www.blueridgeseedsofchange.org/.

Wil Petty can be reached at (336) 846-7164 or on Twitter @WilPetty.

___ (c)2014 Jefferson Post (West Jefferson, N.C.) Visit the Jefferson Post (West
Jefferson, N.C.) at www.jeffersonpost.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140403-1WJ-Commercial-Kitchen-gears-up-for-new-cooking-season-20140403

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WJ


                         Copyright 2014 Jefferson Post


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 2014 University of Detroit Mercy School of Law

                     University of Detroit Mercy Law Review

                                   Fall, 2014

                     University of Detroit Mercy Law Review

                          91 U. Det. Mercy L. Rev. 317

LENGTH: 15509 words

NOTE: Cultivating Capital: A Look at the Issues Affecting Urban Farms as a
Business and How New Innovative Policy Changes at the Federal and State Level
Will Impact the Financial Sustainability of Urban Farms

NAME: William Semaan*

BIO: * William E. Semaan Jr. is a third-year student at the University of
Detroit Mercy School of Law. He would like to thank Professor Jacqueline Hand
for her guidance in planning and writing this Note. He would also like to thank
the Executive Board of Law Review for the opportunity to publish this Note.

HIGHLIGHT: John Greene is at a crossroads in his life. As a 29 year-old army
veteran living in Detroit, John cannot seem to find his niche in society after
his stint in Iraq. John attempted a career in sales, however working out of a
cubicle 40 hours a week was a difficult lifestyle to adapt to. As a true
outdoorsman, John has always held an interest in agriculture. Moreover, John has
always been an entrepreneur at heart and longed to start his own small business.
As a life-long Detroit native, John decides he wants to put his sales career
aside and start his own urban farm in Detroit.

TEXT:
 [*317]  Introduction

 Urban agriculture is experiencing a boom among American cities today. Over the
past two decades, urban agriculture has emerged as a movement to foster the
rehabilitation of ailing cities, supporting local economies, and providing
communities with access to fresh foods. n1 These efforts have typically taken
root in blighted American cities with dense populations and an abundance of
available land. n2 Urban agriculture enthusiasts see community gardens and urban
farms as a source of healthy food production, a potential source of income, and
a cost-effective way to utilize vacant land. n3 Unlike traditional agriculture,
urban agriculture is a more complex system, which encompasses a broad spectrum
of interests and benefits, from sustainable and organic methods of farming to
traditional activities associated with the production and distribution of food.
Although the upside seems measureless, the unfortunate truth is that urban farms
have yet to find success in the market economy. n4 "They may  [*318]  be at the
forefront of ecological sustainability, but economic sustainability eludes
them." n5

   In particular, one must wonder where the funding comes from for such a large
movement, and whether urban farmers can maintain a living off such an
unconventional business. Despite the demand from the community, many urban
farmers have struggled to secure sufficient capital to finance their projects.
n6 Urban farm entrepreneurs are finding that the traditional and archaic methods
of securing capital for agricultural ventures, such as government farm loans or
grants, are especially difficult to obtain due to the unique nature of urban
farming businesses. Fortunately, the path to stable funding for urban
agriculture businesses is in sight as mounting advocacy for new capital sources
has led to innovative policy changes at the federal and state level.

   This Note will analyze some of the financial and business-related concerns
many urban-farm entrepreneurs are facing today. Securing sufficient capital in
order to finance startup expenses is a crucial step in starting any business,
including urban farms. The first section will discuss reasons why urban farm
entrepreneurs are struggling to secure capital. As limited sources of available
capital for young and cash-strapped entrepreneurs impedes the development of
many urban farms, this Note will also discuss new and alternative sources of
available capital, including recently enacted legislation that would assist
urban farmers with securing microloans. The features of microloans include small
amounts, flexible payment periods, and a streamlined application process, which
make them an ideal source of capital for urban farm entrepreneurs.

   In the midst of financial ruin and home to the largest amount of abandoned
property in the country, Detroit fits the profile of a city urban farm
entrepreneurs flock to. As a result, Detroit has essentially become a test lab
for the urban agricultural movement. Therefore, this Note will use Detroit as a
case study in determining which factors are affecting urban farm entrepreneurs'
access to capital and the sustainability of urban farms as a business.

   Whether urban farming entrepreneurs are able to secure sufficient capital for
their businesses or not, it is essential for them to develop plausible business
strategies. This is because of the unconventional business nature of urban
agriculture, particularly its underlying  [*319]  environmental and social
goals, which urban farmers strive to fulfill in addition to making a living. For
this reason, it must be assessed whether there should be an alternative legal
status or business structure for businesses like urban farms that is better
suited to support their unique interests. Therefore, this Note will also explore
newly proposed legislation, including benefit corporation laws, as an
alternative status to traditional for-profit and non-profit businesses, and
whether this new status can help urban farms achieve their goals.

   I. Many Entrepreneurs Struggle to Secure Capital for Urban Farm Projects

 Among the first steps for John in starting his urban farm is determining which
type of crops his farm will produce and finding suitable land for his farm.
However, one of the most important steps and perhaps, the most troubling for
many young urban farmers is securing capital and financing his urban farm
business. Unfortunately, John did not save much money while in the army nor in
his short-lived sales career. With only a credit card and few thousand dollars
in a savings account to his name, John applies for a loan from the Farm Service
Agency in an effort to obtain enough funding for his urban farm.

   There is no doubt that Americans' preference for sustainable agriculture,
including organic farming and urban agriculture, has grown considerably in
recent years. n7 This growth is largely due to the changing agricultural
landscape of America over the past decade. America has experienced a shift in
agricultural policy favoring large commercial "mega-farms," which has led to the
erosion of the small family farm. However, this shift has also resulted in a
multitude of legal and environmental issues. n8 For this reason, our society has
become more conscious of environmental and health issues more than ever before.
Food safety fears, organically grown foods, nutrition, and an inclination to
support local farmers are just some of the reasons why American consumers prefer
organic and urban  [*320]  farming as the source of their food. n9 The
Department of Agriculture estimates that nearly fifteen percent of the world's
food is being grown in urban environments. n10 This number can only grow as over
80% of the American population is now living in urban areas. n11

   In the past two decades, America has seen a significant growth in organic
farming. n12 Due to the lack of statistical research measuring the progress of
urban agriculture, statistics of organic farming can be used to capture similar
general trends in America since the similarities between organic and urban
farming are vast and the majority of urban farms employ organic methods. n13
Organic food sales grew from $ 1 billion in 1990 to $ 26.7 billion in 2010 and
almost seventy percent of U.S. consumers now purchase organic products. n14
Despite this significant growth, a majority of organic farms remain small. n15
Studies indicate that such rapid growth in the organic food market has
overwhelmed organic farmers to the point where they cannot match the pace of
expansion with increases in farm production. n16 This rationale is supported by
the fact that a majority of organic farms are family-based operations;
approximately eighty-five percent of organic farms are listed as either sole
proprietorships or family partnerships, and a majority of organic farms generate
less than $ 25,000 in sales. n17 These statistics suggest that the overall
growth of the organic farm  [*321]  industry "tends to be more accounted for by
business start-ups" as opposed to the expansion of existing businesses. n18
Among the slew of factors this trend could be attributed to include the business
structures, philosophies, management styles, and mentalities of organic farmers,
which distinguishes them from operators of traditional and conventional farms.
n19

   Determining how to finance operations is a crucial step to starting any
business. Many entrepreneurs planning to start their own small-scale urban farms
have struggled to secure capital to finance their projects. n20 Among the
various issues contributing to this problem is the fact that urban farmers tend
to be young and newly-minted entrepreneurs. n21 Many young entrepreneurs seeking
their first business endeavor often have little business acumen or no financial
track record to prove financial viability. n22 Another reason is that urban
agriculture is such an unconventional business that traditional and established
methods of business valuation do not apply. n23 Furthermore, part of the problem
is that starting a small-scale urban farm requires fairly small amounts of
money, which, in many cases, may fall short of typical lending standards or is
likely not feasible when lending transactions costs are factored in. n24 As a
result of their struggles to secure capital, many urban-farm entrepreneurs have
turned to their credit cards in order to finance their business operations. n25
Cash-strapped urban famers may be forced to put thousands of dollars' worth of
expenses on a credit card, which is a mistake for a large farm, but may prove to
be devastating for small-scale urban farms. n26

   These financing troubles were demonstrated in a small survey of local Detroit
food and farming entrepreneurs assessing how they approach funding their
operations. n27 Among the surveyed, only five percent claimed they had
successfully obtained commercial bank loans. n28 Sixty-two percent  [*322]  of
the entrepreneurs said they used personal savings and credit cards, twenty-six
percent of which said they planned on using personal savings and credit cards in
the future. n29 Furthermore, sixty-four percent wished to finance their
operations with grants and donations, but only forty-five percent had
successfully done so. n30 Because this problem is so critical, legislatures have
finally responded. Indeed, Congress and state legislatures, along with a number
of public and private organizations, have established special loan programs
specifically designed for smaller organic and urban farms.

   II. The Features and Characteristics of Microloans Fit the Needs of Small
Urban Farms and May Be the Most Effective Source of Capital for Young Urban
Farming Entrepreneurs

 John decides he is going to grow a variety of vegetables on his urban farm and
sets his sights on a half-acre plot of land on the east side of Detroit. After
spending weeks searching for a FSA loan, which included filling out paper work
and trying to meet all of loan's strict requirements for applicants, a
frustrated John was not able to find a suitable loan that matched the needs of
his urban farm business. Given the fact that John only had limited farming and
business experience, he could not meet all of the qualifications of the federal
farm loans available to made available to urban-farm entrepreneurs. With such
limited farming and business experience, John just could not meet the
qualifications of the available federal farm loans.

   A. Problems with Traditional Farm Service Agency Farmer Loans

 Many of the traditional agricultural loans offered by the United States
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) loaning arm, the Farm Service Agency (FSA),
are archaic and do not fit the needs of this generation of urban farm
entrepreneurs. n31 The typical young and inexperienced urban-farm entrepreneur
seeking a traditional FSA loan is often rejected because those types of loans
are designed to support revenues estimated from large monocrop farms as opposed
to smaller-scale community supported agriculture operations with varying crops
yielding different margins throughout the year. n32 Also, traditional lending
channels tend to shy away from such unconventional businesses for which
production output bears  [*323]  such uncertainty. Because crops from urban
farms are seasonal and perishable, "farmers often must invest quickly or risk
losing their inventory." n33 For these reasons, commercial bank loans and
traditional government loans are often difficult to obtain for urban farm
entrepreneurs.

   Another problem urban farmers face in applying for a FSA loan is the
stringent qualifications applicants must satisfy in order to be eligible for a
loan. Take for instance a young entrepreneur with little or no agricultural
experience applying for FSA's Beginning Farmers and Ranchers loan. n34 According
to the FSA, a beginning farmer is defined as one who: "has not operated a farm
for more than 10 years, does not own a farm or ranch greater than 30 percent of
the median size farm in the country[,] ... meets the loan eligibility
requirements of the program to which he/she is applying, and substantially
participates in the [farm] operation." n35 Furthermore, in order to meet the
loan eligibility requirements for the Beginning Farmers and Ranchers loan, all
applicants "must have participated in the business operation of a farm for at
least three years out of the ten years prior to the date the application is
submitted," and the applicant "must make a cash down payment of at least 5
percent of the purchase price." n36 This preliminary requirement alone, among
many others, is unlikely to be met by many beginning and inexperienced
entrepreneurs. These requirements, combined with the complex application process
and extensive paperwork, often drives young farmers to turn to high-interest
credit cards to avoid the hassle. n37

   B. FSA Microloan Program

 In many cases, urban farm entrepreneurs in the beginning stages of their
project require only small amounts of funding for specific capital investments.
n38 This need seems to fit the goal of microloans. For this reason, microloans
could prove to be one of the most effective sources of capital for young urban
farming entrepreneurs. In January of 2013, the FSA launched its microloan
program to serve the needs of smaller farming operations, such as specialty crop
producers and operators of community supported agriculture. n39 The microloan
program is the result of an  [*324]  amendment to the federal Agriculture Reform
and Risk Management Act of 2012, known as the Farm Bill. n40 This amendment was
among the first actions Congress took in acknowledging the importance of
sustainable and locally grown agriculture.

   The concept of micro-lending was initially conceived in South Asia as a form
of financial development primarily focused on alleviating poverty by providing
financial assistance to the poor. n41 Micro-lending caters to low-income
households that typically are unable to secure loans through regular lending
channels as banks tend to view these borrowers as "non-bankable clients," with
high credit risks and small loans requests. n42 Despite skepticism by regular
lending channels, the micro-lending concept proved to be a successful movement.
n43 As microfinance institutions began operating around the world, a majority of
them reported successful operations due to effective poverty alleviation and
loan repayment rates of over 90 percent. n44 Microfinance has been a regular
practice in the United States since the 1980s; however, it was not introduced to
the agricultural industry until the establishment of the USDA's microloan
program in early 2013. n45

   1. Microloan Application Process

 In implementing the microloan program, the FSA has focused on streamlining the
application process and providing a longer payment period. n46 Microloans are
funded through FSA's Direct Operating Loan program and have a maximum amount of
$ 35,000, as opposed to the $ 300,000 loan cap for traditional FSA
farm-operating loans. n47 Applicants are required to secure these microloans
with collateral in the form of farm property worth at least 100 percent of the
loan amount. n48 FSA's microloan program features a more simplified and
efficient application process,  [*325]  including less paperwork and the use of
online applications. These features appear better suited to meet the
business-related needs of young and inexperienced entrepreneurs than traditional
farm loans do.

   2. Prior Farming Experience

 In contrast with traditionally strict FSA farm loan qualifications requiring a
great deal of prior experience working on a farm, microloan applicants are given
additional flexibility in meeting FSA's farm experience requirements. n49 For
microloans, experience may now include: small business practice, self-directed
apprenticeships, or involvement with an agricultural organization, such as
Future Farmers of America, farm-incubator programs, or community-based farm
training organizations. n50 These experience requirements fit the profile of
many urban farm entrepreneurs - young, cash-strapped, and with limited farming
experience.

   3. Itemized Cash-Flow & Past Yields

 Another feature urban farmers may find favorable is that FSA microloans do not
require an itemized cash-flow budget for microloan applicants. n51 An itemized
cash-flow budget, which was found in previous FSA loans, required farmers, such
as diverse vegetable growers, to develop cash-flow reports for each crop. n52
This process is tedious and is not a representative measure of success,
especially for urban farmers. n53 Another feature of FSA microloans is that
farmers are no longer required to report past yields. n54 Rather, microloan
"applicants can provide other forms of documentation such as operator's sales
receipts, financial statements, contracts, or tax returns." n55 This feature
especially benefits entrepreneurs without much farming experience.

   4. Results of the FSA Microloan Program

 Since the program's launch in January of 2013, statistics show that a solid
number of farmers have utilized FSA's microloan program. From  [*326]  January
to the close of the fiscal year, September 30, 2013, FSA made a total of 3,433
microloans in all fifty states. n56 FSA branches across the country were able to
provide over $ 66.8 million in microloans assisting beginning and smaller-scale
farmers to pay annual operating expenses such as seed, rent, and insurance. n57
The amount of microloans made in 2013 accounted for a quarter of all loans made
through FSA's Direct Operating Loan program. n58

   Perhaps one of the most encouraging signs that the FSA microloan program
could find success as a viable source of capital for urban farmers is that 68
percent of all microloans issued in the program's first year were made to
beginning farmers. n59 Furthermore, the majority of famers that received a
microloan in 2013 have received their first FSA loan. This is an indication that
the FSA microloan program may be reaching farmers unable to secure credit from
other sources. This is especially promising for entrepreneurs with minimal
agricultural experience looking to start an urban farm. n60

   5. Agricultural Act of 2014 Improvements to the FSA Microloan Programs

 Although FSA's microloan program has been relatively successful since its
establishment in 2013, further amendments were made to the Farm Bill in January
of 2014 when President Obama signed into law the Agricultural Act of 2014. n61
The new Farm Bill generally increases funding for urban agriculture, including $
150 million designated to Farmers Markets and Local Food Promotion among other
similar food programs. n62 Although spending increases for urban farming and
sustainable agriculture were not necessarily substantial, it does indicate that
Congress undoubtedly believes urban agriculture and other sustainable food
programs are effective and will likely play a large role in the future of
agriculture. Congress demonstrated this sentiment in one of the key features of
the new  [*327]  Farm bill - the permanent implementation of the FSA's microloan
program. n63

   In addition to its permanent implementation of the FSA microloan program, the
new Farm Bill includes some minor improvements to the program. Among the most
significant improvements is the exemption of microloans from term limits. These
term limits, which otherwise apply to direct operation loans, restrict the
number of years borrowers are eligible for FSA loans. n64 Term limits are often
viewed as inflexible limitations that leave farmers with no options or
exceptions in the case of natural disasters or drastic market slides. n65
Consequently, microloans made to beginning farmers are exempt from any term
limits. n66 This exemption is intended to keep young farmers from being
discouraged to seek a microloan when surpassing their term limit could inhibit
their eligibility in the future to receive other FSA loans once they have
sustained or expanded their operations. n67 The amendments focus particularly on
young farmers, as the bill will invest $ 444 million directly into beginning,
veteran, and socially disadvantaged farmer initiatives over the next ten years.
n68 The spending for the new bill represents a 154 percent increase over the
previous farm bill, which further supports the notion that Congress recognizes a
need to address the next generation of farmers. n69

   Overall, the new Farm Bill indicates Congress' commitment to steer
agricultural policy in the direction of sustainable agriculture for the future.
The most significant program of microloans features patient and flexible terms,
a more simplified application process, and smaller loan amounts, making them
ideal for initial start-up expenses for urban farms. This would typically
include annual expenses such as seed, fertilizer, utilities, and land rents. It
could also include marketing and distribution expenses, family living expenses,
purchase of livestock, equipment, and other materials essential to farm
operations, like essential tools, irrigation, and delivery vehicles. n70

[*328]

   C. The Numerous Amounts of Federal Grant Programs Provided by the USDA are
Largely Unavailing for Small-Scale Urban Farmers

 Though microloans could prove to be a very effective source of capital for
urban farmers, they are not for everyone. One particular issue with microloans
is that they "must be very focused in their funding goals, otherwise the
coordination costs may not be worth the effort for such small amounts of money."
n71 An alternative or additional source of capital is grant programs. Grant
programs are offered from a variety of different sources, many of which are
designed specifically to fund urban farm projects. However, as many urban farm
entrepreneurs believe some type of grant will finance at least a portion of
their farms, many come to realize the difficulties involved with securing a
grant. n72 Federal grant programs offer a number of different grants to farmers,
yet they are not a reliable source of capital for urban farms, as evidenced by
the fact that only about 18 percent of submitted proposals for the UDSA's
Community Food Projects Competitive Grants Program were awarded a grant in 2013.
n73

   Grants are nothing new to urban farmers as many rely heavily on grants for
funding. n74 The primary reason why federal grant programs are typically
ineffective for urban farm entrepreneurs is because the amount and timing of the
grants rely on a notoriously unpredictable and frustrating process. n75 The
difficulty and uncertainty involved with securing grants often leads to young
urban-farming entrepreneurs turning to simpler and quicker financing means, such
as credit cards. n76

   Nevertheless, there are some grants that, if awarded, may assist urban farms
in their financial goals. An example of a favorable federal grant program for
urban farmers is the Community Food Projects Competitive Grant Program (CFP).
n77 This program is designed to fund non-profit organizations for projects that
meet the food related needs of low-income people by expanding their communities'
capacities to provide sufficient amounts of food for its residents. n78 The CFP
also funds projects that create  [*329]  marketing activities to benefit both
agricultural producers and low-income consumers, as well as projects for
infrastructure improvement and development in order to meet local food and
agricultural needs. n79 Also, private non-profit organizations in collaboration
with local government are eligible to receive funding as well. n80 The type of
communities that the CFP grant program targets are the same communities likely
to have a significant urban agriculture practice - low-income communities with
weak infrastructures.

   1. Problems with Community Food Project (CFP)

 As CFP grants seem like an ideal loan for urban agriculture projects, it is
likely to be out of range for small-scale urban farmers in the beginning stages.
For instance, to be considered for a CFP grant, organizations must have
experience in either community food work, job training, or business development.
n81 A CFP grant also requires a dollar-for-dollar match of resources provided.
n82 Accordingly, young farmers are expected to secure their own sources of
funding as well. n83

   Furthermore, the CFP grant program receives $ 5 million a year in mandatory
funding. n84 This means that CFP grants may only fund non-profit organizations
in amounts anywhere from $ 10,000 to $ 300,000. n85 It would be impractical for
urban farmers to rely on such a competitive source for funds. Also,
entrepreneurs hoping to start an urban farm business usually require small
amounts of funding, much less than the minimum amount of a CFP grant. n86 While
the Agricultural Act of 2014 provided some modifications to the CFP grant
program, including increasing the mandatory funding to $ 9 million and a
two-year extension of the grant period, the changes will not take effect until
2015. n87 Consequently, many small-scale urban farmers are unlikely to meet the
demanding requirements of a CFP grant.

[*330]

   III. Detroit as a Case Study: Urban Farm Entrepreneurs Should Focus More on
Developing Plausible Business Plans Rather Than Focusing on Securing Capital

 After extensively researching different agricultural techniques, John Green
begins to calculate his potential expenses. John is planning to start a
mid-sized vegetable farm on a plot of land about a half-acre in size. He
anticipates his likely expenses to include: a rototiller, coolers, a seeder,
standard tools, harvesting bins, hoses, sales and marketing. n88 A rototiller is
a motorized plow used to cultivate the soil, costing roughly $ 4,500. n89 Two
produce coolers would cost around $ 4,000 and are necessary to store fresh
vegetables and prevent spoilage. n90 Standard tools and equipment would cost
around $ 1,000. n91 As for sales and marketing, John projects it will cost
approximately $ 500, which would likely include tables at a farmers market,
display baskets, a digital scale, among other items necessary to market and sell
products. n92 Accordingly, expenses total approximately $ 10,000, which is not a
trivial amount of money for someone with limited funds. If he were to apply for
a $ 10,000 FSA microloan and actually receive one, John wonders if he would be
able to pay back the loan within a year, let alone turn a profit. n93

   In recent years, Detroit has become the home of a growing network of urban
farms and gardens. n94 Urban agriculture is not a new concept to Detroit, as the
"community garden movement" in the United States originated in Detroit during
the depression of the 1890s. n95 The movement was the result of a relief program
established by then Detroit Mayor Hazen Pingree. Mayor Pingree's program donated
vacant land for community gardens in an effort to alleviate unemployment and
supplement the diets of Detroit residents. n96 Today, as Detroit faces
substantial socioeconomic issues, including bankruptcy, many champion the idea
of rehabilitating the  [*331]  city with urban agriculture. n97 Detroit has
become one of the most attractive destinations for many urban farm
entrepreneurs, largely due to the abundance of vacant land in the city. n98
Currently, there is almost fifty square miles of vacant land in Detroit, which
is the equivalent of a 30,000 acre farm. n99 There is a demand for
locally-produced food in Detroit communities; however, the struggle for food
entrepreneurs to secure capital is especially prevalent in Detroit, a problem
which has been further exacerbated by the city's bankruptcy. n100

   Despite increased spending by Congress aimed at expanding the practice of
organic and urban agriculture in America, it is still unclear whether urban
farms can survive as a business in the long run. n101 Part of the problem is
that the scarcity of capital has urban farm entrepreneurs focusing on money
causing them to overlook other pivotal steps to forming maintaining a business.
n102 Among the various business and financial-related obstacles preventing urban
farms from being successful businesses, there are two significant factors from
which many problems can be traced: (1) a lack of business experience and (2) a
lack of farming experience. While these two factors may seem broad in scope and
somewhat vague, it is still of paramount importance for any entrepreneur to
develop a plausible business strategy before starting a business, including one
centered around urban farming practices.

   A. Are FSA Microloans Reaching Urban Farmers?

 While statistics initially indicated a fairly successful start for the FSA
microloan program in its first year, they also show geographical, agricultural,
and demographical disparities. n103 For instance, a vast majority of states made
fewer than 100 microloans to farmers in their states. For example, Michigan made
less than 50 microloans in all of 2013. n104  [*332]  Furthermore, just six
states accounted for almost a third of all microloans issued in the entire
country: Mississippi, Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, West Virginia, and North
Carolina. n105 While this may signal that some states are finding more success
reaching out to farmers or training their FSA loan agents, it also suggests
microloans are not reaching urban farmers.

   The six states that issued the most microloans all lie in the Appalachian and
Southern region of the country and have an average farm size of 180 acres. n106
Although 180 acres is much smaller than the national average of 418 acres, n107
urban farms are rarely ever that large. n108 Also, with the exception of
Nashville, there are no major cities with significant urban agriculture
practices located in those top six states. n109 Perhaps it may be imprudent to
jump to conclusions as to the results of the FSA microloan program in its first
year, yet these statistics do suggest that urban farmers may not be benefitting
from FSA microloans as expected, even when the program was specifically designed
for such farms. n110 One prominent Detroit food advocate running a food
enterprise incubator believes many urban farm entrepreneurs hear about the
scarcity of capital in Detroit and think they need to get their hands on money
rather than focusing more attention on what they would need the money for or how
they will pay it back. n111 Instead a more thorough preparation in business
structure can lead to more financing options, since "funding opportunities
depend on both legal structure and chronological stage." n112

   One loan agent from a Farm Service Agency branch in Michigan believes one of
the biggest problems with urban farm entrepreneurs in  [*333]  Detroit is
agricultural inexperience. n113 The loan agent claims that the lack of farming
knowledge and experience affects the urban farmer's business plan, no matter how
business savvy he may be. n114 When farmers lack the knowledge about what it
takes to grow crops, they are more likely to miscalculate expenditures and less
likely to foresee potential risks. n115 For these reasons, among others, this
Michigan loan agent has yet to offer one microloan to any borrower after a year
of the program's establishment. Additionally, the loan agent maintains that
another reason he has not approved any microloans is that he does not know how
to access clientele. n116 Although some have inquired about microloans, many
Detroit urban-farm entrepreneurs are either unaware or uneducated about the
FSA's microloan program. n117

   Moreover, for the few that have inquired about loans and other available
funding, many lack adequate farming knowledge to demonstrate a plausible
business plan to FSA loan agents. n118 "Most [urban farmers in Detroit] have
great ideas, but lack the knowledge to put them into work." n119 For instance,
the current conventional wisdom of beginning urban farmers and potential
borrowers in Detroit is that machinery is required to produce crops before there
are even crops in the ground. n120 This type of thinking can lead to financial
ruin for urban farmers, as there are many crops that can be produced without
machinery. n121 With the right piece of land, there are many different crops
that urban farmers can grow for the price of seed, fertilizer, and a simple
shovel. n122 Such problems are directly related to business knowledge and
farming experience. Because FSA loan agents only require minimal information and
experience from first-time microloan borrowers, and because loans must be repaid
within twelve months, many  [*334]  farmers may lack enough production in one
year to be able to pay back their debts. n123

   B. Analyzing How Capital Would be Appropriated for Urban Farm Start-Up
Expenses Using Examples

 Take John Green for example. n124 John's crops would receive little return
value because production costs are especially high during an urban farmer's
first year. Also, if machinery is involved in the operation, it serves as
security to the loan along with the crops. n125 This means that if John's crops
fail in the first year, for whatever reason, he must still liquidate the
machinery to pay back the loan, which would be devastating to his business. As a
result, John should focus on growing inexpensive crops that give volume return,
such as lettuce, tomatoes, bell peppers, garlic, or squash. n126 Even if John's
farm yields a successful harvest in the first year, the total cost of production
listed above does not include operating expenses for things such as seeds,
transportation, and farmers market fees. Depending on a number of factors
including sales goals and labor costs, operating expenses could come to an
additional $ 5,000 to $ 10,000 in costs per year. n127 Consequently, if a
microloan were granted for around $ 10,000, John Green's primary goal would be
to sell enough crops to pay back the loan, before any thought of expanding
operations. n128

   To better understand the financial difficulties involved with starting an
urban farm, it is also necessary to evaluate actual results. In one study
examining whether urban farmers in both commercial and non-profit settings
earned a living, around 66 percent reported that they did not earn a living.
n129 For instance, the owners of Lily City Gardens, a three-quarter acre urban
vegetable farm in San Francisco, considered their salary to be "embarrassing"
after a year of production. n130 In Lily City Gardens' first year of production
and sales, it marketed its produce to restaurants,  [*335]  caterers, and the
public out of a farm stand. n131 The owners reported that their revenue from
that year allowed them to cover costs, set aside money for the next year, and to
pay themselves a salary of $ 10,000. n132 They acknowledged that they could not
sustain such a small salary for too long, and that it was not even considered a
living wage in San Francisco. n133

   C. Agricultural Act of 2014 Addressing Issues of Educating Urban Farmers in
Agricultural and Business Practices

 Congress did in fact address the issue of educating urban farmers with business
and agricultural practices in the recently enacted Agricultural Act of 2014. One
of the most significant provisions in the new Farm Bill involves educating
recipients of FSA microloans through a new intermediary lending pilot program.
n134 As mentioned above, it is important to provide financial education and
counseling to first-time borrowers as many tend to have limited business
experience. n135 This provision of the new Farm Bill, which is modeled after the
successful Intermediary Relending Program & Rural Microentrepreneur Assistance
Program, would allow the USDA and the FSA to work with intermediary lenders to
not only service microloans, but also to provide technical assistance to
borrowers and to assist in outreach and financial education to prospective
applicants. n136 In receiving such education, borrowers are likely to gain a
better understanding of how microloans operate and should be able to make more
competent business decisions as to how they appropriate their funds.

   The new Farm Bill also improves the way microloans are distributed. One
obstacle preventing FSA offices from making more microloans is the ability of
their already hard-pressed loan agents to service their existing loans, let
alone asking them to provide technical assistance and counseling to the
increasing number of first-time borrowers who would potentially be interested in
microloans. n137 As a result, a provision in the new Farm Bill gives the USDA
authority to partner with private, non-profit, and other public institutions in
order to utilize the expertise and assistance of institutions already engaged in
offering microloans, such as Non-Governmental Organizations, Community Financial
Institutions, and State Departments of Agriculture. n138 This provision should
streamline the  [*336]  microloan distribution process by providing FSA loan
agents with assistance to inform more prospective borrowers and supply better
service.

   On the other hand, some programs, which would have been beneficial to urban
farmers, were cut from the new Farm Bill. The Beginning Farmer and Rancher
Individual Development Account program was intended to assist beginner farmers
having only limited financial resources with obtaining sufficient capital for
their farm businesses. n139 The program was created in the last farm bill, but
never received enough funding. n140 The new Farm Bill also cut funding nearly in
half for the well-established Outreach and Assistance for Socially Disadvantaged
Farmer and Ranchers program, also known as the Section 2501 program, which has
been operating since the 1990s. n141 This program has helped many
underprivileged farmers, including minority farmers whose participation in
federal farm programs has historically been lower than other groups, gain access
to federal programs. n142 The Section 2501 program has also been successful in
creating valuable partnerships between the USDA and community based
organizations that work with socially disadvantaged farmers to assist them in
obtaining credit, conservation, and development programs. n143 This program
might have proved useful for urban farms.

   D. Non-Profit Organizations Provide a More Business-Oriented Approach

 In addition to the federal government, there are many public, private, and
non-profit organizations that provide a variety of services for urban farmers.
Some non-profit organizations have even established their own lending programs
designed to fit the needs of urban farms. n144 A distinct feature in many of
these organizations is their tendency to provide valuable business and
educational assistance to urban farm entrepreneurs. n145 Urban famers should
take advantage of such organizations, like Fair Food  [*337]  Network and
Greening of Detroit, which are committed to assisting food and farm
entrepreneurs in their business needs. n146

   The Fair Food Network is a Michigan-based non-profit organization "dedicated
to building a more just and sustainable national food system." n147 Its work
largely focuses on assisting food and farm entrepreneurs by strengthening
funding strategies, expanding networks, and sharing knowledge. n148 Fair Food
Network has also launched its own microloan program that can be tailored to
small-scale urban farming operations. n149 Fair Food Network's microloan program
features more flexible and patient terms, including adjustable interest rates
and loan durations that can adjust in accordance with a business's fluctuations.
n150 In addition, the loans do not require a history of strong profits, although
borrowers do have to have a credible business plan. n151 Above all, the Fair
Food Network's ability to bring local food entrepreneurs together could be
especially beneficial. Fair Food Network often organizes gatherings where local
urban agriculture entrepreneurs meet with investors with an interest in
supporting local food-related programs. n152

   Greening of Detroit is a non-profit resource agency, which maintains a
slightly different approach from Fair Food Network. n153 Greening of Detroit
focuses more on providing agricultural and environmental education to urban
farmers, and often partners with corporations, foundations, federal, state and
local agencies, including the USDA. n154 It has collaborated with several
schools to create garden-based curricula and it hosts an adult apprenticeship
education program," which provides "hands-on training in farming, agricultural
education, and building community relationships." n155 Furthermore, Greening of
Detroit provides technical assistance to urban farmers "in season extension
tools and solar passive greenhouse construction," while also providing garden
resources, such as "soil testing, tilling, raised bed construction and water
catchment systems to gardens across the city." n156 Assistance with such
resources can be extremely  [*338]  valuable to many urban farm entrepreneurs
with minimal farming experience in order to operate more efficiently and avoid
costly mistakes.

   While focusing on business strategy and financial planning can help
entrepreneurs successfully start their urban farm operations, it is still
unclear whether urban farmers can make a living and maintain their businesses in
the future. In order to explore this question, it is necessary to start with a
broad approach that considers the various ends pursued through urban agriculture
rather than discussions based on narrow analyses of empirical data. The
underlying motivations of urban agriculture are developing local food systems,
strengthening food security, reducing food waste, promoting nutritional food,
and expanding the economic base of cities, especially in underprivileged
communities. n157 Accordingly, the ethical and moral nature of these goals
suggests that urban agriculture is about much more than merely turning a profit.

   IV. Benefit Corporations: Innovative Policy Changes Involving a New Benefit
Corporation Structure are being Proposed in Many State Legislatures that could
Greatly Benefit Urban Farming Businesses

 Regardless of the ethical and moral goals, urban farms still face the same
issues all farms do, including the cost of land and farm debt. n158 While
profit-driven commercial farms may deal with these general farm pressures in
terms of economics and cost-efficiency, urban farms may face difficulties
dealing with these same issues because of their unique aspirations. For this
reason, a traditional for-profit business structure for an enterprise that
focuses on social and environmental goals as opposed to commercial ones may not
be viable. But what if urban farms wish to maintain their for-profit activities
in addition to their social and environmental benefits?

   Fortunately, this debate has sparked innovative policy changes in state
legislatures across the country. These policies attempt to address the unique
needs of for-profit, mission-driven businesses. In terms of legal status and
business structure, the binary federal system divides all business entities into
for-profit or non-profit status. n159 A new legal business status called
"benefit corporations" would allow businesses to work as a hybrid of  [*339]  a
non-profit and for-profit entity. n160 Benefit corporation laws have already
been enacted in twenty states so far, and have been introduced to another
sixteen state legislatures. n161 Benefit-corporation status could be an ideal
scenario for urban farm businesses.

   Benefit-corporation laws would formalize a new for-profit legal structure in
which directors would have to take social and environmental considerations into
account. n162 This is a deviation from the traditional for-profit model, which
requires directors to act in the best interests of the shareholders solely by
maximizing their investments. n163 With benefit corporations, "business leaders
would be less beholden to the pursuit of maximum returns, and can more easily
bolster sustainability without being accused of breaching their fiduciary duty
to shareholders." n164 Since many urban farmers may wish to make a living while
maintaining social and environmental benefits, they should be able to "receive
investments based on outcomes beyond pure finances." n165 For this reason, a
benefit corporation business structure for urban farms could foster better
relationships with investors. n166

   A. Benefit Corporation Legislation Introduced in Michigan

 In Michigan, House Bill 4615 and 4616 were proposed in 2011, both of which
would allow benefit corporation status for businesses in Michigan. n167 The main
features of these bills imposed fiduciary obligations on many of the corporate
officers and board members, requiring them to consider the social benefits of
their actions. n168 Businesses would also be  [*340]  protected from shareholder
lawsuits accusing business leaders of breaching their fiduciary duty if
businesses focus on social benefits rather than maximizing profits. n169
Furthermore, new businesses with benefit corporation status would be required to
file basic information with the state, as normal corporations do, while
reporting annually on their social and environmental progress and impact. n170

   Michigan's proposed benefit-corporation bill would be similar to the benefit
corporation law already enacted by Vermont in 2011. n171 Like most, Vermont's
benefit corporation law thoroughly addresses the issue of transparency in
companies claiming that they are "green." n172 This is done through an annual
report, as benefit corporations in Vermont are legally obligated to operate in
accordance with independent, third party standards, observed by a third party
entity known as B Corp. n173 These "Benefit Reports" describe the corporation's
"public benefit goals," what actions were "taken during the year to meet those
goals," and assessment of "social and environmental performance." n174 The
Benefit Report is prepared in accordance with the third party standards, which
gives shareholders the authority to approve or reject the report. n175

   B. Forming a Benefit Corporation in Vermont

 Forming a Vermont Benefit Corporation is similar to forming a traditional
for-profit corporation. First, Articles of Incorporation are drafted and filed
with the Secretary of State. n176 Then, just as traditional corporations are
required, incorporators of a benefit corporation "must decide whether the
business will be a closed or general corporation and further decide the
company's tax status." n177 These incorporators must also designate the fiscal
year, the number, and class of shares, and establish a Board of Directors. n178
Also, under the law, an existing business corporation may be changed to a
benefit corporation through amending its  [*341]  existing Articles of
Incorporation to add the statement: "this corporation is a benefit corporation."
n179 Furthermore, this law allows businesses to merge with an existing benefit
corporation. n180

   One of the most significant differences between a traditional for-profit
business and Vermont benefit corporations is their treatment of "corporate
purpose." n181 Under Vermont law, the purpose of a traditional corporation,
unless limited by its Articles of Incorporation, is to engage in any "lawful
business unless a more limited purpose is set forth in the articles of
incorporation." n182 In addition to these purposes, business corporations also
"have the purpose of creating general public benefit," which may also serve as a
limitation on other purposes of the corporation. n183 In Vermont, there are two
kinds of corporate purposes particular to business corporations: general public
benefit or specific public benefit. n184 Section 21.03(a)(4) defines a general
public benefit as "a material positive impact on society and the environment, as
measured by a third-party standard, through activities that promote some
combination of specific public benefits." n185 In other words, the purpose of a
benefit corporation is to engage in certain activities with the overall
objective of promoting greater social or environmental goals. n186 On the other
hand, § 21.03(a)(6) states that a specific public benefit includes:



   (A) providing low income or underserved individuals or communities with
beneficial products or services; (B) promoting individual or community economic
opportunities for individuals or communities beyond the creation of jobs in the
normal course of business; (C) preserving or improving the environment;
improving human health; (D) improving human health; (E) promoting the arts or
sciences or the advancement of knowledge; (F) increasing capital flow to other
public benefit entities with a public benefit purpose; and (G) the
accomplishment of any other identifiable benefit for society or the environment.
n187

 If an urban farm business could form under benefit-corporation status, its
goals would largely further specific public benefits. For instance, urban
[*342]  agriculture could improve human health by providing healthier foods,
improve the environment through the use of sustainable methods of farming, and
promote community economic opportunities through production of commodities. n188

   C. Concerns with Benefit Corporation Laws

 While benefit-corporation laws may be clever and innovative policy proposals
for a long-needed alternative legal status for businesses, there are still many
concerns with the idea. These concerns have caused benefit-corporation bills to
stall in many state legislatures, including Michigan. n189 For instance,
dissenters of the bill in Michigan fear that this new class of business status
may be used as a marketing tool to make other for-profit businesses look greedy.
n190 There are also concerns that other businesses will seek to model themselves
as a benefit corporation for reputational purposes when it may not be suited for
their type of business. n191

   Other concerns are founded on the third party certification organization
called "B Corp," whose purpose is to audit how socially or environmentally
beneficial a company's business practices are. n192 Some dissenters see this as
a conflict of interest. n193 The B Corp charges benefit corporations anywhere
from $ 500 to $ 25,000 for certification, depending on the business' annual
sales. n194 Such concerns have yet to appear in states with benefit corporation
laws, such as Vermont, however these laws are still new, and it is unclear
whether they could emerge in the future.

   V. Conclusion

 Prosperity is just around the corner for urban agriculture. While the idea of
self-sufficient "green cities" with plush gardens and sustainable farms filling
empty plots of land seem picturesque, it is also an ambitious endeavor. The
countless benefits of urban agriculture are well documented, from providing
healthier food choices to communities to supporting the local economies of
distressed cities. n195 However, as urban  [*343]  farmers work toward
environmental and social goals in addition to making a living, they must find a
way to fulfill these aspirations while maintaining stability in a market
economy. As John Green and other examples indicate, scarcity of capital has been
one of the most significant obstacles to financial feasibility. Urban farmers
are realizing that they can no longer rely on volunteer labor, grant funding,
and credit cards to sustain their businesses. Fortunately, Congress, state
legislatures, and many other food-related organizations are beginning to address
this concern. For this reason, urban farmers must take advantage of the many new
and innovative programs that provide access to new sources of capital, and
better education in agriculture and business practices.

   All signs are pointing towards a bright future for urban agriculture.
Congress is beginning to realize the importance of urban farming and sustainable
agriculture for our future, as demonstrated by their recent shifts in
agricultural policy. Also, more and more resources are made available for urban
farmers every day, whether they are from organizations like Fair Food Network,
or Greening Detroit. Valiant urban farm entrepreneurs are demonstrating that
with more focus on business structure and strategy, urban agriculture's vision
may not be so far off in the distance.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawDepository InstitutionsCommercial BanksReal Property
LawFinancingSecondary FinancingLien PrioritiesTax LawState & Local TaxesSales
TaxGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Urban Agriculture, Feasibility Study for Youngstown, OH, Opportunities for
Healthy Food Production, Local Jobs, and Ecological Restoration, Global Green 1
(June, 2012), available at
http://globalgreen.org/blogs/global/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/Youngstown-Urban-
Ag-Report-6.012- 4.pdf [hereinafter Youngstown].





n2.  See Tom Philpott, Urban Farms Don't Make Money - So What?, Grist (June 4,
2010), available at
http://grist.org/article/2010-06-03-on-the-promise-and-limits-of-urban-farms/.





n3.  Id.





n4.  Id.





n5.  Id. (quoting Sena Christian, A Growing Concern: Urban Farms Are Sprouting
up Across the United States. Can They Translate Popularity into Profitability?,
Earthisland.org (Summer 2010), available at
http://www.earthisland.org/journal/index.php/eij/article/a _growing_concern/.





n6.  Elise Hunter, Where is the Funding in Detroit's Farm-to-Fork Movement?,
Huffington Post (July, 23, 2013, 4:58 PM), available at
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/student-reporter/where-is-the-funding-in-
d_1_b_3639850.html.





n7.  See Melanie J. Duda, Growing in the D: Revising Current Laws to Promote a
Model of Sustainable City Agriculture, 89 U. Det. Mercy L. Rev. 181, 184 (2012)
(citing Kathryn A. Peters, Creating a Sustainable Urban Agriculture Revolution,
25 J. Envtl. & Litig. 203, 236 (2010); Olga Bonfiglio, Growing Green in Detroit,
Christian Sci. Monitor (Aug. 21, 2008), available at
http://www.csmonitor.com/The-Culture/Gardening/2008/0821/growing-green-in-
detroit).





n8.  Matthew V. Bradshaw, The Rise of Urban Agriculture: A Cautionary Tale - No
Rules, Big Problems, 4 Wm. & Mary Bus. L. Rev. 241, 254 (2013) (citing Katherine
Hessler & Tanith Balaban, Agriculture Animals and the Law, GPSolo, July/Aug.
2009, at 59).





n9.  Id. at 254 (citing USDA, Farmers Markets and Local Food Marketing,
Agricultural Marketing Service, http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/FARMERSMARKETS
(last updated Dec. 31, 2012)).





n10.  Jeffrey P. LeJava & Michael J. Goonan, Zoning and Land Use Planning, 41
Real Est. L.J. 216, 217 (2012) (citing USDA, Farms and Community,
http://www.afsic.nal.usda.gov/farms-and-community/urban-agriculture (last
updated Oct. 2, 2014)).





n11.  See U.S. Census Bureau, 2010 Census Urban and Rural Classification and
Urban Area Criteria, U.S. Dep't of Commerce,
http://www.census.gov/geo/reference/ua/urban-rural-2010.html (last visited Feb.
19, 2014) (follow "Urban, Urbanized Area, Urban Cluster, and Rural Population,
2010 and 2000: United States" hyperlink) (data from 2010 census).





n12.  See Cesar L. Escalante, Myra Clarisse R. Ferrer & Bingbing Wang, USDA
Microloans and Small Organic Farms: Filling a Lending Niche, 28 Choices no. 1,
2013, at 1, available at http://www.choicesmagazine.org/magazine/pdf/cmsarticle
_290.pdf.





n13.  See, e.g., How to Feed a City on Urban Organic Agriculture, Food Matters
(Nov. 23, 2010), available at
http://www.foodmatters.tv/articles-1/how-to-feed-a-city-on-urban-organic-agricul
ture (discussing how principles of organic farming play a pivotal role in
start-up and functioning of urban agriculture in Cuba).





n14.  Organic Trade Ass'n, U.S. Organic Industry Overview, OTA.com (2011),
available at www.ota.com/pics/documents/2011OrganicIndustrySurvey.pd f; Barbara
Haumann, Seventy-eight Percent of U.S. Families Say They Purchase Organic Foods,
Organic Newsroom (Nov. 2, 2011),
http://www.organicnewsroom.com/2011/11/seventyeight_p ercent_of_us_fam.html.





n15.  Escalante et al., supra 12, at 2.





n16.  Id. at 1.





n17.  Id. at 2.





n18.  Id. at 1-2.





n19.  Id. at 2.





n20.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n21.  See id; see also, Lisa Ganguzza, Can Urban Farmers Make a Living?, Edible
Manhattan (Nov. 25, 2013),
http://www.ediblemanhattan.com/foodshed-2/producers/farms-foodshed/can-urban-far
mers-make-living/.





n22.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n23.  See id.





n24.  Escalante et al., supra note 12, at 2-3.





n25.  Id. at 2 (referencing Susan Cocciarelli, Dorothy Suput, & Ray Boshara,
Financing Farming in the U.S.: Opportunities to Improve the Financial and
Business Environment for Small and Midsized Farms Through Strategic Financing,
The W.K. Kellogg Foundation Food and Community Program (Jul. 2010), available at
http://solari.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2010/08/final_july_2010_
220883625-1-1-3.pdf.





n26.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n27.  Id.





n28.  Id.





n29.  Id.





n30.  Id.





n31.  See generally USDA, Your Guide to FSA Farm Loans, Farm Service Agency
(June, 2012), available at http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/fsa&us
core;br_01_web_booklet.pdf.





n32.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n33.  Id.





n34.  See generally USDA, Fact Sheet: Loans for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers,
Farm Service Agency (Oct. 2013) available at
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/Internet/FSA_File/beginn ingloansoct13.pdf [hereinafter
Loans for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers].





n35.  Id.





n36.  Id.





n37.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n38.  Id.





n39.  USDA, Fact Sheet: Microloans, Farm Service Agency (August, 2013),
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/newsReleases?area=newsroom&
subject=landing&topic=pfs&newstype=prfactsheet&type=
detail&item=pf_20130820_farln_en _microln.html [hereinafter Microloans].





n40.  See generally H.R. 6083, 112th Cong. (2d Sess. 2012).





n41.  Escalante et al., supra note 12, at 1.





n42.  Id. (citing James C. Brau & Gary M. Woller, Mircofinance: A Comprehensive
Review of the Existing Literature, 9 J. Entrepreneurial Fin. & Bus. Ventures 1,
2 (2004)).





n43.  See id.





n44.  Id. (citing Jonathan Murdoch, The Microfinance Schism, 28 World Dev., 617,
620 (2000)).





n45.  Id. (citing Barbara Kiviat, Can Microfinance Make it in America?, Time.com
(Jan. 11, 2010), available at
http://www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,91717,19509 49,00.html); see also
Microloans, supra note 39.





n46.  Microloans, supra note 39.





n47.  Loans for Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, supra note 34.





n48.  Microloans, supra note 39.





n49.  Microloans Now Available for Young and Beginning Farmers, National
Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (Jan. 17, 2013), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/usda-microloan-program/.





n50.  Id.





n51.  Id.





n52.  Sophie Ackoff, NYFC Applauds Farm Service Agency's New Microloan Program,
National Young Farmers Coalition (Jan. 17, 2013), available at
http://www.youngfarmers.org/credit/farm-service-agency/.





n53.  Id.





n54.  Id.





n55.  Id.





n56.  Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, National
Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (Nov. 25, 2013), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/microloan-fy13-data-analysis/
[hereinafter Reaching Farmers].





n57.  Id.





n58.  Id.





n59.  Id.





n60.  Id.





n61.  See generally Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, 128 Stat. 649
(2014).





n62.  What is in the 2014 Farm Bill For Sustainable Farms and Food Systems?,
National Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (Jan. 31, 2014), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-farm-bill-outcomes/ [hereinafter
2014 Farm Bill For Sustainable].





n63.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
National Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (Feb. 5, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-drilldown-bfr-sda/.





n64.  Id.





n65.  S. Rep. No. 110-220, at 12 (2007).





n66.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
supra note 64 (This term limit exemption also applies when microloans are made
to veteran farmers.).





n67.  See id.





n68.  Id.





n69.  Id.





n70.  USDA, supra note 39.





n71.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n72.  See id.





n73.  See Community Food Projects Competitive Grants Program, National
Sustainable Agricultural Coalition,
http://sustainableagriculture.net/publications/grassroot
sguide/local-food-systems-rural-development/community-food-project-grants/ (last
visited Feb. 5, 2014).





n74.  Philpott, supra note 2 (citing Christian, supra note 5).





n75.  See Guide to USDA Funding for Local and Regional Food Systems, National
Sustainable Agriculture Coalition 1, 6 (April 2010), available at
http://foodshedguide.org/uploads/NSAC_FoodSystem
sFundingGuide_FirstEdition_4_2010.pdf.





n76.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n77.  See Community Food Projects Competitive Grants Program, supra note 74.





n78.  See id.





n79.  Id.





n80.  Id.





n81.  Id.





n82.  Id.





n83.  See id.





n84.  Id.





n85.  Id.





n86.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n87.  Community Food Projects Grant Program Funding Available for FY 2014,
National Sustainable Agricultural Coalition (March 3, 2014), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/cfp-2014-funding-available/.





n88.  An Overview of Urban Farming, Green For All 1, 4 (2009), available at
http://greenforall.org/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/Urban-Farming-Overvi
ew-For- Web.pdf.





n89.  Id.





n90.  Id.





n91.  Id.





n92.  Id.





n93.  See supra note 125.





n94.  Duda, supra note 7, at 184 (citing Bonfiglio, supra note 7).





n95.  Nina Ignaczak, No Stranger to Urban Agriculture, Detroit Makes it Official
with New Zoning Ordinance, Seedstock (April 9, 2013), available at
http://seedstock.com/2013/04/09/no-stranger-to-urban-agriculture-detroit-makes-i
t-official-with-new-zoning- ordinance/.





n96.  Id.





n97.  See Jane C. Timm, Urban Farming Takes hold in Blighted Motor City,
MSNBC.com (Sept. 10, 2013, 12:01 AM), available at
http://www.msnbc.com/morning-joe/urban-farming-takes-hold-blighted-motor.





n98.  See John E. Mogk et al., Promoting Urban Agriculture As an Alternative
Land Use for Vacant Properties in the City of Detroit: Benefits, Problems and
Proposals for a Regulatory Framework for Successful Land Use Integration, 56
Wayne L. Rev. 1521, 1523 (2010) (citing John Gallagher, Detroit's fight against
vacant land gets tougher, Detroit Free Press, Sept. 29, 2009 at A1); see also
Suzette Hackney, State of the City to highlight demolition plans, Detroit Free
Press, Mar. 21, 2010 at A7.





n99.  Id. at 1529.





n100.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n101.  What is in the 2014 Farm Bill for Sustainable Farms and Food Systems?,
supra note 63.





n102.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n103.  Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, supra note 57.





n104.  Id.





n105.  Id.





n106.  Id.





n107.  Id.





n108.  See, e.g., Mindy Goldstein et al., Urban Agriculture: A Sixteen City
Survey of Urban Agriculture Practices Across the Country, Georgia Organics
(2011), available at
http://georgiaorganics.org/wp-content/themes/GeorgiaOrganics/Downloads/SiteMoveO
ver/urbana greport.pdf (This survey provides a detailed report on the zoning
ordinances of 16 major U.S. cities with significant urban agriculture practices
and how they have incorporated urban agriculture into their land use plans. The
cities included in the survey are Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago,
Cleveland, Denver, Detroit, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, Nashville, New York,
Philadelphia, Portland, San Francisco, Seattle, and Washington D.C.);
Youngstown, supra note 1.





n109.  Compare Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, supra
note 57, with Goldstein, supra note 110, at 34-36.





n110.  See generally Microloans, supra note 39.





n111.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n112.  Id.





n113.  Interview with Michael Jordan, Loan Agent, Farm Service Agency (Feb. 19,
2014) (discussing the issues with urban farm entrepreneurs applying FSA
microloans in Detroit).





n114.  Id.





n115.  Id.





n116.  Id.





n117.  Id.





n118.  Id.





n119.  Id.





n120.  Id.





n121.  See David F. Ashton, Urban farmer rides bike, not tractor, East PDX News,
http://eastpdxnews.com/general-news-features/urban-farmer-rides-bike-not-tractor
/ (last visited March 4, 2014).





n122.  Interview with Michael Jordan, supra note 115 (This was one of the
examples used by the Michigan loan agent to explain why few microloans have been
made to urban farmers in Detroit. The loan agent pointed out that a majority of
urban farmers in Detroit inquiring about microloans believed they required
machinery for crops that could be produced by traditional farming techniques for
the price of a shovel, seed, fertilizer, and able bodies.).





n123.  See id.; Microloans, supra note 39.





n124.  See supra text accompanying notes 90-95.





n125.  Interview with Michael Jordan, supra note 115.





n126.  Greg Seaman, Top 6 Most Cost-effective Vegetables to Grow, eartheasy
(Jan. 19, 2011), available at
http://eartheasy.com/blog/2011/01/top-6-most-cost-effective-vegetables-to-grow/.





n127.  An Overview of Urban Farming, supra note 90, at 4.





n128.  See Jeff Caldwell, Amendment Targets Loans for Young Farmers,
Agriculture.com (May 31, 2013, 11:46 AM), available at
http://www.agriculture.com/news/policy/amendment-targets-los-f-young-farmers_4-a
r31798; Agriculture Reform, Food, and Jobs Act of 2013, Microloan Authorization
Senate Amendment 986, 113th Congress.





n129.  Ganguzza, supra note 21.





n130.  Eli Zigas, Making a Living as an Urban Farmer, Spur (Feb. 22, 2012),
available at http://www.spur.org/blog/2012-02-22/making-living-urban-farmer.





n131.  Id.





n132.  Id.





n133.  Id.





n134.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
supra note 64.





n135.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n136.  Are USDA Microloans Reaching Farmers Across the Country?, supra note 57.





n137.  Id.





n138.  Id.





n139.  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
supra note 64.





n140.  Id.





n141.  Id.





n142.  Id.





n143.  Id.





n144.  See, e.g., What We Do, Fair Food Network,
http://www.fairfoodnetwork.org/what-we-do (last visited Jan. 2, 2015); Who We
Are, Greening of Detroit, http://greeningofdetroit.com/who-we-are/ (last visited
Jan. 2, 2015).





n145.  See, e.g., Financing + Business Assistance, Fair Food Network,
http://www.fairfoodnetwork.org/fairfoodfund/financing-business-assistance (last
visited Oct. 10, 2014) (offering "boot camps" and business consulting to food
entrepreneurs); Urban Agriculture, Greening of Detroit,
http://greeningofdetroit.com/what-we-do/urban-agriculture/ (last visited Oct.
10, 2014) (offering technical assistance and an adult apprenticeship education
program in farming and agriculture).





n146.  See What We Do, supra note 146; Urban Agriculture, supra note 146.





n147.  What We Do, supra note 146.





n148.  Id.





n149.  See Hunter, supra note 6.





n150.  Id.; What We Do, supra note 146.





n151.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n152.  See, e.g., Community Food Leaders Convening, Building Capacity for Future
Leadership, Greening of Detroit,
http://www.fairfoodnetwork.org/what-we-do/projects/community-food-leaders-conven
ing (last visited Jan. 1, 2015).





n153.  Who We Are, supra note 146.





n154.  Id.





n155.  Id.





n156.  Urban Agriculture, supra note 146.





n157.  Ganguzza, supra note 21.





n158.  See id. (citing Carolyn Dimitri, Assoc. Professor of Food Studies, New
York Univ., New York Univ. Library Salon on Urban Agriculture: Sowing Seeds,
Sowing Money (November 21, 2013)).





n159.  See William H. Clark Jr. et al., The Need and Rationale for the Benefit
Corporation: Why it is the Legal Form that Best Addresses the Needs of Social
Entrepreneurs, Investors, and Ultimately, the Public, Benefitcorp.net (Nov. 16,
2011), available at http://benefitcorp.net/storage/Benefit_Corp_
vs_Traditional_Corporations.pdf.





n160.  See B Lab, Maryland First State in Union to Pass Benefit Corporation
Legislation, Press Release, CRSwire (Apr. 14, 2010, 10:57 AM), available at
http://www.csrwire.com/press_releases/29332-Maryland-First-State-in-Union-to-Pas
s-Benefit-Corporation- Legislation (describing that in 2010, "Maryland Governor
Martin O'Malley signed into law the nation's first legislation creating Benefit
Corporations, a new class of corporations required to create benefit for society
as well as shareholders."); see also Hunter, supra note 6 (discussing some of
the "for-profit" and "non-profit" aspects of a proposed Michigan benefit
corporation law).





n161.  See State by State Legislative Status, Benefit Corporation,
http://benefitcorp.net/state-by-state-legislative-status (last visited Oct. 15,
2014) (providing that the current status of benefit corporation legislation in
every state).





n162.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n163.  See, e.g., Dodge v. Ford Motor Co., 170 N.W. 668, 684 (Mich. 1919)
(articulating notion that the purpose of a business corporation is creating
financial gain for its shareholders); Clark Jr. et al., supra note 160.





n164.  Hunter, supra note 6.





n165.  Id.





n166.  See id.





n167.  H.R. 4615, 96th Leg., Reg. Sess. (Mich. 2011); H.R. 4616, 96th Leg., Reg.
Sess. (Mich. 2011).





n168.  H.R. 4616 (Mich. 2011).





n169.  Id.





n170.  Id.





n171.  Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A,§§21.01-14 (West 2012).





n172.  Robert Brazil, Vermont's Newest Business Entity: The "B Corporation,"
Vtlegalhelp.com (August 19, 2011), available at
http://vtlegalhelp.com/vermont%E2%80%99s-newest-business-entity-the-%E2%80%9Cb-
corporation%E2%80%9D/.





n173.  See id.





n174.  Id.





n175.  Id.





n176.  Vermont Benefit Corporation How-To-Guide: Incorporating as a Benefit
Corporation Step-by-Step, B-Lab (Oct. 2013), available at
http://benefitcorp.net/storage/documents/Vermont_Benefit_Corp_
How-To_Guide_.pdf.





n177.  Brazil, supra note 173.





n178.  Id.





n179.  Id.; Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, § 21.03(a)(1) (West 2012) (defining
"benefit corporation" as "a corporation ... whose articles of incorporation
include the statement "This corporation is a benefit corporation'").





n180.  Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, at § 21.06.





n181.  Brazil, supra, note 173.





n182.  Id.; Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, § 3.01(a).





n183.  Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, § 21.08.





n184.  See id.





n185.  Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 11A, § 21.03(a)(4) (West 2012). <Comment Text>





n186.  1. Brazil, supra note 173.





n187.  Id. at § 21.03(a)(6).





n188.  Ganguzza, supra note 21.





n189.  Melissa Ip, Why the Benefit Corporation Bill is Being Held Back, Social
Enterprise Buzz (June 6, 2012), available at
http://www.socialenterprisebuzz.com/2012/06/06/why-the-benefit-corporation-bill-
is-being-held-back/.





n190.  Id.





n191.  Id.





n192.  Id.





n193.  Id.





n194.  Id.





n195.  See, e.g., Sheila Golden, Urban Agriculture Impacts Literature Review,
Agricultural Sustainability Institute at UC Davis (November 13, 2013), available
at http://asi.ucdavis.edu/resources/publications/UA%20Lit%
20Review%20Golden%20Reduced%2011-15.pdf (compiling sources, author states that
"urban agriculture has been a successful strategy for improving food access in
secure areas"); Youngstown, supra note 1, at 14 (explaining the economic
benefits of the Growing Home Urban Farm in Chicago, Illinois. The farm sells
crops at local farmers' markets and restaurants, employs 48 people, and has a
budget of over $ 1.1 million).


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Albany Herald (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 15, 2016 Monday

Nation's farmers markets offer healthy food alternatives for poor

BYLINE: The Albany Herald, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 574 words


Aug. 15--ATLANTA -- Farmers markets and farm stands in Georgia and across
America are helping low-income consumers gain access to healthy fresh fruits and
vegetables, as an increasing number of farmers markets are being authorized to
redeem Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits, according to
Agriculture Food, Nutrition and Consumer Services' Under Secretary Kevin
Concannon, who offered comments last week during National Farmers Market Week.

"Expanding access to the wonderful array of fresh produce and other farm-fresh
products available at America's farmers markets and farm stands is a top USDA
priority," Concannon said. "It's a key part of our efforts to improve the diet
and health of all Americans -- in particular, those participating in the
nation's nutrition assistance programs. It also helps support local and regional
food systems."

Since 2008, the number of SNAP-authorized national farmers markets and direct
marketing farmers has grown dramatically, to more than 7,000 -- surpassing nine
times the number that were around when the Obama Administration took office. In
Georgia alone, there are 272 SNAP-authorized farmers markets and direct
marketing farm outlets.

"Farmers markets and direct marketing farmers are a lifeline to healthy
nutrition in low-income areas, because many of these outlets operate in
neighborhoods with few -- if any -- supermarkets or grocery stores," Concannon
said.

SNAP redemptions at those nationwide outlets totaled about $19.4 million last
year, an increase of 600 percent over 2008. In Georgia, SNAP redemptions at
farmers markets and direct marketing farms grew from $49,400 in 2008 to more
than $434,700 last year, providing an economic boost to the community.

In a recent USDA study, almost 80 percent of farmers market shoppers mentioned
access to high-quality fruits and vegetables as the reason for shopping at one
of the outlets. Recently, USDA's Center for Nutrition Policy and Promotion added
to the charge by launching MyPlate, MyState -- encouraging families to learn
more about healthy foods grown and produced in their state. National Farmers
Market Week put MyPlate, MyState into motion by connecting American families
with locally produced, healthy foods from their community.

SNAP is one of 15 nutrition assistance programs designed to work together to
comprise an American nutrition safety net, including WIC Farmers' Market
Nutrition Program and Senior Farmers' Market Nutrition Program. Those programs
also help provide access to healthy local food available at farmers markets.
USDA nutrition assistance programs touch the lives of one in four Americans each
year.

For more information, including a list of SNAP-authorized markets, visit:
http://www.fns.usda.gov/ebt/snap-and-farmers-markets online. For a nationwide
list of farmers markets, visit:
https://www.ams.usda.gov/local-food-directories/farmersmarkets.

USDA's support for farmers markets and commitment to increasing access to
healthy foods contribute to USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative,
which coordinates the Department's work to develop strong local and regional
food systems. During the seven-plus years of the Obama Administration, USDA has
invested close to $1 billion in 40,000 local food-related projects on farms and
in communities across the country.

___ (c)2016 The Albany Herald, Ga. Visit The Albany Herald, Ga. at
www.albanyherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160815-1AH-Nation-s-farmers-markets
-offer-healthy-food-alternatives-for-poor-0815-20160815

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AH


                        Copyright 2016 The Albany Herald


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        New Straits Times (Malaysia)-TT

                                October 27, 1999

Grand launch of carnival

BYLINE: By Zalina Mohd Som

SECTION: Trade news; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 430 words


THE millennium's last Shopping Carnival was launched in grand style at
Kuala Lumpur International Airport at Sepang, making it a unique and
classy sales carnival.

Unique because it was hold at an airport, not at shopping complexes like
in previous years. This has "registered" the airport as a shopping
destination as it is a huge duty free shopping centre.

The carnival was also launched at various States to spark a nationwide
shopping epidemic.

In Johor, the Johor Shopping Carnival 99 is being celebrated on a big
scale with at least 60 entertainment outlets participating for the first
time in the State's annual tourism event. In the past, the carnival was
associated with cultural shows, shopping sprees, food, hotel and travel
fairs.

It was officially opened by Menteri Besar Datuk Abdul Ghani Othman at
the Giant Hypermarket in conjunction with the launch of midnight sales, a
trademark of the carnival. Other carnival attraction was the "Shop and
Hunt 99", a treasure hunt-like event.

In Pahang, the sales carnival is featuring programmes like agricultural
product promotions and sales, a "kopi tarik" competition, special farmers
market, tourist farmers market and performances by local artistes.

Up north, Penang the shopping carnival was launched by Chief Minister
Tan Sri Dr Koh Tsu Koon at the newly-opened Lebuh Campbell pedestrian
mall.

More than 500 people braved the drizzle in the evening to attend the
event to promote Penang as a "shoppers' paradise".

The month-long carnival has a a colourful programme lined up along with
cultural shows and special offers for shoppers.

In Sarawak, this year's carnival chose Miri to host the launch the
Malaysian Shopping Carnival 99, mainly to attract visitors from Brunei.

Tourism Minister Datuk Dr James Masing said based on previous
experience, "big spenders" from Brunei would visit the carnival. Some
39,000 Bruneians visited Miri during last year's carnival.

Sarawak's Shopping Carnival, which is into its third year, has some 81
traders from Miri and 39 from Kuching participating.

The neighbouring Sabah Shopping Carnival has five major shopping
complexes offering discounts of up to 70 per cent. Also participating are
hotels, car rental companies and travel agents offering steep discounts to
tourists.

Side activities, including a procession of high-powered motorcycles,
Volkswagons, mini-Austins and four-wheel drives were held on the opening
day.

The carnival was launched by State Minister fo Community Development and
Consumer Affairs Datuk Raymond Tan.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture - Household Fair at Lifestyle Stores at the Mall in Kuala
Lumpur.

            Copyright 1999 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Medway Messenger (Friday)

                                  May 17, 2013

Support your local market stalls

LENGTH: 225  words


SHOPPERS in Medway are being encouraged to go to their local market as part of a
nationwide campaign to support traders.

The Love Your Market two-week promotion, which started on Wednesday, is
encouraging customers to go to markets and pick up a bargain. Over the years
Medway Council, which runs the two markets in Strood and Gillingham and the
monthly farmers' market in Rochester, has introduced a number of initiatives,
including discounts on stall hire.

Among those who took these up are Orla Harper who started a children's clothing
business at both markets after being made redundant.

Orla said: "I love dealing with customers and it's always a great atmosphere,
even when the weather isn't so good."

There are about 70 stallholders registered in Gillingham, a further 50 at Strood
and there are up to 20 stalls at the farmers' market.

Cllr Jane Chitty, who is in charge of economic growth, said: "We have two
bustling street markets here and a fantastic farmers' market, which each add
colour and vibrancy to our town centres."

Strood market is held every Tuesday and Saturday between 9am and 3pm behind the
High Street and Commercial Road car park.

Gillingham's is on Monday and Saturday between 9am 4.30pm along the High Street.

Rochester farmers' market is on the third Sunday of every month between 9am and
1pm at the car park in Corporation Street.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Kent Messenger Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Swindon Advertiser

                            December 10, 2012 Monday

Farmers' market at the park and ride?

SECTION: SWINDON NEWS (SWINDON NEWS)

LENGTH: 371 words


A BUSINESSMAN is hoping to turn a derelict park and ride site into a market to
promote local producers.

Russell Stevens, of Blunsdon St Andrew, has contacted council leader Rod Bluh
with a proposal to turn the Groundwell Park and Ride into a business market.

The site was mothballed in 2009 because Swindon Council said it was too
expensive and under-used.

It is not the first time someone has come forward with an idea for the site.

In July 2011, Glynis Hales, 56, of Penhill , put forward the idea of turning it
into a dog park.

The proposal from Mr Stevens, who works as an independent consultant to traders,
is to use the site for regular farmers' markets combined with an opportunity for
small businesses to promote their products and services.

The site would be rented by Mr Stevens, and a possible consortium with
experience of farmer's markets, from the council.

He said: "Market days would provide the council with much-needed additional
revenue. The opportunity would enable us to reach out into the surrounding areas
to enable agricultural businesses to promote their produce.

"It is a ready-made site with so much parking already there and good access, you
could easily have a site with 60 per cent parking and 40 per cent market.

"The potential for the project is underlined by the success achieved by the
farmers' market in Cirencester and many other locations across the south west.

"At the moment the biggest hurdle is arranging a deal with the council that
could work for both parties.

"I drive past that site when I'm on the way to the station or going into town
and it is sad to see such a big space being left in such a state and something
needs to be done. Rather than just leave this site abandoned and at the mercy of
vandals, lets make the most of a great resource."

Coun Bluh said the council was looking into the proposal and something did need
to be done with the derelict site. "It is with our property department at the
moment and they are progressing with it and should be in contact with Mr Stevens
shortly," he said. "Clearly that site is not much use to anybody at the moment
and it does need to be looked at what we can do with it. This proposal seems to
have merit and it will be taken into consideration."

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Community calendar;
Deming Moose activities

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 291 words


The Deming Loyal Order of Moose 2088 will host DJ ATM from 8 p.m. to midnight on
Friday at 119 N. Gold St.

The Moose Lodge has the NFL Ticket. Come and enjoy your favorite team and eat
free popcorn during your game. We have 9-ball at 2 p.m. every Sunday.

Farmers Market Fall Promotion

The Deming MainStreet Farmers Market still is going strong and planning a few
exciting Saturdays starting with Saturday, Oct. 31 - Halloween. Free candy for
everyone - young or old alike. Each vendor will have lots of candy to give to
everyone. Kids need to be with an adult. No purchases necessary. Kid and adult
costumes strongly encouraged.

There will also be a turkey raffle on Nov. 14, at no cost to you. For each $1
you spend, you'll get a coupon for the raffle. Three turkeys will be given away,
and the more you spend, the better your chances of winning.

Stop by and enjoy your market from 8 a.m. to noon every Saturday at the corner
of Spruce and Copper streets.

There is always plenty of room for new vendors. Just stop and fill out an
application at the market site.

TOPS meets on Monday

Take Off Pounds Sensibly 0411 meets at 10 a.m, on Monday at the First Baptist
Church located at 206 W. Pine St. Weigh-in is at 9:15 a.m., and 10 members
checked in last week.

Sherry was the best loser for the week. Diana presented a program, discussing
two books: "Restaurant Calorie Counter for Dummies" and "The Living Heart."

Our challenge for the week is to have a no gain week.

Mary Kay won the 50/50 drawing and the Hot Stuff drawing was held over.

TOPS is dedicated to providing support for anyone wanting to lose weight in a
healthy and steady manner. Visitors are always welcome. Come and see what TOPS
can do for you. For more information, call Carol at 585-694-3713.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            July 30, 2008 Wednesday

In the area: Meetings and events in Silver City

BYLINE: Sun-News reports

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 406 words


Moms to get prizes at Farmers Market

Breastfeeding mothers and their babies have will receive Farmers Market dollars
and other prizes at the Mom and Baby Nursing Station at Saturday's Farmer's
Market from 8:30 a.m. until noon at Main Street Plaza, complements of the
Southwest New Mexico Breastfeeding Council.

Council coordinator Beverly Allen-Ananins said the incentives are to encourage
breastfeeding mothers and remind the community of new laws that support
breastfeeding in public and at work.

"We want mothers to know they have the support in New Mexico for insuring their
child has a healthy start by choosing to breastfeed," says Allen-Ananins.

The nursing station is part of the celebration of Worldwide Breastfeeding Week,
and the booth will offer information and resources for breastfeeding mothers and
those interested in breastfeeding their future children, including information
for employers on the new breast pumping law.

The council will be awarding community breastfeeding promotion awards at 10 a.m.
to Gila Regional Medical Center, Cellular Connection and Dr. Maria Trillo.

For more information, call the council at (575) 388-1198 ext. 10. The Mom and
Baby Nursing Station is sponsored by the Southwest New Mexico Breastfeeding
Council and a grant from Lovelace.

Fiber Arts Center open for shows

The Fiber Arts Center, located at 211 D N. Texas St. in Silver City, is
available for rent to artists for shows.

The Fiber Arts Center is operated by the Southwest Women's Fiber Arts Collective
for teaching fiber art classes, outreach programs and business classes.

The facility is in the heart of the Texas/Yankee art district and has wonderful
wall space to hang artwork. If you are interested in renting the space, contact
Charmeine at (575) 538-5733 or by e-mail at charmeinew@fiberartscollective.org .

The Southwest Women's Fiber Arts Collective is a non-profit organization that
promotes cottage industry as economic development, provides outreach programming
to area youth and adults, classes and workshops and business skill development.

Emergency group planns meeting

The Grant County Local Emergency Planning Committee will meet meet at 3:30 p.m.
on Aug. 6 at the Grant County Administration Center, 1400 Highway 180 East.

John McGee of Freeport McMoRan and Alan Berg of Azurite will be giving a
presentation on chemical preparedness and response.

For more information, contact Heidi Sexton at (575) 388-1004 or (575) 538-1666.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2008 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

Farmers market gets $93,000 federal grant for Civic Center project

BYLINE: By Nels Johnson njohnson@marinij.com @nelsjohnsonnews on Twitter

SECTION: MARIN; News

LENGTH: 471 words


Plans to convert a dirt parking lot at the Marin Civic Center into a permanent
home for the county farmers market got a $93,000 boost this week from a federal
grant that Rep. Jared Huffman helped corral.

The San Rafael Democrat said a farmers market promotion program run by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture will provide $92,960 to the Agriculture Institute of
Marin for planning and other pre-development work required by plans to turn the
"Christmas tree" parking lot into a home for the farmers market.

"This USDA grant is an important step in helping AIM complete the project,"
Huffman said in a statement hailing the grant, adding he urged federal approval
in a letter to agricultural officials in June. Huffman told grantmakers the
Marin project was destined to become an innovative national model of a
public-private partnership between the county and an established nonprofit that
took root 32 years ago.

The congressman said a permanent market site will rally the community, ease
availability of fresh regional food and boost jobs.

Brigitte Moran, head of the agriculture institute, was jubilant.

The grant will help the institute "ensure a future for local and regional
small-scale farms, bring about greater community health, and make local
farm-fresh healthy food and education more readily accessible to people of all
ages and economic abilities," according to Moran. She noted other donors are
needed in order to "help make a permanent farmers market and education center a
reality."

She called the grant a vote of confidence from the USDA and a "great way to kick
off our campaign" aimed at getting 100 people to donate $10,000 each to become
members of a farmers market "founders club." Those interested may call 472-6100
or check out agriculturalinstitute.org .

Supervisor Steve Kinsey was pleased as well, saying, "What a strong first step
in the fundraising effort needed to turn a dream into a reality."

In June, 81 percent of those voting supported plans for building market stalls,
a covered canopy, plaza and a building for restaurant, butcher, retail sales and
staff office space, on the Civic Center lot that for years has been used for the
sale of holiday trees. The complex would be designed in accord with plans for
pedestrian, roadway, train, landscaping and related improvements planned for the
northern entrance to the Civic Center campus.

The agricultural institute, which operates the market and a half dozen others
across the Bay Area with a staff of 20, has pledged up to $1 million for the
project, while agreeing to lease the site from the county for $150,000 a year.
The county will provide $1 million to pave the lot.

There has been no estimate of an overall tab for the improvement or public
discussion of the institute's business plan, but top county officials are
certain the program makes sense.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2014 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                              May 16, 2006 Tuesday
                                 FINAL Edition

High fuel prices, new opportunities;
Mainers look for ways to generate business from the problem that's affecting
most budgets.

BYLINE: EDWARD D. MURPHY Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 894 words


From bicycle shops trying to sell commuters on the idea of leaving the car at
home to inns offering discounts to drive-in tourists, marketing officials are
looking for ways to generate business from the problem that's crimping most
household budgets these days - high fuel costs.

Anne Smith, marketing director at the Cumberland Farmers' Market, said buying
produce at a farmers' market not only helps local growers and preserves
farmland, it helps reduce fuel consumption by lessening the need to truck fruits
and vegetables hundreds of miles to grocery stores. And that can keep gas prices
- currently nudging $3 a gallon - down by lowering demand.

"It's so environmentally healthy - and healthy in every way," Smith said. The
Cumberland Farmers' Market is spreading that idea through word-of-mouth
marketing.

The farmers' market's low-key approach to promoting itself as a way to help keep
energy prices down is an example of what is likely to be a wave of efforts to
carve out opportunities from the high price of gasoline.

Jeanne Munger, an assistant professor of marketing at the University of Southern
Maine, said the marketing efforts play off a common and effective strategy: When
something requires a sacrifice - or takes a bite out of the wallet - offer some
offsetting benefits.

That's what three inns in Rockland are banking on. The Historic Inns of Rockland
are offering a two-night package that includes a $10-per-cylinder discount for a
midweek stay.

The promotion means a guest could drive that V8-powered SUV to Rockland and get
an $80 discount, plus free breakfasts and a seafood dinner. The promotion runs
until the end of July, capturing much of the peak summer season, when many of
Maine's tourists drive here from Massachusetts, elsewhere in New England and New
York.

"It's basically geared toward that one-tank market," said Marti Mayne, who
handles marketing for LimeRock Inn, Berry Manor Inn and the Captain Lindsey
House.

Mayne said the inns' owners were concerned that high gas prices might keep their
crucial drive-in customers home instead of looking for a summer break along the
Maine coast.

"They were asking, `What can we do to make sure that summer travel is not
affected by high gas prices?' " Mayne said. Although there are no solid signs
yet that the summer driving vacations will be cut short this year, she said, the
idea is to ease customers' concerns about $50 or more fill-ups on the way to a
getaway.

Munger said such an approach allows a business to "break through the clutter a
little bit" by putting a different spin on a subject that's on most consumers'
minds.

It encourages consumers to move beyond complaining about gas prices to thinking
about how they can find some benefit from them, she said.

"This can be an effective tool in overcoming a potential obstacle," Munger said.

In past years, not much marketing has been done around alternative
transportation or discounts based on high gas prices, she said, mainly because
prices only crept up a few pennies at a time. But after Hurricane Katrina led to
a huge jump in prices late last summer, consumers have seen prices bouncing up
and down more dramatically.

Price spikes this spring, Munger added, have caused consumers to react more than
in the past.

"If it goes up a penny or two or three, you notice it, but it's not
significantly big enough. But when it jumps, it's like, `Whoa!' " she said. "It
psychologically reaches a threshold and that's where it's getting now -
(affecting) not just the middle class and below, but the upper-middle class."

At Gorham Bike & Ski, workers are telling customers that they can cut their gas
bill even if they only leave the car home and take a bike occasionally.

"Every day adds up," said Tim Corcoran, the manager of the store.

Corcoran said the bike shop has put up a sign encouraging commuters to bike to
work, and some customers have said they're looking for an alternative to the
car.

Just like in the car business, Corcoran said hybrids are becoming a popular
alternative. Hybrid bikes are a cross between the traditional 10-speed road
bike, with its large, narrow wheels, and popular mountain bikes, with wide
tires. They ride well on pavement, he said, and their price starts around $200,
or about as much as it costs to fill a typical sedan's gas tank four or five
times.

The longer gas prices stay high, Corcoran said, the more interest in biking as
an alternative will grow.

"It hasn't been a huge flood" so far, he said. "I think it has to be sustained
for a while before people say, `OK, enough.' "

Smith said the farmers' market is hoping for a similar change in attitude as gas
prices stay high.

She noted that grocery store food travels an average of 1,500 miles to reach the
local supermarket and pointed out that the farmers' market is setting up every
Wednesday starting May 24 in the parking lot of the Falmouth Wal-Mart. That
location, she said, allows consumers to combine trips to the world's largest
retailer with a visit to a much smaller, local alternative.

Smith said combining trips and buying products that aren't trucked for hundreds
of miles from farm to market could, in the long run, have an impact beyond
saving gas for one household.

"These are small changes that we could do that could make such a difference,"
she said.

Staff Writer Edward D. Murphy can be contacted at 791-6465 or at:

emurphy@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff photos by Gordon Chibroski
A sign outside the Gorham Bike & Ski shop on Congress Street in Portland
encourages biking to combat the rising costs of driving.
Below: Tim Corcoran, shop manager, prepares a Raleigh C-30 Hybrid road bike with
fenders, a good commuting bike even in the rain.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                             October 2, 2009 Friday

The best gift a mother can give

BYLINE: Wilfred Langmaid

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 673  words


Upon my lap my sovereign sits

And sucks upon my breast

Meantime his love maintains my life

And gives my sense her rest.

Sing Lullaby (traditional English folk song)

I'll see you at the market tomorrow.

As a member of the Fredericton Breastfeeding Promotion Committee, I will be one
of a group of local people gathering at the Boyce Farmers' Market for this
year's annual breastfeeding challenge.

Tomorrow at 11 a.m. mothers and babies at sites across North America will
compete to set the record for the most babies breastfeeding at one time.

This event takes place as part of the celebration of World Breastfeeding Week in
Canada. It is sponsored by the Quintessence Foundation, a non-profit group
providing education to parents and professionals about breastfeeding.

Organized by the Fredericton Breastfeeding Promotion Committee, this year's
local challenge will be held at the market for the first time after several
years in smaller venues.

The theme for World Breastfeeding Week is Breastfeeding - a vital response. This
title refers to the key role breastfeeding plays in times of disasters such as
monsoons and earthquakes when clean water and appropriate food are often in
short supply.

The message is simple. Breastfeeding is one thing a mother can do for her child
regardless of her external circumstances. It is the best gift she can give.

Breastfeeding has many well-documented benefits including better health for both
mothers and babies. However, many women fail to meet their own breastfeeding
goals and wean their children prematurely, well before meeting recommended
guidelines.

Two of the biggest hurdles for mothers continue to be lack of support and
marginalization by the community.

In North America this lack of support is demonstrated as many women find
breastfeeding in public a major barrier.

Think about it. A woman who breastfeeds in public today often gets a sideways
glance or a quizzical look. Western society has spent the past half century with
a prevailing attitude that formula feeding is the norm.

So, the challenge tomorrow is symbolic as well as tangible. Mothers will nurse
their children as part of the wider community that comes to the local gathering
place on Saturday mornings - the farmers' market.

Breastfeeding was always the norm. Thankfully, we are moving back towards it.

I am a breastfeeding convert. Like the vast majority of North Americans my age,
I was fed an assortment of manufactured formulas as an infant. So was my wife,
Shelley. Our parents simply did what everyone else did in those days.

Formula feeding began in the 1930s, and it really took hold in post-Second World
War western societies.

The nadir was the 1950s, when less than 10 per cent of North American parents
breast-fed their children.

This last generation has seen a rebirth of breast feeding in contemporary
culture, but there are facts that cannot be denied.

New Brunswick has some of the lowest breastfeeding rates in the country, with
under 20 per cent of mothers breastfeeding their babies for at least six months
and under 10 per cent exclusively breastfeeding their babies during the
recommended six months.

The Canadian average is approximately 75 per cent at initiation and 28 per cent
at six months.

This flies in the face of the recommendations of The Breastfeeding Committee for
Canada. They endorse exclusive breastfeeding to the age of six months and
provision of safe, appropriate and locally available complementary foods, with
continued breastfeeding, for up to two years of age and beyond. The World Health
Organization (WHO) has similar recommendations.

The benefits of breastfeeding are broad and undeniable, having been supported by
countless peer-reviewed journal articles.

The nourishment that a mother gives her infant through the breast milk is, in
short, vastly superior to formula.

We make informed choices as parents. As I see it, breastfeeding is one of them.

Long-time Daily Gleaner columnist Wilfred Langmaid is employed by the University
of New Brunswick. He resides in Fredericton. His column appears Fridays.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News

                                  May 16, 2006

Tourism promoters rev up efforts to counteract high fuel costs.

BYLINE: Edward D. Murphy

LENGTH: 943 words



HIGHLIGHT: marketing trends


May 16--From bicycle shops trying to sell commuters on the idea of leaving the
car at home to inns offering discounts to drive-in tourists, marketing officials
are looking for ways to generate business from the problem that's crimping most
household budgets these days -- high fuel costs.

Anne Smith, marketing director at the Cumberland Farmers' Market, said buying
produce at a farmers' market not only helps local growers and preserves
farmland, it helps reduce fuel consumption by lessening the need to truck fruits
and vegetables hundreds of miles to grocery stores. And that can keep gas prices
-- currently nudging $3 a gallon -- down by lowering demand.

"It's so environmentally healthy -- and healthy in every way," Smith said. The
Cumberland Farmers' Market is spreading that idea through word-of-mouth
marketing.

The farmers' market's low-key approach to promoting itself as a way to help keep
energy prices down is an example of what is likely to be a wave of efforts to
carve out opportunities from the high price of gasoline.

Jeanne Munger, an assistant professor of marketing at the University of Southern
Maine, said the marketing efforts play off a common and effective strategy: When
something requires a sacrifice -- or takes a bite out of the wallet -- offer
some offsetting benefits.

That's what three inns in Rockland are banking on. The Historic Inns of Rockland
are offering a two-night package that includes a $10-per-cylinder discount for a
midweek stay.

The promotion means a guest could drive that V8-powered SUV to Rockland and get
an $80 discount, plus free breakfasts and a seafood dinner. The promotion runs
until the end of July, capturing much of the peak summer season, when many of
Maine's tourists drive here from Massachusetts, elsewhere in New England and New
York.

"It's basically geared toward that one-tank market," said Marti Mayne, who
handles marketing for LimeRock Inn, Berry Manor Inn and the Captain Lindsey
House.

Mayne said the inns' owners were concerned that high gas prices might keep their
crucial drive-in customers home instead of looking for a summer break along the
Maine coast.

"They were asking, 'What can we do to make sure that summer travel is not
affected by high gas prices?' " Mayne said. Although there are no solid signs
yet that the summer driving vacations will be cut short this year, she said, the
idea is to ease customers' concerns about $50 or more fill-ups on the way to a
getaway.

Munger said such an approach allows a business to "break through the clutter a
little bit" by putting a different spin on a subject that's on most consumers'
minds.

It encourages consumers to move beyond complaining about gas prices to thinking
about how they can find some benefit from them, she said.

"This can be an effective tool in overcoming a potential obstacle," Munger said.

In past years, not much marketing has been done around alternative
transportation or discounts based on high gas prices, she said, mainly because
prices only crept up a few pennies at a time. But after Hurricane Katrina led to
a huge jump in prices late last summer, consumers have seen prices bouncing up
and down more dramatically.

Price spikes this spring, Munger added, have caused consumers to react more than
in the past.

"If it goes up a penny or two or three, you notice it, but it's not
significantly big enough. But when it jumps, it's like, 'Whoa!' " she said. "It
psychologically reaches a threshold and that's where it's getting now --
(affecting) not just the middle class and below, but the upper-middle class."

At Gorham Bike & Ski, workers are telling customers that they can cut their gas
bill even if they only leave the car home and take a bike occasionally.

"Every day adds up," said Tim Corcoran, the manager of the store.

Corcoran said the bike shop has put up a sign encouraging commuters to bike to
work, and some customers have said they're looking for an alternative to the
car.

Just like in the car business, Corcoran said hybrids are becoming a popular
alternative. Hybrid bikes are a cross between the traditional 10-speed road
bike, with its large, narrow wheels, and popular mountain bikes, with wide
tires. They ride well on pavement, he said, and their price starts around $200,
or about as much as it costs to fill a typical sedan's gas tank four or five
times.

The longer gas prices stay high, Corcoran said, the more interest in biking as
an alternative will grow.

"It hasn't been a huge flood" so far, he said. "I think it has to be sustained
for a while before people say, 'OK, enough.' " Smith said the farmers' market is
hoping for a similar change in attitude as gas prices stay high.

She noted that grocery store food travels an average of 1,500 miles to reach the
local supermarket and pointed out that the farmers' market is setting up every
Wednesday starting May 24 in the parking lot of the Falmouth Wal-Mart. That
location, she said, allows consumers to combine trips to the world's largest
retailer with a visit to a much smaller, local alternative.

Smith said combining trips and buying products that aren't trucked for hundreds
of miles from farm to market could, in the long run, have an impact beyond
saving gas for one household.

"These are small changes that we could do that could make such a difference,"
she said.

To see more of the Portland Press Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.pressherald.com.

Copyright (c) 2006, Portland Press Herald, Maine

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 5151088

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Regional Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KNIRITRB

                        Copyright 2006 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                       Business and Management Practices
         Copyright 2006 provided by Knight-Ridder/Tribune Business News


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News

                                  May 16, 2006

Tourism promoters rev up efforts to counteract high fuel costs.

BYLINE: Edward D. Murphy

LENGTH: 943 words



HIGHLIGHT: marketing trends


May 16--From bicycle shops trying to sell commuters on the idea of leaving the
car at home to inns offering discounts to drive-in tourists, marketing officials
are looking for ways to generate business from the problem that's crimping most
household budgets these days -- high fuel costs.

Anne Smith, marketing director at the Cumberland Farmers' Market, said buying
produce at a farmers' market not only helps local growers and preserves
farmland, it helps reduce fuel consumption by lessening the need to truck fruits
and vegetables hundreds of miles to grocery stores. And that can keep gas prices
-- currently nudging $3 a gallon -- down by lowering demand.

"It's so environmentally healthy -- and healthy in every way," Smith said. The
Cumberland Farmers' Market is spreading that idea through word-of-mouth
marketing.

The farmers' market's low-key approach to promoting itself as a way to help keep
energy prices down is an example of what is likely to be a wave of efforts to
carve out opportunities from the high price of gasoline.

Jeanne Munger, an assistant professor of marketing at the University of Southern
Maine, said the marketing efforts play off a common and effective strategy: When
something requires a sacrifice -- or takes a bite out of the wallet -- offer
some offsetting benefits.

That's what three inns in Rockland are banking on. The Historic Inns of Rockland
are offering a two-night package that includes a $10-per-cylinder discount for a
midweek stay.

The promotion means a guest could drive that V8-powered SUV to Rockland and get
an $80 discount, plus free breakfasts and a seafood dinner. The promotion runs
until the end of July, capturing much of the peak summer season, when many of
Maine's tourists drive here from Massachusetts, elsewhere in New England and New
York.

"It's basically geared toward that one-tank market," said Marti Mayne, who
handles marketing for LimeRock Inn, Berry Manor Inn and the Captain Lindsey
House.

Mayne said the inns' owners were concerned that high gas prices might keep their
crucial drive-in customers home instead of looking for a summer break along the
Maine coast.

"They were asking, 'What can we do to make sure that summer travel is not
affected by high gas prices?' " Mayne said. Although there are no solid signs
yet that the summer driving vacations will be cut short this year, she said, the
idea is to ease customers' concerns about $50 or more fill-ups on the way to a
getaway.

Munger said such an approach allows a business to "break through the clutter a
little bit" by putting a different spin on a subject that's on most consumers'
minds.

It encourages consumers to move beyond complaining about gas prices to thinking
about how they can find some benefit from them, she said.

"This can be an effective tool in overcoming a potential obstacle," Munger said.

In past years, not much marketing has been done around alternative
transportation or discounts based on high gas prices, she said, mainly because
prices only crept up a few pennies at a time. But after Hurricane Katrina led to
a huge jump in prices late last summer, consumers have seen prices bouncing up
and down more dramatically.

Price spikes this spring, Munger added, have caused consumers to react more than
in the past.

"If it goes up a penny or two or three, you notice it, but it's not
significantly big enough. But when it jumps, it's like, 'Whoa!' " she said. "It
psychologically reaches a threshold and that's where it's getting now --
(affecting) not just the middle class and below, but the upper-middle class."

At Gorham Bike & Ski, workers are telling customers that they can cut their gas
bill even if they only leave the car home and take a bike occasionally.

"Every day adds up," said Tim Corcoran, the manager of the store.

Corcoran said the bike shop has put up a sign encouraging commuters to bike to
work, and some customers have said they're looking for an alternative to the
car.

Just like in the car business, Corcoran said hybrids are becoming a popular
alternative. Hybrid bikes are a cross between the traditional 10-speed road
bike, with its large, narrow wheels, and popular mountain bikes, with wide
tires. They ride well on pavement, he said, and their price starts around $200,
or about as much as it costs to fill a typical sedan's gas tank four or five
times.

The longer gas prices stay high, Corcoran said, the more interest in biking as
an alternative will grow.

"It hasn't been a huge flood" so far, he said. "I think it has to be sustained
for a while before people say, 'OK, enough.' " Smith said the farmers' market is
hoping for a similar change in attitude as gas prices stay high.

She noted that grocery store food travels an average of 1,500 miles to reach the
local supermarket and pointed out that the farmers' market is setting up every
Wednesday starting May 24 in the parking lot of the Falmouth Wal-Mart. That
location, she said, allows consumers to combine trips to the world's largest
retailer with a visit to a much smaller, local alternative.

Smith said combining trips and buying products that aren't trucked for hundreds
of miles from farm to market could, in the long run, have an impact beyond
saving gas for one household.

"These are small changes that we could do that could make such a difference,"
she said.

To see more of the Portland Press Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.pressherald.com.

Copyright (c) 2006, Portland Press Herald, Maine

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 5151089

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Regional Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KNIRITRB

                        Copyright 2006 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                             Business and Industry
         Copyright 2006 provided by Knight-Ridder/Tribune Business News


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     January 1, 2004 Thursday Home Edition

Cobb Business: BRIEFS

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Cobb; Pg. 3JF

LENGTH: 342 words


Harry's signs off 2003 with lobster promotion

Harry's Farmers Market was to celebrate the last day of 2003 at its three stores
by promoting New England lobster.

Big Pete, the market's fisherman mascot, was to carry live lobsters through the
aisles of the Harry's at 1180 Upper Hembree Road in Alpharetta.

Fortgang promotes book

Author and personal coach Laura Berman Fortgang will be at the Kmart in Mableton
at 1 p.m. Jan. 11. Fortgang wrote "Living Your Best Life" and "Take Yourself to
the Top," and she's in town promoting her new book, "New Year, New You."

At 3, following Fortgang's appearance, personal trainer Ulrick Bien-Aime from
Professional Profile will give tips on stretching and health-related advice. The
store is at 5590 Mableton Parkway.

Fashion show, Barbie visit

The K Stage at the Kmart in Mableton is planning two events for kids.  Barbie
will make an appearance, and a fashion show will be held 1 to 3 p.m. Saturday.
Girls can meet Barbie and get their picture taken with her, and dress up and be
in the fashion show.

The Mableton Kmart is at 5990 Mableton Parkway.

New name, office for bank

First National Bank of Cherokee has changed its name and moved its Marietta
office. The bank's new name is First Cherokee State Bank. Originally a
nationally-chartered bank, the institution has converted to a state charter. The
office, formerly at 1185 North Cobb Parkway, is now at 1350 Church St.
Extension.

In addition to housing the bank's operations, the building has tenant space
available on the second and fourth floors.

"We're very excited to be expanding our Marietta office," said Carl Hames Jr.,
CEO of First Cherokee State Bank.

The bank first opened in Woodstock in November 1989.

In addition to the Woodstock and Marietta offices, the bank has a branch office
in Canton.

* Send information to Leslie Everton Brice, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution,
1105 Parkside Lane, Suite 1322, Woodstock, GA 30189; fax 770-373-8704.

* Telephone: 770-509-4080

* Fax: 770-509-4170

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Grand Forks Herald

                             July 23, 2004, Friday

Pembina, N.D., holds its first farmers market

BYLINE: By Rona K. Johnson

LENGTH: 650 words



PEMBINA, N.D. -- Baked goods, vegetables and perennials were being snapped up
fast Thursday afternoon at this community's first farmers market.

"This is out first year, and I anticipate that it will grow," said Kathy
Johnson, treasurer of the Pembina Farmers' and Flea Market Association.

Johnson signed up five vendors for the first session. She expects that to double
by October.

"My potatoes aren't ready in the garden yet," said Joann Staples, who walked off
with a 5-pound bag of new red potatoes.

She bought the potatoes from Lisa Bakke, who makes extra money selling the
vegetables she and husband, David, produce on their farm.

Before the farmers market, they sold off their farm and on street corners in the
surrounding towns.

"I'm glad to be a part of the market, it's just an all around fun thing," she
said as she listened to the Sons of the Pathfinder, a band and dance group made
up of the Stegman family from Neche, N.D., and the Stover family from Crystal,
N.D.

The Pembina Farmers' and Flea Market Association is one of 17 new farmers
markets that have signed on as members of the North Dakota Farmers Market and
Growers Association, said Donna Thronson, marketing specialist for the North
Dakota Department of Agriculture.

"We have 26 registered markets in the state of North Dakota, and last year, we
were at 10," she said.

The association was organized in January to educate producers about growing and
selling produce, involve communities in promoting and hosting farmers markets
and to promote consumption of fresh produce.

Rudy Radke, North Dakota State University Extension Service commercial vegetable
production specialist, came up with the idea after he returned from a meeting
where he found out that North Dakota was one of many states without a state
association.

There are three levels of membership in the NDFMGA. The first costs $ 10 a year
and it applies to farmers market vendors.

As members, they're listed on the state's database and list serve and have
access to education sessions. "The membership listing allows them to network
with other vendors and farmers markets and share information," Thronson said.
"Ultimately, it helps the industry grow as a whole."

The second level is for farmers markets that have formed a board and drawn up
bylaws. Cost is $ 25, and they, too, can get information from the state and they
also can apply for grants. This year, the Farmers Market and Growers Association
awarded $ 5,700 in grants, including $ 100 to the Pembina association.

"It minimizes the learning curve for the starting farmers markets," Thronson
said.

The third level is the Golden Growers membership, which costs $ 100 a year and
is available to individuals and groups interested in promotion, research and
education of farmers markets.

"It's used as a support mechanism for the association," she said.

The association's goal is to strengthen the farmers markets and to help them
become more self-sufficient and more reliable for serving customers, Thronson
said.

Income and tourism Farmers markets are meant to provide a supplemental income
for farm families and as a draw for tourists.

The Pembina farmers market is part of the newly formed Rendezvous Region
Farmers' Market Association, which also includes Walhalla, Langdon and Cavalier,
N.D. The organization hopes to capitalize on tourism in the Pembina Gorge and a
new nature trail that's being developed in the area.

"What's good for the region is good for Pembina and what's good for Pembina is
good for the region," Johnson said. "We're just trying to look at every way to
make our community viable."

For more information on the NDFMGA, call the North Dakota Department of
Agriculture at (800) 242-7535.



-----

To see more of the Grand Forks Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.grandforks.com.


LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: GF-FARMERS-MKT-20040723

JOURNAL-CODE: GF

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                       Copyright 2004 Grand Forks Herald


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Stroud News and Journal

                            April 21, 2016 Thursday

Stroud farmers' market news with Gerb Gerbrands: Rain or shine it's one of best

BYLINE: SNJ Reporter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 346 words


WELL, here I am at the Farm Shop and Deli awards, Hall 6 at the NEC, awaiting
the awards ceremony at which Stroud farmers' market is nominated for the best
farmers' market award 2016.

It has been a few years since we were up for an award, mostly down to the fact
we haven't entered any for a while having won most of the awards available a few
years back, BBC Food and Farming awards for best food market in 2010 and the
FARMA best certified farmers' market in 2013.

The Farm Shop and Deli awards is a growing event that now rivals the BBC Good
Food Show for importance in the calendar for new food businesses to promote
their products to the ever increasing Farm Shop sector.

I remember back in 1999, when Stroud farmers' market started, that farm shops
were still a bit of a novelty and really lived up to their name, they were
generally a shed which had been converted to a sales counter where the farm
could sell their products direct to customers who were dedicated to buying local
produce. They were rare and rustic.

In these last 17 years, as farmers' markets became a huge success story all over
the country and the concept of buying direct from our excellent local farmers
became a passion for so many who were fed up with the way the supermarkets
treated our farmers and their produce, farm shops have become 'local food
emporiums', with amazing new buildings, cafeterias, bake off breads, gift shops
and artisan foods, they have become another huge success story, to my mind, the
success of the farm shop sector is entirely down to the rise of farmers' markets
. Stroud farmers' market is a winner every Saturday! Just ask those who sell
there! The level of support from the wonderful customers for the equally
wonderful stallholders is a phenomenon that almost needs no awards to prove
itself.

The quantity and quality of the produce available is something to behold every
week, the throng of customers, week in, week out, rain or shine, is something
that cannot be explained by marketing and promotional gurus, it just is the Best
Farmers' Market, whether we win or not!

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Glendale News-Press (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Montrose board elects new officers

BYLINE: Brittany Levine, Glendale News-Press, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 513 words


Dec. 05--When Kirk Gelsinger, owner of Zeke's Smokehouse and Amber Road, a
gourmet grocery store, was on the Montrose Shopping Park Assn. board of
directors in the 1980s, the business promotions group had roughly $25,000 to
work with.

After Gelisnger got elected to the board after a decades-long hiatus, the
shopping association's executive director announced the business improvement
district was budgeting $435,000 for its 2014 expenditures.

"I hope that I can continue that," Gelsinger said, noting that over the years,
the board has ironed out some of the age-old problems, including increasing
oversight of the weekly farmer's market, which provides more than a quarter of
the revenue for the business improvement district.

The new direction of the organization also encouraged Kim Kelly, co-owner of
Merle Norman Cosmetics, one of the top Merle Norman stores in the country, to
run for a spot on the board.

"Now it's a new regime," she said. "I think more is getting done."

Kelly was the top vote-getter wth 66 votes. Gelsinger got 58, pushing out
incumbent Danny Prenata, who netted 39 votes. The new members will serve
three-year terms.

In addition to several new faces joining the board since 2011, the
organization's Sunday farmer's market has had consistently increasing revenues
since the association cut ties with former Councilman John Drayman, who was
indicted in 2012 on charges of embezzling at least $304,000 over seven years
from the market.

For years, the shopping park association had trouble making ends meet because of
the struggling market. Income from the market on the 2014 budget is forecast at
$170,000. Association officials project it to close out 2013 at $173,000, a 6%
increase from 2012 and a 16% increase from 2011.

In addition to the successful market, the shopping park made $55,800 through
film shoots in the quaint shopping area along Honolulu Avenue that many compare
to the fictional Mayberry. Despite the "banner year in filming," the
organization has forecast $40,000 from filming in 2014 as a conservative
estimate, said Executive Director Dale Dawson.

The organization also has about $90,000 in reserves, money the board could use
to plan new promotions, such as "Small Business Saturdays," special events meant
to draw shoppers to the area that have done well this year.

For 2013, the shopping park association budgeted roughly $525,000. The smaller
budget this coming year is partially due to the fact that in 2013, the shopping
park spent $60,000 on a Centennial Celebration, which the group considered a
wash because they made roughly the same amount from the event as they spent on
it.

The group, which is a quasi-governmental organization since the city establishes
business improvement districts and collects assessments from businesses in the
area on behalf of the shopping park association, is scheduled to present their
2014 budget to the City Council on Dec. 17.

___ (c)2013 the Glendale News-Press (Glendale, Calif.) Visit the Glendale
News-Press (Glendale, Calif.) at www.glendalenewspress.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131205-1GL-Montrose-board-elects-new-officers-1205-20131205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1GL


                       Copyright 2013 Glendale News-Press


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Public Opinion Chambersburg, PA)

                            June 26, 2002 Wednesday

Farmers market features Civil War ration wagon

BYLINE: Staff, Staff

SECTION: DIGEST; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 285 words


Staff report

Southgate Farmers Market, Chambersburg, and Branch Creek Farmers Market,
Shippensburg, are planning special events this week.

On Thursday,Branch Creek will feature a Civil War ration wagon with help from
Shippensburg Area Civil War Round Table. It will represent provisions allocated
to soldiers and those confiscated by the military as they marched through
Shippensburg to Gettysburg.

The wagon will herald the start of Shippensburg's March to Destiny Living
History Encampment, which begins at noon Friday. On Saturday the wagon will move
to Byrd Street as part of the encampment.

Also, local folk singer, Catherine Roth, will perform at Branch Creek from 2 to
4 p.m. Thursday.

Southgate plans to present the Franklin County Dairy Princess and her royal
court, from 8 a.m. to noon on Saturday.

In recognition of National Dairy Month, Barbara Reichard, Franklin County's
2001-02 Dairy Princess and Courtney Johnson, the reigning 2002-03 Dairy
Princess, will provide samples of cheese dips and recipes, and sell T-shirts.
Ice cream will be provided by Trickling Springs Creamery, Marion.

Southgate Farmers Market is open from 8 a.m. to noon every Saturday on the
parking lot of Southgate Shopping Center. Branch Creek Farmers Market is open
from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. each Thursday at the Shippensburg Firefighters Activities
Center.

Both markets bring wide varieties of locally grown fresh fruits and vegetables
without use of chemicals. Weekly space is provided for local organizations
interested in fundraising or building community awareness.

For more information or to reserve a space for promotions of organizations,
contact Jayne Shord at 642-5695 or Stacey Schmader at 709-1995.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 Public Opinion Chambersburg, PA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Mandelbaums Are Back At The Farmers' Market; Ex-Tutti Frutti pair bring
hospitality, tasty baked treats to Perk 'N' Beans

BYLINE: John Gilchrist, Calgary Herald

SECTION: WEEKEND LIFE; Pg. E9

LENGTH: 797 words


The original Calgary Farmers' Market (CFM) on the Currie Barracks (2004-2010)
saw many characters and businesses emerge over its tenure. Phil &; Sebastian
pulled its first espressos there. Simple Simon sampled thousands of pies. Baby
Gourmet sold its first premium baby food there. The late Johnnie Walker served
up great waffles and Jack Habina pulled out box after box of prime cherries and
peaches. Gert Lund and Ron and Sheila Hamilton introduced hordes of folks to the
quality and taste of organic produce and meats.

One of the busiest spots in the former airplane hangar was a little kiosk called
Tutti Frutti run by Debbie and Henry Mandelbaum, assisted by their children
Joseph and Tammy. The Mandelbaums served coffee, freshmade gelato and Debbie's
own Colombian-inspired guava-paste and chocolate cookies all with a heaping
helping of warmth and personality. They seemed to know each of their hundreds of
customers personally, divining just how much milk they wanted in their coffee,
how their house renovations were going and whether their kids had gotten into a
particular school or program. Their customer service was exemplary.

When the market shifted to Blackfoot Trail in 2011 and a faction split off to
form what is now the Market on Macleod, the Mandelbaums opted to move on to
other ventures. Debbie went to work at Costco, Henry at PexCor Manufacturing.
(Joseph went to Harvard and is now working on a PhD while Tammy works in public
relations locally with Brookline.)

But now they're back. A few weeks ago, Debbie and Henry Mandelbaum took over
Perk 'N' Beans at the Calgary Farmers' Market (510 77th Ave. S.E.). They brought
in a new Nuova Simonelli espresso machine and are pulling Phil &; Sebastian
beans through it. (In a way, this marks a return to the Calgary Farmers' Market
for P &; S, too.) They have a second machine to make rooibos espresso and are
working on high-end hot chocolate as well. They're not doing gelato - Frank &;
Mabel's already covers the frozen treats - but they are carrying pastries and
Debbie is doing a bunch of her own baking. (Try the guava cookies - if you get
there early enough.)

Debbie Mandelbaum is at the market from Thursday through Sunday with Henry
joining her on the weekends. They're already welcoming back many of their former
regulars and introducing many more to their own engaging style of hospitality.

MARGARITA'S OPENS AT FARMERS' MARKET

In other Calgary Farmers' Market news, Margarita Korduner and her son Danny have
opened a new Margarita's Dishes outlet. The original one in the food court
serves fine Eastern European blintzes, chicken schnitzel, sauerkraut and
fresh-squeezed juices. The new spot will sell Margarita's foods in frozen form
to take home.

SPECIAL OFFERINGS

Many restaurants are putting out specials and promotions to drive business
during the typically quieter winter months. Here are just a few of the ideas
that have crossed my desk recently.

Vin Room West at 8561 8A Avenue S.W. (587-353-8812) is offering live jazz every
Saturday evening with no cover charge.

Q Haute Cuisine at 100 La Caille Place S.W. (403-262-5554) recently held a
dinner that paired dishes with tea instead of wine.

The Lake House at 747 Lake Bonavista Dr. S.E. (403-225-3939) is serving a
three-course, $45, prix fixe menu Monday through Thursday evenings. Note: There
is a limited number of prix fixe meals available each night.

Hy's Steakhouse in the Core (8th Avenue and 3rd Street S.W., 403-663-3363) is
amping up Happy Hour 3 to 7 p.m. weekdays with live music and food and drink
specials (oysters $1.50 each).

Heritage Park (403-268-8645) has brought back the Sunday breakfast buffet at the
Wainwright Hotel though April 30 (excluding April 16). It's $18.50 (plus GST)
for adults and $11.25 (plus GST) for kids 11 and under and you can drive right
to the hotel.

Market at 718 17th Avenue S.W. (403-474-4414), with new executive chef Evan
Robertson now firmly in place, has launched a new menu. Look for classic
technique and creative, robustly flavoured dishes.

Bonterra Trattoria at 1016 8th Street S.W. (403-262-8480) is offering a
six-course chef's tasting menu for $49 per person.

The Calgary Produce Marketing Association is sponsoring a six-chef, multi-course
dinner highlighting the value and versatility of produce on every plate. The
event will be held on March 3 at the Markin MacPhail Centre at 88 Canada Olympic
Road S.W. Chefs are Liana Robberecht (WinSport), Andrea Harling (Made Foods),
Kerry Bennett (Care Bakery), Nicole Buckton (Hotel Arts), Mike Aurigemma (Q) and
Melanie Hennessy (Win-Sport). Tickets are $89 at www.calgarypma.ca.

John Gilchrist can be reached at escurial@telus.net or at 403-235-7532 or follow
him on Twitter @GilchristJohn !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All
rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JIM WELLS; Debbie Mandelbaum at Perk 'N' Beans at the Calgary Farmers'
Market.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Orland Press Register (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 28, 2010 Thursday

Residents can pick farmers market sites

BYLINE: Rick Longley, Orland Press Register, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 531 words


Jan. 28--Library Park in Orland has been discussed.

Two other parks in Willows -- Sycamore and Jensen -- also have been part of the
early consideration for the location of the proposed farmers markets.

Hamilton City also is part of the mix.

But where vendors will actually pitch their tents and sell their produce, goods
and wares may have more to do with what the public thinks than what planners do.

The public is being urged to weigh in on where to locate the upcoming Glenn
County Certified Farmers Market through an online survey.

Glenn County's Resource Conservation District is working with the U.C.
Cooperative Extension Service in getting input on the program set to start later
this spring.

This will lead users to the Market Glenn Web site established by the Cooperative
Extension office, according to market coordinator Claudia Street.

Street said this site connects consumers with local agricultural producers and
service providers and gives plenty of information on county products.

The survey will be available through Feb. 12, RCD manager Kandi Manhart said, so
interested parties should take it soon.

"We have had really good response so far," Manhart said Wednesday. "We have
received over 90 online surveys. We are thrilled to have that many come in so
quickly."

RCD officials ask people to send the survey notice to others and to take the
survey only once, they said.

Those unable to access the survey online may call the RCD office and request a
hard copy or to take it over the phone with assistance from Street or Manhart.

This survey came from the Jan. 14 farmer 's market meeting in Orland where Jody
Samons with the cooperative extension office offered to put the survey on its
Web site.

Glenn County's RCD received a $79,000 grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture farmers market promotion program to set up the farmers market in the
county.

The two-year grant provides money to advertise and administer the market in its
beginning stages and help develop a market association that can sustain it after
the grant is ended in the fall of 2011, Manhart said.

However, where to locate it is yet to be resolved since some people want it in
Orland and others in Willows or Hamilton City.

Initially, the RCD thought rotating the market around the county to the three
communities might work, but growers suggested picking a single location could
make it easier for buyers to remember.

Willows Mayor Heather Baker suggested having the market in Orland on Tuesday
nights and in Willows on Saturday mornings could benefit both cities.

No location has been chosen pending results

In the meantime, the RCD has scheduled a market association organizational
meeting for 10 a.m., March 3 in Willows. The location is yet to be finalized,
Manhart said.

To see more of the Orland Press Register or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.orland-press-register.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Orland Press Register,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100128-YI-Residents-can-pick-farmers-market-sites-0128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YI


                                 Copyright 2010


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Carlow Nationalist

                                 March 12, 2008

IT students have lessons for local farmers' market

SECTION: AROUND CARLOW TOWN

LENGTH: 300 words


EVERY business venture benefits from a bit of market research but Carlow
Farmers' Market didn't have to dole out big bucks to get theirs.

Fourth-year International Business degree students from IT Carlow have just
completed a study on the increasingly popular local market, with some surprising
results.

The collaboration between IT Carlow and local businesses and organisations is
part of a new module on the International Business programme which allows
students to engage in real business tasks.

Braving the elements, the students carried out surveys to establish what
people's views of the market were and what aspects of the market could
potentially be improved. That data was then analysed and some of the findings
showed that existing customers loved the social aspect of the market and its
sense of community.

But surprisingly, given that the market is in operation for more than three
years, many people were unaware of this unique source of quality produce and
this is something the Farmers' Market is keen to address.

Module co-ordinator at IT Carlow Gina Noonan said: "It was very enriching for
the students to work on a project for a real business which also allowed them to
develop a broad range of skills. This task would never have been possible
without the co-operation of the Farmers' Market and we are very grateful to them
for providing us with this opportunity."

But there is no break for this particular group of students who have already
moved on to their next task, working with the Delta Centre to assist in the
promotion of their Sensory Gardens.

Their brief here consists of organising a major event and developing sustainable
promotional ideas for the gardens.

The event is already well in hand and will be held in mid-April in aid of the
Share a Dream Foundation - watch this space!

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                              July 25, 2011 Monday

VFPCK to provide Rs 4.5 crore aid to farmers

LENGTH: 528 words

DATELINE: THIRUVANANTHAPURAM


THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, July 25 -- Envisaging the development of rural market
infrastructure, the Vegetable and Fruit Promotion Council, Keralam (VFPCK) will
provide additional support to existing farmers' markets at a cost of Rs 4.5
crore.

The working group of the Agriculture Department has given administrative
sanction to the proposals in this regard. The scheme having two components
targets formation of 22 new collection centres and 14 new bulking points and
strengthening of the existing 260 farmers' markets and 84 collection centres
established by the Council.

Opening 10 new retail outlets and strengthening of the existing 15 retail
outlets, providing infrastructure support through land and building to 10 new
farmer markets and strengthening of the existing infrastructure support for
farmers' markets are the other targets.

VFPCK chief executive officer N Vijayan told 'Express' that the working group
had sanctioned Rs 7.25 crore, including that for the expansion of the farmers'
markets. Rs 3.25 crore has been sanctioned for a participatory development
model, he said.

Establishing 10 new agro clinics in farmers' markets, enhancing and sustaining
the income levels of farmers through effective supply chain management avoiding
middlemen and reducing marketing costs are the objectives. There is also a
proposal to set up an efficient market intelligence system to help farmers.

The Council proposes to start 14 new markets during the 2011-12 financial year,
which will take the total number of VFPCK markets in the state to 274.

Rs 35.90 lakh has been earmarked for market stabilisation and strengthening
support for existing farmers' markets, computerisation of markets and setting up
of agro clinics. It is also proposed to construct permanent buildings for the
market activities of Swasraya Karshaka Samithis (SKS) at a cost of Rs 15 lakh
for each building.

Support for SKS Consortium

The VFPCK will extend support to the Swasraya Karshaka Samithi (SKS) Consortium
for better price realisation and retailing through the expansion of farmers'
markets.

The proposal envisages the establishment of group marketing centres for
perishables, strengthening of existing farmers' markets and diversification of
the activities of the district-level apex body of farmers' markets titled
Swasraya Karshaka Samithi Consortium.

Market intervention support during glut situations, fair price support to fruit
and vegetable farmers, strengthening of existing retail outlets etc are planned
under this scheme.

The activities of the district-level farmers' market consortium will be
streamlined and coordination of farmers' markets all over the state will be
undertaken.

The project envisages the construction of an office building for the SKS
Consortiums at a cost of Rs 12 lakh and transportation support for self-help
groups at a cost of Rs 50 lakh.

Another Rs 50 lakh has been earmarked for providing fair price support to
farmers when market prices fall below the base price. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Orland Press Register (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Traveling farmers market in works

BYLINE: Rick Longley, Orland Press Register, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 483 words


Oct. 7--A farmers market may be traveling around Glenn County next spring to
Willows, Orland and Hamilton City.

It will be called "Growing Glenn -- A County Farmers' Market," and should be
ready for the spring and summer of 2010.

The Glenn County Resource Conservation District applied for a $79,000 grant to
implement this project, and  the contract paperwork is expected to be signed
within a week or two.

RCD Manager Kandi Manhart reported to the Glenn County Board of Supervisors
Tuesday the grant is approved by the United States Department of Agriculture's
farmers market promotion program.

Her agency is one of 86 entities to receive this grant, she said.

The two--year grant will provide 10 percent to cover a part-time employee's time
while the program is developed along with money for promotional efforts,
marketing and so on.

She hopes a growers association will form to oversee the market and keep it
viable after the grant ends, which is a goal of the USDA program.

"This should provide a new producer and consumer relationship," she said, and
include partnerships with various agricultural and other agencies like the Women
Infant and Children (WIC) program and the UC Cooperative Extension Service.

In addition, the RCD wants to assist the Glenn County Agricultural
Commissioner's office when possible, she said. This agency monitors farmers
markets and organic growers in the county.

Manhart said she expects to go to Washington, D.C. in November for project
training.

Market locations have yet to be selected, she said, but they should rotate
between the three communities every few weeks during the spring and summer
market season.

Another goal is to involve youth organizations, schools and other groups into
the market to provide entertainment opportunities such as bands , she said.

Ideally, the market will develop into something that can fund itself, Manhart
said, after vendors are signed up and participating and customers are reached.

Supervisor Leigh McDaniel said he is pleased with the idea of sustainability
since that assists everyone.

"The Mom and Pop operations in my district that sell by the roadside are
excited," Supervisor John Viegas said.

He asked if they could get permits to go to the farmers market, and Agriculture
Commissioner Mark Black said his agency can certify them and issue a certificate
for a $10 fee.

It also will seal scales if growers use them to sell produce by the pound.

For more information, call 934--4601, ext. 120.

To see more of the Orland Press Register or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.orland-press-register.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Orland Press Register,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091007-YI-Traveling-farmers-market-in-works-1007

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YI


                                 Copyright 2009


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           November 20, 2012 Tuesday

Winter market offers harvest of fresh food

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; News; State

LENGTH: 560 words


All summer, Brooke and Bill Cordray bought fruit, vegetables, meat and eggs from
producers at the Downtown Farmers Market at Pioneer Park.

When the market closed in late October, "it was so hard to go back to the
regular grocery store," said Brooke.

But a new winter market that launched Saturday means the Salt Lake City couple
-- and dozens of other local shoppers -- can keep buying fresh food straight
from the source even during the off season.

At the inaugural winter market, sponsored by the Downtown Alliance, nearly three
dozen farmers and producers gathered inside the Rico Warehouse at 545 W. 700
South to sell apples, potatoes, onions, carrots, squash and tomatoes as well as
bread, pork, cheese, jam and granola. Several Salt Lake City food trucks were
parked outside, and live music kept the atmosphere festive.

The winter market will be held just once a month through April and will take
place at a different Salt Lake City location, said Alison Einerson, market
manager. The next "pop up" event will be Saturday, Dec. 15. The location will be
announced in a few weeks on the Downtown Alliance's website,
slcfarmersmarket.org and on Facebook and Twitter.

Earlier this year, the Downtown Alliance received a $90,000 grant from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Farmers Market Promotion Program to help establish a
new winter market. The money pays for, among other things, Einerson's part-time
salary and promotions. A large portion of the funds also will be used to train
farmers in winter-food production. The workshops, offered through Utah State
University Extension Services, will educate farmers on how to build hoop houses,
high tunnels and greenhouses as well as teach them the best plants for Utah's
climate and how to store late-harvest vegetables.

If the monthly market proves successful, the Downtown Alliance hopes to make it
a weekly event next winter, said Einerson. Eventually, the hope "is to have a
full year-round public market."

Salt Lake City Councilman Kyle LaMalfa, who helped start the People's Market and
is the chairman of the Redevelopment Agency, was impressed by Saturday's
turnout. "It proves that Salt Lake City is ready for year-round market," he
said.

The Utah State Fairpark is also offering a winter market on the first and third
Saturdays of each month through March.

On Saturday, it had fewer vendors and attendees than the crosstown event. But
Scott G. Smith, of Smith's Orchards in Provo, said the Fairpark's history as an
agricultural center and its proximity to the new TRAX line on North Temple --
scheduled to open in April -- make it an attractive market location.

"This is where my grandfather came to find out about the latest agriculture news
and inventions," he said. "It could easily become that again."

No matter where it's held, a winter market is a good solution for producers like
Julie Clifford, of Clifford Family Farm in Provo. She said once the summer
market ends, it's difficult to continue to sell her farm-raised eggs, honey,
pork and chickens.

"I have chickens that keep producing," she said, "so it's nice to stay in
contact with customers."

She's likely talking about customers such as Kim Cogsdil, of Salt Lake City, who
purchased potatoes, carrots, herbs, greens and decorative corn on Saturday.

"If it is a side dish for Thanksgiving," she said, "it's in one of these bags."

kathys@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 15, 2008 Saturday

EDITORIAL: Marketing the Farmers Market

BYLINE: The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 486 words


Mar. 15--Farmers will have a market in Wilson this summer to sell their fresh
produce, and consumers will have an alternative to pre-packaged, canned or
frozen shipped-in fruits and vegetables.

Wednesday's report that a deal was at hand to open a farmers market at the
Wilson County Fairgrounds will be welcomed by shoppers interested in fresh,
local produce and concerned about industrialized farming operations and food
shipped from who-knows-where. Farmers markets have found their place in many
cities across North Carolina, including some smaller than Wilson and without
Wilson County's heritage as an agricultural community.

But a sales job will be needed to lure shoppers to the fairgrounds on U.S. 301
in sufficient numbers to make the five hours of weekly selling worthwhile for
farmers. Some larger-scale produce farms in the area are likely to participate,
but smaller-scale vendors operating out of backyard gardens might also offer
their wares. Attracting and keeping customers will be a key to success.

The Wilson County Fairgrounds site has the advantage of size, traffic flow,
parking and available shelters and bathroom facilities. But for many Wilson
residents, the fairgrounds is outside of their normal commuting and shopping
routes. Few retail establishments, except antique dealers, are in the immediate
area to bring in traffic. The location in southeast Wilson is distant from the
rapidly growing residential sector in northwest Wilson.

A downtown location would have been preferable to bring more residents downtown
and to be a shorter drive for more Wilson residents, but no site was found
offering the space, parking, shelter and bathrooms that the fairgrounds has.

It will take more than fresh cantaloupes, succulent tomatoes, crisp butterbeans
and silky corn to attract customers and make the farmers market a success.
Participants will have to advertise the market's location and hours and go to
extra lengths to get the market established. A variety of advertising and
promotions will be necessary.

Past efforts to establish a farmers market failed because of lack of a
sufficient customer base. The farmers market must make itself known to the
public and be sure to have the products customers want when they arrive. Some
privately run produce stands have prospered in Wilson, mostly selling shipped
vegetables, by luring repeat customers with a consistent inventory of quality
produce.

The 2008 version of the Wilson Farmers Market can succeed, but it will be hard
work.

To see more of The Wilson Daily Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wilsondaily.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080315-ZW-EDITORIAL-Marketing-the-Farmers-Market-0315

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                                 Copyright 2008


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                            January 19, 2015 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Calendar: The next five days

SECTION: TODAY; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 400 words


MONDAY, JAN. 191:

30-3:30 p.m. Nanaimo Better Breathers monthly meeting at Beban park. Topic:
Grieving is a natural part of life. Speaker: Jeanne Fahlman, development
officer, Nanaimo Hospice programs. Contact Bernie at 250-753-2529.6:

30 p.m. Twice-monthly Nanaimo Lions Club meeting: Open invitation for a meal and
an evening of fellowship. Membership offers opportunity to socialize while
helping the less fortunate. Meetings first and third Mondays at Kiwanis Village.
1233 Kiwanis Cresc.

TUESDAY, JAN. 2010- 11 a.m.

Drop-in Play Group: Free weekly play groups for children 5 years and younger.
Hosted near the food court, in partnership with PacificCare Child Care Resource
and Referral.

1-2:30 p.m. Mid Island Tai Chi Health Promotion, Tuesdays and Thursdays. By
donation, Unity of Nanaimo, 2325 East Wellington Rd.

8:30-11 p.m. Country Idol. Have a killer voice? Have you always dreamed of being
onstage with a country band? Country Idol might just be the break you've been
looking for! $6 at the Queen's Hotel. 34 Victoria Cres.

WEDNESDAY, JAN. 21

12:30 and 6:30 p.m. Nanaimo Quilters Guild monthly meeting at Nanaimo Curling
Club, 106 Wall St.

3-6 p.m. Island Roots Farmers' Market. Nanaimo's only Winter Farmers' Market.
Now you can get delicious, high quality, local products all year round. Pleasant
Valley Hall, 6100 Dumont Rd.

7 p.m. Nanaimo Power Sail Squadron's Boating Essentials course starts. For
information and to register, contact Douglass Legg at douglasslegg@yahoo.ca or
250-325-7877. Late registration will be accepted.

7-9 p.m. Male and female actors, ages 16-60 needed for Nanaimo Theatre Group's
Bus Stop. Auditions: Bailey Studio, 2373 Rosstown Rd. For information:
nanaimotheatregroup.com, 250-758-7246.7- 9 p.m. The Amalgam-Eighters Square and
Round Dance Club, which dances at Costin Hall in Lantville, offers lessons at
Pleasant Valley School. Call Diane at 250-390-1899 for further information on
the event.

7-9 p.m. Tango lessons upstairs at Fibber Magees pub, each Wednesday night. A
fun way to get good exercise. Head to 131 Selby St.

THURSDAY, JAN. 221- 2:30 p.m.

Mid Island Tai Chi Health Promotion, Tuesdays and Thursdays. By donation, Unity
of Nanaimo, 2325 East Wellington Rd.

7-9:30 p.m. The 2015 Nanaimo Bike Information Night at Bowen Park Complex
includes city staff updates on a variety of topics such as the EN trail
extention, safe routes to school and Bike To Work Week.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Canadian Press Photo; Flowers laid for wounded mounties in Alberta
Flowers are placed by concerned citizens in a snow bank near the St. Alberta
RCMP detachment in St. Albert, Alta., on Sunday. Two RCMP officers were shot by
Shawn Rehn, who fled the scene and was later found dead in a residence near St.
Albert.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday

Make summertime real food time with the kids

BYLINE: By Sarah Bohannon Center for Nutrition and Activity Promotion, Chico
State University

SECTION: FEATURES

LENGTH: 714 words


It's that time of year again: no more alarm clocks, homework's all in and
everyone's yearbooks are being signed, "Have a great summer!"

While kids are celebrating, parents may be feeling less jovial because they know
the coming of summer means they'll need a plan for some off-season structure
making sure there's more than just texting or gaming on the menu. My suggestion:
Make this summer about food.

Summer's relaxed pace and its abundance of warm-season fruits and vegetables
makes it the ideal time to put healthful eating front and center. Even better,
many food-focused activities can be enjoyed by parents and kids together. Here
are some great ways for your family to put the focus on real food this summer.

Get cooking

Research shows the more time kids spend in the kitchen, the healthier their
eating habits. Busy parents may shrink from the very thought of serious kitchen
time with the kiddos. But meals don't need to be big-to-dos and your child
doesn't need to help with every task. Peeling potatoes or grating cheese for a
family dinner is a great way to get younger children involved with cooking, and
showing them how to fix a healthy snack is a quick way to familiarize them with
new foods.

If you're completely strapped for time this summer, enroll your child in cooking
camp. Chico has several cooking camps to choose from, including Camp Cuisine put
on by Chico Area Recreation and Park District ($169) and LEAP Into Summer hosted
by Chico State University's Center for Nutrition and Activity Promotion ($100).

Just remember: the how of getting your kid into the kitchen isn't as important
as getting them into the kitchen. Even something as simple as cooking up a
weekend picnic can spark your child's culinary curiosity.

For more about Chico area summer cooking camps, parks, and picnic areas visit:
www.chicorec.com .

Get gardening

Kids love vegetables   at least when they're the ones who grow them.

Gardening get kids excited about eating fruits and vegetables, and also gives
your family easy access to fresh, healthy produce that can be added to any
favorite meal.

If you're not sure where to start with a garden, visit the farmers' market.
Plant vendors, like Sherri Scott of GRUB Grown, can get you going. Have
picky-eaters? Plant vendors can help with that too. Scott recommends planting
sweet-tasting vegetables like "Sungold" tomatoes or chocolate mint.

Don't feel limited if you have limited space. A quick Internet search will yield
bushels of small-space gardening ideas. You'll be surprised by the abundance a
windowsill or potted patio garden can produce. Signing up for a community garden
is another option.

For a full list of farmers' markets and community gardens visit:
www.cultivatingcommunity.org

Get prepared

The best way to keep your child snacking healthy this summer is keeping healthy
snacks around. Ditch the standard high-carb, high- salt, high-sugar and
high-priced boxed and bagged snacks for these quick-and-easy homemade dips that
are tasty and a lot more down-to-earth.

Yield: 7.5 servings

Serving size: 1c2 cup

Time: 20 minutes

Ingredients:

2 Granny Smith apples (or any sour apple)

2 Pink Lady apples

3c4 of a lemon juiced

2 Jalapenos

1 Anaheim pepper

1c4 large yellow onion

1c4 cup cilantro

1c4 cup pecans, toasted

1/3 cup fresh mint

1c4 teaspoon salt

Directions:

1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Roast pecans on sheet pan in

oven for about 10 minutes.

2. Core and finely dice apples. Toss apples with lemon juice as

you chop to prevent browning.

3. Cut peppers in half, remove seeds and chop finely. Wash

hands and be careful not to touch eyes.

4. Finely dice onions. Chop cilantro, mint and pecans.

5. Toss all ingredients into large bowl.

Yield: 3.25

Serving size: 1c2 cup

Time: 15 minutes

Ingredients:

1 can (16 oz.) white beans

2 cloves garlic, peeled

3c4 cup cilantro

1c2 jalapeno

1c4 teaspoon salt

1 1c2 teaspoon chili powder

1c2 teaspoon cumin

1 1c2 Tablespoon olive oil

1c2 lemon

Directions:

1. Drain beans and rinse thoroughly with cold water.

2. Halve the jalapeno, remove seeds and cut into small pieces.

3. Puree garlic, cilantro, jalapeno and spices in food processor or

blender.

4. Drizzle in olive oil.

5. Juice both lemons into food processor or blender.

6. Add half the beans and pulse until smooth.

7. Add remainder of beans and pulse again until smooth. Enjoy!

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mexican white bean hummus with cucumbers, and apple salsa with cinnamon
raison flavored raincoast crisps. Suggested dippers include tortilla chips, pita
chips and crackers or cut-up veggies like bell peppers, carrots or snap peas.
Picky eater tip: Pair new foods with foods your child already likes. For
example, If you think your child will shrink at the sight of hummu, try pairing
it with a chip or cracker she already frequently eats.
A not-so-deviled egg that has Mexican white bean hummus as filling instead of
egg yolks and mayo.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 30, 2014 Friday

Delaware: GOVERNOR MARKELL PRESENTS FIVE DELAWARE MUNICIPALITIES WITH
RECOGNITION FOR COMMUNITY HEALTH PROMOTION

LENGTH: 2601  words

DATELINE: Dover


Department of Health and Social Services, The State of Delaware has issued the
following news release:

For championing the health and well-being of their communities, five Delaware
municipalities tonight received the Delaware Recognition for Community Health
Promotion from Governor Jack Markell. The ceremony was held at the Sewell C.
Biggs Museum in downtown Dover.

The Governor's Council on Health Promotion and Disease Prevention and the
Delaware Coalition for Healthy Eating and Active Living (DE HEAL) recognized the
cities of Dover, Newark and Seaford and the towns of Fenwick Island and Smyrna.

"By focusing on the importance of wellness, we can make great strides in
preventing chronic diseases such as diabetes, cancer and obesity," said Governor
Jack Markell. "Healthy communities play a vital role by promoting healthy
behaviors such as physical activity, healthy eating, and avoiding tobacco, and
they help ensure people with limited mobility and disabilities receive needed
services."

"These municipalities set fine examples of engaging community members to lead
healthier lifestyles," said Rita Landgraf, secretary of Delaware Health and
Social Services (DHSS). "Nearly two-thirds of Delaware adults and more than a
third of Delaware's children have an unhealthy weight, and the state's diabetes
incidence rate is also rising."

Municipal applications were scored based on self-reported assessments of efforts
to enhance access to services, encourage positive behavioral changes and improve
community health. Healthy efforts demonstrate effective planning and
implementing best practices and/or creative and visionary programs to improve
physical activity, nutrition/healthy eating, tobacco-free lifestyles, healthy
environments and healthy lifestyles and to integrate the needs of individuals
with limited mobility and disabilities in neighborhoods, schools and workplaces.

"People's health is impacted by much more than just a regular visit to the
doctor. For every dollar spent on preventing chronic disease, we save $5.60 in
health care costs," said Dr. Karyl Rattay, director of Delaware Division of
Public Health. "Under the leadership of these communities, Delaware is building
a truly healthy infrastructure that will benefit the state for years to come."

City of Newark (Gold Level)

The City of Newark's Comprehensive Development Plan promotes a specific vision
of Newark as a "Healthy and Active Community" by providing "safe infrastructure
and amenities to allow opportunities for a healthy and active lifestyle." The
Newark Bike Committee, University of Delaware, Parks and Recreation and the City
Manager's Office are developing active living programs and safer and more
accessible walking and biking trails and paths. The City affirmed its commitment
to creating non-motorized transportation connectivity by pursuing the
development of sharrow roads (roads shared by motorized and non-motorized
vehicles), and by passing anti-idling legislation.

In 2013, the City completed the Pomeroy Rail Trail and began the Curtis Mill
project, designed to create and maintain more passive, open walking space in the
community. The Newark City Council adopted the 2014 Newark Bicycle Plan that
uses an approach modeled on the League of American Bicyclists' "Bicycle Friendly
Community" program. New cycling initiatives include bike safety checks and free
helmets for residents, and the Newark Bike Project that upgrades and re-purposes
old bikes. The City is reevaluating its subdivision regulations so more bike
racks can be installed.

Also in 2013, the City of Newark launched its Healthy Newark Initiatives,
including the Main Street Mile, the Nefaski Walk, a triathlon, a 5K Turkey Trot,
and under-500 calorie menu options. Its Parks and Recreation office completed a
new skate park. At the start of 2014, the Parks and Recreation office also
promoted the State of Delaware's "31 Days to a Healthier You" challenge,
launched by Governor Markell at a Newark fitness center.

The Christina School District has a district-wide wellness policy and more than
75 percent of its schools are implementing the Healthier U.S. Schools Challenge.
Students are encouraged to participate in city fitness events with their parents
and Walk to School Day. The district established criteria for the availability
of healthy food and drink options at school-sponsored events, parties and
fundraisers. Downtown Newark provides housing, employment, services and
entertainment within walking and bicycling distance of the University of
Delaware's main campus. One downtown business, the Newark Natural Foods Co-op,
provides local, organic and all-natural food choices and hosts weekly farmers
markets during the summer. A Harvest Festival and Community Day promotes local
farmers.

City of Dover (Bronze Level)

The City of Dover's Comprehensive Plan and city ordinances create the policies
that improve bicycle and pedestrian friendliness while ensuring that high
density residential development is located in areas within walking distance to
goods and services. The City's development review process includes bike lanes,
sidewalks/multi-use paths, and bicycle parking to support non-motorized
transportation in projects, all in close coordination with the Delaware
Department of Transportation (DelDOT). The City's Zoning Ordinance and plan
review process include landscaping and architectural review standards that
contribute to pleasant environments for pedestrians and cyclists.

The City applied for the Bicycle Friendly Community designation through the
League of American Bicyclists and received honorable mention in fall 2013. The
feedback is being used to improve Dover's bicycle and pedestrian network and
programming. The Kent County Regional Bike Plan began a regional bikeability
assessment and those findings will be used in the Bicycle Plan for Dover, under
development by the Dover/Kent County Metropolitan Planning Organization. A
Bicycle and Pedestrian Subcommittee advises staff and the Safety Advisory and
Transportation Committee about how to improve bicycle and pedestrian amenities.

The second phase of the Capital City Trail, an off-road path system, is nearing
construction. It will connect Silver Lake Park and downtown Dover with the
Isaacs Branch Trail that begins along Public Safety Boulevard. The Capital
School District worked with DelDOT and the City to ensure that students can
safely walk to the new Dover High School when it opens in August 2014. The City
successfully advocated with the Dover City Council and legislators for critical
sidewalk segments and a pedestrian-activated signal at Route 8.

In the summer of 2013, the City and the Downtown Dover Partnership hosted a
successful farmer's market which will continue in 2014. Also in the past year,
the City of Dover began offering more lunchtime and early-morning fitness
classes. A new fitness pass program allows flexibility for people who want to
attend classes without registering for a specific one. To improve physical
activity among youth, the City's Sports Coordinator and the Dover High School
Athletic Director are collaborating more often on sports clinics and camps,
including a wrestling clinic for elementary school students and a football
clinic for middle school districts, both of which were very popular. The City is
working with the YMCA of Dover to develop clinics for novice cyclists and
joggers. It is also reaching out to other partner recreation providers,
including Delaware Senior Olympics, Delaware Special Olympics, Delaware State
University and Wesley College, through bi-monthly meetings. Through a
partnership with Delaware Senior Olympics, the City developed an indoor drop-in
softball program for seniors.

Town of Smyrna (Bronze Level)

Smyrna's Comprehensive Plan recommends compact forms of development with a
mixture of uses, constructed close to the street, that encourage walkability and
interconnectivity of compatible, adjacent uses. Recent zoning amendments create
an attractive streetscape that provides visual interest and offers a pleasing,
pedestrian-friendly environment to uphold Smyrna's walkable downtown. The Town
is adopting a new commercial zoning district that reflects these same themes.
The Town seeks state and/or federal funding to construct a new sidewalk system
that connects neighborhoods while providing a stable, unobstructed surface for
residents, especially those with mobility challenges.

Along the newly constructed 1.5-mile Bicycle and Walking Trail, located behind
the Smyrna High School, the Town is installing new energy-efficient LED
lighting. This improvement enhances safety and makes the trail more welcoming
during evening hours. Like other Town facilities, the trail is smoke-free.

For the students of North Smyrna Elementary School, the Town, DelDOT and the
Smyrna School District made capital improvements such as new sidewalks and
crosswalks. Physical Education teachers throughout the district involved all
students in healthy walks around the schools and taught students how to use
pedometers. Smyrna's Rt. 13 Corridor Plan promotes greater connectivity,
walkability and sharrows/bike lanes to encourage physical activity instead of
only traditional vehicular travel. In partnership with DelDOT, the Town had one
of its busiest roadways, Carter Road, equipped with bike lanes.

In addition, 2014 marks the third consecutive year of the Smyrna Farmers Market,
a partnership between the Town and the Smyrna Downtown Renaissance Association.
The Smyrna School District actively participates in the State's Farm to School
Program and incorporates local agricultural products into school menus. The Town
is conversing with Kent County government and others about the development of
community gardens and food innovation districts. The Smyrna Public Library,
owned and operated by the Town, partners with Delaware State University's and
the University of Delaware's Cooperative Extension programs to provide classes
about healthy eating habits, preparing nutritious meals and stretching the
family food budget to include fresh, healthy selections.


City of Seaford (Bronze Level)

In the past year, the Seaford community established the Seaford Walks program.
Walking Club leaders set the dates, times and locations for when their clubs
will walk and publicize on the city's website and through social media. Club
leaders agree to walk the same course each week or to rotate courses. Active
participants are entered in a weekly drawing for various prizes.

Seaford has established three walking trails: the Soroptimist Park Walking
Trail, the Jays Nest Trail (a sidewalk loop at the Sports Complex) and the
Hooper's Landing Fitness Trail, installed in 2014 around the municipal golf
course at the Sports Complex. The Hooper's Landing Trail is well-marked and
promoted for use as a walking and running 5K venue. Through the Safe Routes to
School Initiative, the Seaford Middle School has allocated funding for the
consulting, design and construction of safer walking paths for students going to
and from school.

During the summer, the Seaford community visits the popular Western Sussex
Farmers Market. The Sussex County Health Promotion Coalition also provided an
organic farmers market at the Anna C. Shipley State Service Center to those who
may not otherwise have access. For low-income families, the Coalition provides
farm-to-table meals with healthy dollar dinners.

The City is one of the five founding members of the Western Sussex Worksite
Wellness Program. Businesses can join this program at a low cost and promote and
provide healthy living options for their employees. The employee pays nothing to
participate and their spouses can participate at a low cost. The Sussex County
Health Promotion Coalition, Nanticoke Memorial Hospital and La Red Health Center
are very proactive in increasing and improving healthy lifestyles within the
Seaford community.

Town of Fenwick Island (Special Recognition for a Small Municipality) Before the
2013 summer season, the Town of Fenwick Island passed a no-smoking ordinance for
its two parks and its one-mile public beach, which allows activities including
swimming, body surfing, running, flying kites, and playing volleyball. The
Environmental Committee meets every other month to discuss environmental
policies that promote healthy lifestyles and reduce pollution. The Ad Hoc Parks
Committee planned Cannon Street Park and secured the park grant for its
development, which includes a basketball court and a kayak launch that is
compliant with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). For beach
accessibility, the Town approved the allocation of over $100,000 for ADA beach
mats, called Mobimats, on every dune crossing. The Fenwick Island Beach Patrol
purchased and maintains three ADA beach wheelchairs for access to the beach and
ocean.

Walkability is an important town feature. The Town of Fenwick Island's
Comprehensive Plan, Code and municipal ordinances encourage interconnectivity.
The Plan recommends the installation of sidewalks along Route 1 to increase
pedestrian safety. A 2002 Pedestrian Plan assists the Town and DelDOT to
identify feasible Route 1 crossing solutions for pedestrians and bicyclists. The
Town is studying the feasibility of requiring commercial property owners to
install sidewalks for new construction and major renovation projects. Town
officials adopted a Parks Zone designed for parks and recreation.

Local vendors sponsor tours and lessons for a variety of water sports, such as
surfing, kayaking and paddle boarding. The Fenwick Island Fishing Club sponsors
fishing expeditions for adults and children. Children can register for basic or
advanced junior lifeguarding, sponsored by the Fenwick Island Beach Patrol. At a
Bike Safety Day, the Sussex Cyclists, the Fenwick Island Police Department, town
staff and community volunteers distributed bike helmets and lights and safety
literature. Another volunteer-run activity is the Fenwick Island Turkey Trot,
held every Thanksgiving morning.

The Town sponsors three Fenwick Flicks (movie nights on the beach) with the
Bethany-Fenwick Chamber of Commerce, where tobacco-free information is given to
movie-goers. A Farmers Market along Route 1 is open every Friday from 8:00 a.m.
to 11:00 a.m. during the summer season.

For more information call the Delaware Division of Public Health's Health
Promotion and Disease Prevention Section: 302-744-1010.

The event was co-sponsored by the Governor's Council on Health Promotion and
Disease Prevention, DE HEAL, Delaware Greenways, the University of Delaware's
Institute for Public Administration, Nemours Health and Prevention Services,
DHSS, the Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control,
and the Delaware Office of State Planning Coordination.

Delaware Health and Social Services is committed to improving the quality of the
lives of Delaware's citizens by promoting health and well-being, fostering
self-sufficiency, and protecting vulnerable populations. DPH, a division of
DHSS, urges Delawareans to make healthier choices with the 5-2-1 Almost None
campaign: eat 5 or more fruits and vegetables each day, have no more than 2
hours of recreational screen time each day (includes TV, computer, gaming), get
1 or more hours of physical activity each day, and drink almost no sugary
beverages.

Delaware Health and Social Services is committed to improving the quality of the
lives of Delaware's citizens by promoting health and well-being, fostering
self-sufficiency, and protecting vulnerable populations.

For further information please visit: http://www.dhss.delaware.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald-Tribune (Batesville, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 5, 2012 Friday

FGA offers a healthy choice

BYLINE: Diane Raver, The Herald-Tribune, Batesville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 606 words


Oct. 05--The Food and Growers Association of Laughery Valley and Environs held
its annual meeting, with the theme "Celebration of Local Food" Sept. 20 at The
Butcher Shoppe Bar and Grill at Walhill Farm. Fresh local produce and meat were
on the menu.

President Kathy Cooley told the 50 attendees about the group's accomplishments
over the past year.

"FGA was highlighted in the report 'Hoosier Farmer: Emergent Food Systems in
Indiana' .... Indiana's food industry is experiencing changes. Bloomington has a
booming farmers' market. It started there, and now people all over Indiana seek
to see the farmer and where their food comes from. Over 100 communities support
farmers' markets."

A food safety workshop and growers' seminar, along with a farmers' market
breakfast and kids' day were also held in Batesville.

"We have a very active school garden program. We now have gardens at six
schools. It's an incredible way to get kids excited about food." She announced
several area restaurants, Batesville High School and Margaret Mary Community
Hospital's employee cafeteria are serving local produce and/or meat.

Cooley thanked MMCH, which "has been very supportive of FGA since its inception.
It looks at this as a health promotion."

Looking to the future, the president stressed, "We have big goals and few
people. We hope to get more folks serving on our board, and we're working on
getting grant money."

Sister Marge Wissman and Anne Baran gave an update on the Batesville Area
Ministerial Association Food Pantry. Wissman explained why people come to the
pantry.

"Sometimes they come into a one-time problem, like their place of work closed
down for a week ....

"Most clients who do come to us do have jobs. The problems may be their hours
were cut, they're making minimum wage or had to take off for medical problems.
Some have husbands in the military. Some come because they just lost their jobs.
Some come because they have mental or physical problems and are unable to work.

"I do the assistance program and help them pay for rent and electricity. We do
not pay to fix cars or pay for cell phones, TVs or the Internet."

Baran notes, "Our clients live in the Batesville Community School Corp. When
they come in, they sign a sheet  and are given a card to indicate how many
people are in their family.

"We're a client-choice pantry, meaning they get to choose (food items), which
means far less waste.

"The various churches have been great staffing the pantry .... (and) the people
of Batesville have been absolutely great about donating. We also get government
commodities."

"The Herald-Tribune and WRBI have been very good about getting the word out to
people."

Baran also thanked the Ripley County Community Foundation for several large
grants.

"As good as it is to get the canned and boxed food, what they really do
appreciate is the fresh produce. They just love it. However, they don't always
know what to do with the produce, so we swap recipes so they can start eating
things they would never consider eating before.

"We use everything that's donated, but we still have to buy things you wouldn't
think of," she revealed.

Persons wishing to donate items can drop them off at the pantry, located at 120
Sycamore St., Wednesdays from noon-4 p.m.

Tax-deductible monetary contributions can be sent to Batesville Area Ministerial
Association, P.O. Box 383, Batesville, IN 47006.

Diane Raver can be contacted at 812-934-4343, Ext. 114; or diane.raver@
batesvilleheraldtribune.com.

___ (c)2012 The Herald-Tribune (Batesville, Ind.) Visit The Herald-Tribune
(Batesville, Ind.) at www.batesvilleheraldtribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121005-HZ-FGA-offers-a-healthy-choice-1005-20121005

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HZ


                       Copyright 2012 The Herald-Tribune


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Salem News (Beverly, Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 21, 2010 Thursday

Farmers market eyes winter season

BYLINE: Tom Dalton, The Salem News, Beverly, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 466 words


Oct. 21--SALEM -- Today is the final day of the Salem Farmers' Market.

But it doesn't have to be.

Due to the growing popularity of local markets selling local produce, more
communities across the state are extending the season with so-called "winter
markets" that run through the fall and, sometimes, into the winter months.

On the North Shore, Newburyport has a market that is open in November and
December. Now, there is talk of a winter market in Salem in 2011.

"It's something we're interested in," said Jennifer Bell, the manager of Salem
Main Streets, which oversees the farmers market with the help of a citizen
committee. That committee will meet next month to discuss running the outdoor
market, which starts in June, into November or December next year.

"We're hoping to make a final decision at our meeting in November," she said.

In its second year, the Salem Farmers' Market drew more than 40,000 shoppers, an
increase over its successful first year.

Both customers and farmers have raised the idea of a winter market, Bell said.

Bill Clark, owner of Clark Farm in Danvers, said he might be interested.

"If they want to do it, I'd look into it," he said. "It would be mostly greens.
We wouldn't have tomatoes and cucumbers or things that need hot weather. ... If
I do it, I'll be placing these hoop houses (i.e., portable greenhouses) over
raised beds."

After its success last year, Maitland Mountain Farm in Salem sold eggs right
through last winter.

"They actually signed up a lot of people last year who were sorry to see the
market end," Bell said.

Farmers have told Bell they could sell apples, squash, radishes, chard, Brussels
sprouts, beets and lots of greens that can be grown in cooler weather. There
also has been talk of more fish and baked goods.

It's a surprise, in a way, that Salem is considering this option after business
sagged significantly during October last year. But the farmers decided to stick
with it, Bell said, and with more advertising and promotion, many more shoppers
came this October despite the colder weather and Halloween crowds.

If they decide to proceed, the Salem Farmers' Market committee likely would
survey shoppers to see if there is interest.

Bell said they also would talk to the city about using stalls in Artists Row
along Front Street or possibly Old Town Hall, which is being managed by Gordon
College.

To see more of The Salem News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.salemnews.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Salem News, Beverly, Mass.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101021-ZS-Farmers-market-eyes-winter-season-1021-20101021

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZS


                         Copyright 2010 The Salem News


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             June 23, 2007 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Outdoor activites

SECTION: X; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1548 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


Biking or hiking, swimming or shopping, Lincoln has an outdoor adventure for you

Farmers markets

* Historic Haymarket Farmers Market

Lincoln's most popular farmers market is expanding this year to allow more
vendors in. The market opened the first Saturday in May along Seventh and P
streets encircling the Lincoln Station train depot. Beginning in mid-June
through mid-August, the market expanded to Eighth Street between P and Q
streets. The market is open Saturdays from 8 a.m. to noon, from May to the
second Saturday in October. It attracts more than 100 vendors each weekend,
selling farm-fresh produce and meats, flowers, herbs, crafts and snacks. For
more information call the Haymarket business office at 435-7496.

* Old Cheney Road Farmers' Market'

Open for its second full season, the market runs from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. every
Sunday from the first Sunday in May through the last Sunday in October at the
tree-lined Old Cheney Center parking lot at 55th Street and Old Cheney Road.
About 50 vendors sell in-season vegetables, farm eggs, meat, fish, jellies and
jams, baked goods, flowers, crafts and snacks. Call 613-0088 for more
information.

* Piedmont Farmers' Market

This is a smaller market at the Piedmont Shops near South Cotner Boulevard and A
Street. The market opens in May and runs from 8 a.m. to noon every Saturday
through the end of October. About a dozen vendors sell produce, flowers and
plants, baked goods and crafts. Call Sunrise Coffee at 489-1720 for more
information.

* Jazz in June Market

A small open-air market is held in conjunction with Lincoln's Jazz in June
concert series outside Sheldon Memorial Art Gallery. The market begins at 5 p.m.
each Tuesday in June and runs through the end of the intermission. Vendors are
located on 12th Street between Q and R streets and on R Street between 12th and
13th streets.

For a complete guide to farmers markets, produce stands and you-pick operations
statewide, call the state Department of Agriculture Ag Promotion Development
Division, at (800) 422-6692, or visit www.agr.ne.gov/pub/apd/produce.htm.

Pools

When the heat is on, cool off at one of the city's swimming pools. To locate the
pool nearest you, call the Parks and Recreation Department, 441-7960, or visit
www.lincoln.ne.gov/city/parks/rec/index.htm. Pools open after Lincoln Public
Schools classes end and close just before classes resume. No swimming is allowed
in city park lakes. Children 6 and younger must be accompanied by a person 16 or
older. Season passes are available.

* Public pools

Lessons are co-sponsored by the Lincoln Parks and Recreation Department and the
Lancaster County Red Cross. For more information, call 441-6383. Also available
are swimming and diving teams for youths 6-18 and "Night Splash" swimming
events. All city pools are available for after-pool-hours rental. Each pool does
its own scheduling and can provide rate and time details.

Arnold Heights, 4000 N.W. 46th St., 441-7829

Ballard, 3901 N. 66th St., 441-7898

Belmont, 1245 Manatt St., 441-7826

Eden Park, 4400 Antelope Creek Road, 441-7827

Irvingdale, 1900 Van Dorn St., 441-7828

Kuklin Park, 2300 N St., 441-7897

Meadow Heights, 900 W. Avon Lane, 441-7833

Woods Memorial, 3200 J St., 441-7782

* Public aquatic centers

Lincoln's aquatic centers have zero depth entry, providing a shoreline effect,
and are fully accessible. Additional fees are charged for use of coupons and
season passes at the aquatic centers.

Star City Shores Water Park, 4375 S. 33rd Court, 441-6670  Offers water play and
sand play areas.

Highland Aquatics Center, 5511 N.W. 12th St., 441-7800  Highland features a drop
slide and other amenities.

University Place Aquatics Center, 2000 N. 48th St., 441-7834  University Place
has a drop slide and other water and play areas.

Parks and Recreation

Lincoln Parks and Recreation Department offers a variety of recreational
activities for adults and children. For general information, call 441-7847 or
see www.lincoln.ne.gov/city/parks.

Sailing  Small sailboats and canoes are permitted at Oak, Holmes and Bowling
lakes. Ice skating is allowed at Oak and Holmes Lake. For more information, call
441-8264.

Tennis  Tennis courts are available throughout the city. Play year-round at the
bubble-enclosed courts at Woods Park.

Entertainment  Concerts are staged from 7 p.m. to 8 p.m. Friday to Sunday from
June 1 to Aug. 26 at the Antelope Park-John Shildneck Band Shell. For
information regarding performances, call 441-7877 or visit
www.lincoln.ne.gov/city/parks.

Stargazing  Telescopes offer stellar views at Hyde Memorial Observatory at
Holmes Park. Open from sundown to 11 p.m. Saturdays from March through October
and 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. November through February. Call 441-7895 to schedule
reservations, 441-7094 for current sky information. www.hydeobservatory.info.

Horseback riding  Equestrian trails are located in Pioneers and Wilderness
parks.

Shooting  An indoor rifle and pistol range is on the west side of N. 10th St.
near Military Road. Group shooting is available for groups of up to 15, ages 8
and up. Call 441-6789 for more information.

Playgrounds  Many city parks have outdoor children's playgrounds, including a
large, colorful playground accessible to all children - including those of all
abilities - at Antelope Park. Antelope also offers an indoor playground in the
Ager Building at 27th and B streets. The playground's summer hours are 9:30 a.m.
to 5 p.m. Monday through Friday with weekend closures for private parties. It is
open on weekends after summer. The entrance fee is $2.25 per person per session.
Infants younger than 1 year old are free. The play structure is designed for
children older than 3 years old and under 4 feet tall. Birthday parties are
allowed in the party rooms. Call 441-6788 for reservations.

Many special activities are available for all ages, including music camps and
performing groups, nontraditional teen learning programs, dance and walking
clubs, tiny-tot activities, arts and crafts, marksmanship, community outreach
programs and fitness and sports lessons. Call 441-7847 for general information.

Adaptive programs for individuals of all ages with special needs are available
through Auld Center, 1650 Memorial Drive. Events include social clubs, a day
camp, an art camp and bowling. Call 441-7877 or see
www.lincoln.ne.gov/city/parks.

Trails

Lincoln's trails offer a nice place for a stroll, a bike ride or a dog walk.
Lincoln has one of the largest and best trail systems in Nebraska and the
nation. For a Lincoln trails map, contact the Parks and Recreation Department at
441-7847 or visit www.lincoln.ne.gov/city/parks/parks/trails.

* Lincoln trails

MoPak Trail, Lincoln's longest trail, travels through almost the entire city,
connecting the University of Nebraska-Lincoln with businesses, neighborhoods and
the Lincoln countryside. The concrete city portion extends from Peter Pan Park
at 33rd and Y streets to the Novartis Trailhead near 84th Street and Hazelwood
Drive. The limestone trail continues east 25 miles through Walton, Eagle,
Elmwood and ends near Wabash. A section of the trail from 19th to Vine streets
will be completed by July 1. A bridge over 27th Street will be completed in fall
2008.

The Rock Island Trail, 19th and Vine streets to Densmore Park, winds past
Children's Zoo and Sunken Gardens and bridges over Nebraska 2, 27th Street and
14th Street.

Helen Boosalis Trail, intersects the Rock Island Trail, running from 17th Street
to Old Cheney Road and Nebraska 2.

John D. Dietrich Trail, 21st and Holdrege streets to 48th and Fremont streets
with a connection to the Murdock Trail.

Billy Wolff Trail, from about 27th and A streets to Holmes Lake.

Highlands Trail, three miles from Highlands Boulevard and Northwest 12th Street
through Highlands Park.

Murdock Trail, 48th Street and Colfax Avenue to 112th Street.

Bison Trail, a one and a half mile-long trail from about Ninth and Van Dorn
streets to Pioneers Park.

Oak Lake Trail, from the Haymarket along the south side of Oak Lake and north to
First Street and Cornhusker Highway.

Salt Creek Levee Trail, from Sun Valley Boulevard and Charleston Street to
Wilderness Park.

Tierra-Williamsburg Trail, a one-mile trail that extends from Tierra Park just
south of 27th Street and Nebraska 2 to Williamsburg Park.

The 84th Street Trail runs from Mahoney Park on the north to Old Cheney Road on
the south.

Haymarket Trail runs from the south side of the bridge north to the Salt Creek
Levee Trail.

Old Cheney Trail extends from 14th Street to 84th Street.

* Scenic riding

The Lower Platte South Natural Resources District has a limestone trail along
Salt Creek from Calvert Street to Capitol Parkway West.

Pioneers Park Nature Center has more than eight miles of hiking trails on 668
acres of land. The park itself has an additional four miles of trails.

Wilderness Park on Lincoln's southwest side has 22 miles of hiking, biking and
equestrian trails as well as the Jamaica North Trail, a six and a half-mile
limestone trail starting at the north end of the park on the abandoned Union
Pacific Railroad bed.

* Fitness trail

Tierra Park has two miles of trails and a 20-station fitness trail at 27th
Street and Tierra Drive.

Antelope Valley Trail, N Street to Holdrege Street.

The Holdrege Trail along the north side of the university campus from 10th to
17th streets.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jim Cook talks with a customer while grilling pork kebabs at the Hula
Shack stand at the Farmers Market in the Haymarket. MICHAEL McNAMARA/Lincoln
Journal Star

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 2011 Hamline Journal of Public Law & Policy
                     Hamline Journal of Public Law & Policy

                                   Fall, 2011

                     Hamline Journal of Public Law & Policy

                        33 Hamline J. Pub. L. & Pol'y 49

LENGTH: 26918 words

SPRING 2011 FOOD AND AGRICULTURAL LAW SYMPOSIUM: Small Producers, Big Hurdles:
Barriers Facing Producers of "Local Foods"

NAME: Nicholas R. Johnson n1 and A. Bryan Endres n2

TEXT:
 [*49]

   I. Introduction

 Successive iterations of federal farm policy designed to maximize production
have driven the romanticized Jeffersonian idea of the family farmer to the brink
of extinction. Recent consumer recognition of the varied attributes of a more
localized food system, and nascent state-level support for this form of small
business development, however, may rejuvenate the prospects of small farm
viability. On the production side, some farmers are welcoming alternative
marketing arrangements such as direct-farm sales not only as a way to secure
increased financial returns, but also to regain control over the
tightly-integrated, top-down, corporate-driven system of commodity purchasing,
production and processing that controls the modern food supply chain from the
farm inputs to the consumer's fork. A complicated and inconsistently enforced
system of federal, state and local food regulations, however, stands in the way
of more robust localized food systems by creating barriers that drive up
compliance costs and insert producer uncertainty into business planning and
operations. This paper analyzes these legal barriers and recommends a range of
strategies, from state cottage food bills n3 to  [*50]  increased educational
outreach directed at the farming community that can help small farmers overcome
barriers, entry and expansion into the local foods movement.

   II. The Industrialization of Food

 Over the last one hundred years, the country's model of agricultural food
production has undergone sweeping change. At the turn of the twentieth century,
farms were the quintessential small business - an independently-owned entity
that sank or swam primarily based on the skill, knowledge, and work ethic of the
families who operated them. n4 Thriving small farms constituted the backbone of
local communities nestled within the vast green fields surrounding their borders
- not only economically (in the form of grocery and general stores, grain and
implement dealers, and so on) but also socially (in the form of churches,
schools, county fairs, and other social events). n5 Thus, "in this social and
economic context, the household, the community, and the economy were tightly
bound up with one another." n6 By the turn of the twenty-first century, however,
a very different model of food production had emerged. This new model of
"industrialized agriculture" n7 has severed ties  [*51]  between farmer and
community, replacing them with a vast, highly structured food system that is
increasingly dependent on mechanized production and economies of scale to supply
an expanding population in both the U.S. and the world with an increasing amount
of processed food. n8

   The declining number of farms in the United States provides one piece of
evidence of the consolidation in today's food production system, n9 and the
farms that remain keep getting bigger. In 1910, the average farm size in the
United States was 138 acres, but that has nearly quadrupled to over 500 acres by
2004. n10 Even more remarkable is the explosive growth of the farms at the very
top of the production scale. Between 1974 and 1997, the number of  [*52]  farms
with average sales over $ 500,000 increased just over 600% while the total
number of farms decreased approximately 17%. n11

   Finally, these large-scale farms are no longer dispersed throughout the
country but are instead clustered together in certain regions of the country.
For example, California's Salinas Valley is called the nation's "salad bowl" for
a reason: in 2007, it produced 84% of the head lettuce grown for U.S.
consumption. n12 As farms have gotten larger, they've also reduced the variety
of crops grown on their acreage. For example, in 1910, almost 90% of farms in
the United States raised poultry, more than 80% had cattle, 70% raised hogs, and
almost 80% grew vegetables. n13 By 1997, those numbers had dropped drastically:
only 5% of farmers reported raising poultry, 6% raised dairy cattle, fewer than
6% raised hogs, and only 2.8% grew vegetables. n14

   These numbers suggest that agricultural production is becoming increasingly
consolidated, as big, single-crop farms supply an increasing percentage of the
nation's food. n15 Consolidation isn't a new theme in the supply chain that
brings food to consumers' tables; in fact, it's been occurring in most sectors
of the agricultural economy. n16 But what's remarkable about  [*53]  the
consolidation of the food processing supply chain is the degree to which it has
imposed top-down, firm-driven controls upon a sector of agricultural production
that has historically operated independently of the processing sector. n17
Several generations ago, farmers exerted control over the process by which they
grew and sold their crops. Producers sold fruits, vegetables, hogs, and other
food commodities primarily on local spot markets, giving farmers more control
over the timing and location of the sale, as well as quantity and price. This
flexibility allowed farmers to organize collectively to control commodity supply
and establish pooled prices for their goods. n18 When economic conditions during
the Great Depression all but erased this market scheme, farmers' considerable
political clout resulted in statutory protections designed to reestablish
orderly marketing conditions and protect producer interests. n19

   Today, the control producers once had over their products is largely gone,
replaced by a tightly-integrated, top-down, firm-driven system of purchasing,
processing, and production that attempts to control farm inputs and management
practices. The food production industry has perpetuated this system largely by
means of contract. In 2004, more than 85% of fruits and vegetables grown in the
U.S. were grown under formal contracts between processors and farmers. n20 As
one scholar has noted:

    [*54]

Contract farming allows food processors to exert significant control over their
agricultural suppliers. While the processor benefits from these arrangements,
the major disadvantage to the farmer is a loss of independence. Many contracts
specify quantity, quality, price, and delivery date, and in some instances the
processor is completely involved in the management of the farm, including input
provision. n21

 Finally, as agricultural production firms get bigger, they tend to vertically
integrate their supply chains, thereby reducing the number of outlets any one
farmer might have to sell his goods. n22 The result is that "independent
agricultural producers, production workers and consumers become more vulnerable
to the power of these firms due to their ability to control market prices via
their increased market power." n23

   Given the current context of food production, it is no understatement to say
that the once-romanticized "Jeffersonian ideal" of a farmer who works and
manages his own land, primarily for the benefit of himself and his family is
long gone. Rather,  [*55]  today's farmer, due to technological innovation
(e.g., genetic engineering) and off-farm chemical inputs (e.g., fertilizers,
pesticides), is less in touch with the ebb and flow of nature and agronomic
skills. n24 Today's farm businesses are "dependent as much on financial
management skills and contract marketing as on production and agronomy
"know-how," n25 and today's farmers are expected to be a " "super-farmer' who
... responds quickly to new opportunities to increase income and reduce risk. It
is this person who will be part of the industrialization of agriculture." n26 To
put it another way: "Old McDonald's Farm" is now "Food, Inc."

   This industrialization has had a profound effect on the consumers who buy the
products that farmers bring to market. One hundred years ago, "most people
either knew a farmer, were related to a farmer, or were themselves involved in
farming. If they did not know who produced their food, at least they knew
something about how it was raised or grown." n27 But in an industrialized food
production system, food just exists - whether in a restaurant or in a
supermarket - and most consumers buy it without stopping to think about who made
it, how it was made, or how it got to them. This lack of personal connection is
remarkable given the degree of personal interaction we demand from other actors
in our lives. For example, people insist on personal interaction with their
doctors, who also play a critical role in our health and well-being. The impact
of this change in agricultural production is more strongly felt outside of major
metropolitan cities, where families still rely on their land to earn a living,
and  [*56]  their communities still rely on them to put their income back into
the local economy. n28 But the rise of big agriculture has obscured the names
and faces of these families, replacing them with the names of multinational
corporations like Monsanto, DuPont, Cargill, and General Mills.

   III. Push Back - The Local Foods Movement

 Recently, some consumers and food producers have begun to push back against the
rise of industrial agriculture, and this resistance has manifested itself most
plainly in what has come to be known as the "local foods movement." n29 From a
practical standpoint, the local foods movement is exactly what it sounds like: a
purposeful effort by consumers to buy food products from farmers and producers
in the cities, regions, and states in which they live. n30 But the movement is
not merely a push to shift food transactions from a national to a local scale.
Rather, it's an effort to reject the notion that buying food is merely a
transaction and nothing more. Proponents of the local food movement view eating
as an "ecological act, and a political act too." n31 Thus, "at the core of the
[*57]  local food movement are individuals and organizations making conscious
choices about how and why they eat particular foods." n32

   Though the local foods movement is loosely organized and consists of people
from all socioeconomic strata, it does revolve around several main goals.
Because these goals recently have manifested themselves in the form of
legislation, it is worth exploring them, as well as how proponents of the local
food movement define the term "local food."

   A. Motivations and Goals of the Local Food Movement

 Proponents of the local food movement seek products grown and made close to
home for a variety of reasons. These motivations include: (1) the desire for
fresh, high-quality meat and produce free from chemical inputs and
preservatives; n33 (2) reducing one's environmental footprint by selecting food
produced in environmentally sustainable or humane ways (e.g., organic,
pesticide-free, free-range), or reducing potential energy use by shortening the
length of the supply chain needed to process and transport the food; n34 and (3)
social and political support for local farmers by helping them retain a greater
percentage of income that is otherwise lost to processing, transportation,
packing, and marketing costs. n35

   But one of the biggest goals of the local food movement is to transition from
the "transactional model" of eating that characterizes the post-modern food
system to a "relationship model" in which consumers personally connect with the
farmers who produce their food:

    [*58]

Those who eat locally form relationships with farmers who care about their land,
care about their neighbors, and care about their customers - not just about
maximizing profits and growth. Such relationships become relationships of trust
and integrity, based on honesty, fairness, compassion, responsibility, and
respect. Eating local provides people with an opportunity not only to reconnect
personally, but also, to restore integrity to our relationships with each other
and with the earth. n36

 But the local food movement's desire to reconnect is not just about knowledge;
fundamentally, it is about control. Scholars have noted that in the past,
"people owned the skills involved in the production and harvesting of food
materials and their conversion into food products," but over time, "the food
industry has come to control the means of food production and it owns the
knowledge and skills by which food is processed and the majority of citizens in
Western society are fed." n37 Framed this way, the local foods movement is
nothing short of a power struggle - and one that embodies a distinctly
anti-corporate mindset.

   This desire to reconnect is one of the main reasons why the local food
movement has played itself out in the context of direct-to-consumer sales and
marketing or retail vessels that completely eliminate third party distributors.
Farmers' markets are probably the most obvious example, but the local food
movement also encompasses community-supported agriculture (CSA) operations, n38
[*59]  community and school gardens, U-pick farms and roadside stands,
small-scale local processors, and local direct-farm purchases by businesses and
institutions. n39 In recent years, the direct-to-consumer food sales segment has
experienced considerable growth. The number of farms selling directly to
consumers has increased 17% from 2002 to 2007, n40 the number of farmers'
markets in the U.S. has increased by nearly 91% from 1998 to 2009, and the
number of CSA operations has gone from virtually zero in 1986 to about 1,400 in
2010. n41 Overall, farmers engaged in direct-to-consumer operations sold a total
of $ 1.2 billion in goods in 2007, representing more than a 100% increase since
1997. n42

   In sum, this favorable climate for local food represents a business
opportunity for many producers - and especially small ones. But the post-modern
food system has created barriers to entry  [*60]  and expansion for these
producers. These barriers come in the form of oligopolistic supply chains, n43
highly technical, expensive, and often duplicative food safety requirements, n44
and superstore-based retail interfaces, created to minimize costs and maximize
post-farm gate profits for commodity-based foods. n45 This system of selling
food makes it very difficult for small producers to sell what they grow and make
- even if it's just tomatoes and carrots at a roadside stand. Before shifting to
a more detailed discussion of the major procedural hurdles that small producers
must overcome, it's worth briefly elaborating on the definition of "local"
within the context of local foods movement.

[*61]

   B. Defining "Local"

 Derived from the Latin term Locus, meaning "place," Merriam-Webster defines
"local" as characterized by or relating to a position or space. n46 Thus,
something may be local if it is associated with a particular area. But this
definition fails to incorporate a sense of scale and connectedness inherent in
the local food movement. Ironically, jargon associated with advanced technology
- in this case, computers - may provide a more informative description of local.
A LAN or "local area network" generally refers to a network of personal
computers in a small area, such as an office, that shares resources (e.g., a
printer). n47 In the food context, a LAN could be a network of farmers and
consumers in a small area sharing economic resources. The farmers in the LAN
provide land and labor, while consumers provide income or capital to maintain
the network's functionality. Perhaps this is the purest form of local foods,
where the farmer and consumer are linked in a personal network. But on a larger
scale, for example, food marketed by a retail "super-store" as local does not
evoke the same conception of connectedness n48 and control as in a Food-LAN. The
definition of "local" at the "super-store" level, which is also how the majority
of food is sold, n49 is where opinions diverge and the stakes are highest. n50

   Compounding matters is the fact that - at least in terms of federal law - the
definition of "local" food in the retail context is  [*62]  still an open
question. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA) prohibits the sale of
misbranded food. n51 The statute further defines misbranded as bearing a label
"false or misleading in any particular." n52 One "particular" on a label (or an
accompanying written, printed or graphic matter) n53 may be an indication the
food is local. However, the FFDCA does not define local and relies on agencies
or courts to determine what constitutes a "particular" under the FFDCA. A
consumer relying on or induced to purchase a product because of a local label
would probably rise to the level of a particular under the Act. n54 One starting
point in establishing a legal definition of local, therefore, may be consumer
perception.

   In a literal sense, local foods have been on the market since the beginning
of humankind, as humans consumed what was within their immediate vicinity via
hunting/gathering. However, the phrase "local food" is a relatively new concept
that is not well defined by consumer perception literature. One study of
consumers in the United Kingdom found that 21% of survey respondents considered
local to be within the county in which they live. n55 The other end of the
spectrum (11%) expanded the definition of local to the country (e.g., England,
Scotland), with 5% going so far as to define local as including all of Great
Britain. n56 Most respondents (32%), however, defined local as within 30 miles
from where they  [*63]  live or buy the food product. n57 But perceptions of
scale in the UK, an island approximately the same size as Oregon, n58 likely
differ from the average U.S. consumer.

   A 2010 study of grocery retailers in four major urban centers in Oregon
provides some insight into perceptions of local food in the United States. Based
on survey responses, the researchers concluded that definitions of local varied
widely, and that many retail outlets based their definition not on a strict
geographical distance (e.g., 100 miles), but rather on more general concepts of
regions (e.g., Pacific Northwest or the Willamette Valley), or in terms of
personal connections/relationships with the farmer. n59 A Kentucky study of
consumer perceptions of local found that respondents associated local with
geographical scales, such as community, city, county or state, but also
concluded that local is a social construct, defined contextually rather than on
an explicit scale. n60

   Unfortunately, social constructs and contextual definitions leave many
regulators, and perhaps consumers, scratching their heads. For example, an
Indiana consumer may visit one store and see locally-branded tomatoes imported
to the state from Florida.  [*64]  Whether this is local is subject to
interpretation. If it is February, perhaps Florida is the closest location from
which to source tomatoes. Or the Florida tomato farmer might farm corn and
soybeans in Indiana during the summer, but spend the winters in Florida raising
tomatoes and shipping them directly to his hometown grocer in Indiana. Does the
personal connection suffice to make this a local product?

   Despite the ambiguity in retailers' and consumers' perceptions of local,
Congress on at least two occasions has defined local in the agricultural
context. First, in the 2008 Food, Conservation, and Energy Act (2008 Farm Bill),
Congress directed the Secretary of Agriculture to facilitate loans in support of
locally or regionally produced food products. n61 Congress defined a locally or
regionally produced food product as grown within 400 miles or the same state in
which it is marketed. n62 The 2010 Nutrition Bill provided the Secretary of
Agriculture similar business promotion authority - in this case a charge to
provide grants in support of integrating local foods in the school lunch program
- but did not define local food. n63 More recently, in the FDA Food Safety
Modernization Act, Congress provided a carve-out for certain food safety
requirements for producers selling in local markets. n64 Congress defined
"local" as products produced within a state's  [*65]  borders or within 275
miles, n65 which is a much narrower range than the 400 miles in the 2008 Farm
Bill.

   State-level legislation often defines local food as anything that is grown or
produced within state boundaries. This is not surprising, since the motivation
for a local-foods definition in a statute is to enhance the local and thereby
the state economy. The Illinois Local Food, Farms and Jobs Act is illustrative
(Illinois Act). n66

   The Illinois Act defines a local farm or food product as one that is "grown,
processed packaged, and distributed by Illinois citizens or businesses located
wholly within the borders of Illinois." n67 The Act subsequently sets a
procurement goal for state agencies and State-owned facilities of 20% local food
by 2020. n68 Finally, the Act creates a Local Food, Farms, and Jobs Council to,
inter alia, "facilitate the elimination of legal barriers hindering the
development of a local farm and food economy ... ." n69 This state definition
comports with part of the 2008 Farm Bill and the FDA Food Safety Modernization
Act definitions described above, but excludes otherwise qualifying products
produced even closer to the point of consumption (e.g., those produced within a
few miles of a locality, but across a state border) from state preferences. n70
But given states' motivation to capture 100% of the food production, processing
and marketing economy, a definition based on political borders seems politically
expedient, despite the potential loss of opportunities in border regions.

[*66]

   IV. Barriers to Entry and Expansion Into the Local Foods Movement

   A. Legal Barriers

 The debate about the meaning of local food is important, and will continue to
be a topic of discussion for legislators and other policymakers. However, it
remains largely an academic exercise. The small farmers who grow these local
foods are likely much more worried about getting their products to the local
market rather than how policymakers ultimately define that market. But as
mentioned above, the post-modern industrial food complex has erected significant
barriers to entry for small food producers. Several are purely structural:
capacity limitations (that is, the ability to meet demands for high-volume,
consistent quality, timely deliveries, and out-of-season availability) n71 and
lack of traceback mechanisms n72 can be a real concern for small food producers
looking to ramp up the scale of their operations or sell to third-party buyers.
Also, infrastructure limitations, including the lack of certified commercial
kitchens or regional distribution and  [*67]  processing facilities, can be an
issue even for local food producers, and especially those that sell processed
goods. n73

   But more notably, the industrialized food system also imposes formidable
legal barriers that apply to anyone who wishes to sell goods directly to
consumers, no matter the product or the size of the producer. When you were a
kid, you might have taken the initiative to set up a lemonade stand on the
street corner (or done so involuntarily, if mom wanted you out of the house). As
you hawked your wares, did you consider whether you needed a health department
permit for your stand? Did you prepare your lemonade in a certified commercial
kitchen? Did you collect and remit sales tax on the stand's gross revenue? Did
you consider whether your parents' homeowners' insurance covered the cost of
defending a foodborne illness lawsuit in the event that you didn't wash your
hands before subjecting the lemonade to the old "finger thermometer" test? Most
likely you did not.

   Yet the state of Illinois, for example, prohibits the public sale of food and
beverages prepared in the home, n74 and it broadly defines "retail food store"
to mean "any establishment or section of an establishment where food and food
products are offered to the consumer and intended for, though not limited to,
off-premises consumption." n75 "Fine," you say, "but nobody would enforce these
laws against a lemonade stand." Well, try telling that to the group of pre-teens
who set up a lemonade stand in a residential neighborhood just outside the 2011
U.S. Open golf tournament in Bethesda, MD, only to be slapped with a $ 500 fine
by county health officials for operating without a permit. n76

    [*68]  The fact is that the regulatory structure surrounding our food
production system is labyrinthine, confusing, duplicative, and often bordering
on draconian - and it applies to everyone. This system of oversight has resulted
in significant hurdles that small producers must overcome before they can take
advantage of the burgeoning demand for local foods. Legal barriers to entry fall
into four main categories, each of which will be discussed further in this
paper: (1) a complicated federalist system of oversight, (2) lack of producer
knowledge as to the applicable law, (3) cost of compliance with applicable laws,
and (4) getting regulators to accept the idea of "small farm exceptionalism."

   1. Complicated Federalist System of Oversight

 The first barrier to entry facing small food producers is a complicated system
of oversight that centers major food policymaking and regulatory initiatives at
the federal rather than local level. Scholars have noted that "the historical
roots of food and federal government programs have muted the individual's voice,
and even the states' influence, because they rested on the notion that states
could not be trusted to effectively regulate agricultural markets or provide
food to their populations." n77 That is because Congress has always framed food
production solely as an economic issue rather than one with broader health and
cultural implications. n78 Long-running pieces of legislation such as the
Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937 ("AMAA") and the recurring farm
bill authorizations have created price stability programs and crop subsidies
aimed at facilitating the "orderly marketing conditions for agricultural
commodities in interstate  [*69]  commerce[.]" n79 Congress intended these bills
to support the family farms that constituted the backbone of the U.S. economy
during the Depression era. n80 But as food production has become increasingly
the province of big agribusiness, Congress has continued to use the broad reach
of the Commerce Clause to frame food production as being "for interstate and
national markets, and not necessarily the local community and family." n81

   The result of this longstanding federal policy is a complicated, multi-agency
system that is characterized by command-and-control regulations and
jurisdictional silos. Today, fifteen agencies are responsible for implementing
thirty different statutes having to do with food safety. n82 This system is
extremely difficult for a small-scale food producer to wade through - even with
the help of counsel.

   But more fundamentally, big regulatory systems bottomed on protecting a
national economy oftentimes disregard (either intentionally or purposefully) the
interests of small players. That much has been evident since the Supreme Court
told Roscoe Filburn that a stable market for wheat production took precedence
over his right to save that commodity for his family, n83 and it has been that
way ever since. When a system thinks nationally instead of regionally or
locally, the laws it turns out - and the interests it will tend to support -
default to a similar perspective. Yet as discussed above, the local food
movement is fundamentally about food production systems on a micro level. Its
existence within this larger system of food production and regulation is thus an
uneasy one at best, and that in itself is a formidable barrier to overcome.

[*70]

   2. Sheer Number of Laws

   a. Federal Laws

 Given the "bigness" of food regulation, there is no shortage of federal laws
that apply to food production. In the course of running a direct-to-consumer
food business, a producer may - depending on what she produces and how she
produces it - risk running afoul of (deep breath): the Federal Food, Drug, and
Cosmetic Act (FFDCA), n84 the Farmer-to-Consumer Direct Marketing Act, n85 the
Packers and Stockyards Act (P&SA), n86 the Perishable Agricultural Commodities
Act (PACA), n87 the Agricultural Fair Practices Act, n88 the Agricultural
Marketing Agreement Act, n89 the Federal Trade Commission Act (FTCA), n90 the
[*71]  CAN-SPAM Act, n91 The Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), n92 the
Occupational Safety and Health Act ("OSHA"), n93 the Migrant and Seasonal Worker
Protection Act (MSWPA), n94 the Immigration and Nationality Act, n95 the Egg
Products Inspection Act (EPIA), n96 the Poultry Products Inspection Act(PPIA),
n97 and the Federal Meat Inspection Act (FMIA). n98 This proliferation of
federal statutes (and ensuing regulations from the myriad federal agencies
tasked with administering them) is a direct result of Congress's long-standing
desire to center food policy at the federal level, as discussed above.

   Recently, however, policymaking at the federal level has centered on food
safety. This is no doubt due to the staggering costs associated with foodborne
outbreaks of dangerous pathogens such as Salmonella and E. coli. The Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has estimated that there are more than 38.4
million illnesses, 71,500 hospitalizations, and 1,600 deaths per year  [*72]
associated with foodborne infections in the United States. n99 Studies have
suggested that the patient-related medical costs associated with these illnesses
might be as high as $ 164 billion per year - a number that does not include
indirect costs such as lost production and sales, recall and destruction costs,
and pain and suffering awards. n100 When foodborne illnesses occur, the media
widely publicize the event, often portraying it as an emergency. n101 Consumers
panic, and entire commodity industries virtually shut down. n102 Despite the
high toll that foodborne illnesses exact in terms of human health and the
economy, traceback mechanisms are often inadequate and the exact source of a
pathogenic outbreak is sometimes never identified (or is misidentified).

   Recently, foodborne outbreaks have been occurring not only in processed
foods, but also in raw agricultural commodities not previously associated with
bacterial contamination. The E. coli spinach outbreak in 2006 represented the
first time that FDA officials were able to establish a definitive link between
farm fields  [*73]  and bacterial contamination. n103 Previously, the raw
produce industry blamed bacterial contamination outbreaks on consumers, claiming
that victims failed to wash produce properly or prevent cross-contamination from
foods traditionally susceptible to harmful pathogens, such as ground beef and
chicken. n104 But starting with the spinach outbreak, the FDA got a "smoking
gun" - "definitive data to show industry that the problems go back to the fields
and the processing plants." n105 So while federal food safety regulation has
been around since passage of the 1906 Pure Food and Drug Act, recent efforts
have focused growing fields - which has not always been the case.

   In any case, the real concerns associated with foodborne illness outbreaks
gradually have resulted in a food safety regulation scheme that is strict,
relatively standardized, and quite often reactive. At the federal level, the
primary enabling statute for much of the FDA's food safety regulations is the
FFDCA, which prohibits the adulteration and misbranding of food. n106 The
presence of pathogenic organisms in a food is sufficient, on multiple grounds,
for the FDA to deem it "adulterated" within the meaning of the statute, n107 and
the agency has specific procedures for authorizing  [*74]  the seizure of
products that contain certain amounts of bacteria such as salmonella and E.
coli. n108 The FDA also has the authority, under the Section 361(a) of Public
Health Service Act, to enact regulations where they are "necessary to prevent
the introduction, transmission, or spread of communicable diseases ..." n109

   The most notable result of this jurisdictional authority is the FDA Food
Code, which is, in the FDA's words, a "model that assists food control
jurisdictions at all levels of government by providing them with a
scientifically sound technical and legal basis for regulating the retail and
food service segment of the industry[.]" n110 The FFDCA gives FDA jurisdiction
not only over foods introduced into interstate commerce, n111 but also over food
held for sale after shipment in interstate commerce, n112 with the result being
that "FDA technically has jurisdiction over all restaurants, food venders,
automatic vending machines, and retail food stores in the United States." n113

   However, adequately overseeing the hundreds of thousands of such operations
in the U.S. would be an impossible task. The FDA has therefore chosen to
delegate much of its inspection and enforcement abilities to state and local
governments, a decision that "conforms with FDA's responsibility under 42 U.S.C.
§ 243 to provide assistance to state and local governments with respect to the
prevention of communicable disease." n114 Thus, since the 1930s, the FDA has
prepared a model Food Service Sanitation Ordinance and Code of Regulations,
which was joined by similar codes governing food vending in 1957 and retail food
stores in 1978. n115 Over time,  [*75]  the distinctions between food service,
food vending, and retail food stores grew increasingly hazy, and so in 1994, the
FDA consolidated its model sanitation ordinances and codes into its
comprehensive Food Code. n116 The Code, which is revised every four years, has
been adopted at least in part by 48 of 56 U.S. states and territories, covering
79% of the U.S. population. n117 The FDA Food Code - a standardized, top-down
model of food safety regulation - therefore forms the foundational basis for
many of the laws governing small producers at the state level. These laws can be
extremely detailed and burdensome. For example, one of the Food Code's most
basic rules is that all foods except raw, unprocessed agricultural commodities
must originate from an inspected and licensed facility if sold directly to
consumers. n118 This requirement presents a significant hurdle for small
producers who  [*76]  wish to make relatively benign products like jams,
jellies, bread, fruit pies, and other baked goods in home kitchens.

   Though the FDA Food Code is the primary federal food safety regulation
scheme, it is by no means the only one. In response to bacterial contamination
outbreaks, federal agencies have introduced additional measures. The USDA has
implemented binding regulations that require HACCP controls for meat and
poultry, n119 and the FDA has approved the use of irradiation to reduce the
incidence of microbial pathogens in poultry and meat. n120 Similarly, an E. coli
outbreak involving unpasteurized apple juice led FDA to enact HACCP regulations
for fruit and vegetable juices. n121 In addition to its standard shell egg
inspection regime, FDA has also enacted Salmonella prevention standards that
subject most egg producers to additional testing requirements. n122 The agency
has released a bevy of non-binding Good Manufacturing Practice ("GMP") and Good
Agricultural Practice ("GAP") guidance documents that address bacterial hazards
in processing  [*77]  plants and on farms - some of which have been turned into
essentially binding requirements by private industry agreement. n123

   And more federal food safety regulation is coming, courtesy of the FDA Food
Safety Modernization Act ("FSMA"), which represents the single largest overhaul
of the FFDCA since its passage in 1938. n124 Specifically, the FSMA (1) gives
the FDA the ability to mandate food safety measures at the farm level for fruit
and vegetable production; n125 (2) gives FDA the authority to create a system of
HACCP controls in all food processing facilities - a safety system previously
limited to shellfish, juice and low-acid canned foods; n126 and (3) gives FDA
authority to issue a regulation outlining specific recordkeeping requirements
for designated "high risk" foods. n127 This new piece of legislation only adds
to the complex web of federal regulations that govern the foods that small
producers sell at farmers' markets and roadside stands.

   b. State and Local Laws

 On top of various federal rules and regulations, states and local
municipalities also regulate the sale and safety of local food -in many cases
more stringently than the federal government. While each state scheme is
different, state-level food regulation typically  [*78]  begins with a food
sanitation statute (often modeled on the FDA Food Code) that sets forth general
parameters, leaves the precise regulatory details to the state department of
public health or its equivalent, and places inspection and enforcement powers in
the hands of local health inspectors. n128

   Often, state law also authorizes individual counties to enact regulations
aimed at "the promotion of health or the suppression of disease," n129 with the
result being county rules and regulations that run parallel to Department of
Public Health rules and that may or may not be consistent with rules in
neighboring counties. Finally, cities (especially big ones or home rule units)
often have the power to enact their own food sanitation rules and regulations.
n130 The result of these layers of regulation is that a farmer who wants to sell
fruits and vegetables at a local farmers' market



   ...may need inspections from the county where her farming operation
functions, inspections from the [local public health district], and inspections
from any other county in the state where she wants to participate in a farmers'
market. If she wants to go into a large urban area, she may need a municipal
inspection as well. Her interaction with the consumers at the market, rather
than on her farm or through one wholesaler, makes her simple business very
complicated. n131

 This inserts an unnecessary inefficiency into a business model that already
struggles to compete with high volume  [*79]  traditional supermarkets and
could, in extreme cases, lead to charges of protectionism of the existing
commodity-scale distribution system, at the expense of small-farm/food
entrepreneurs.

   3. Lack of Producer Knowledge

 To briefly sum up the previous section: there are a lot of food laws out there.
And many of them are very important, because they are aimed at protecting the
quality, safety, and integrity of the food that we eat every day. But our
research has indicated a disconnect between these rules and actual compliance
with them on the part of small farmers, which raises the third barrier facing
the growth of the local food movement - lack of producer knowledge regarding the
applicable rules. This knowledge gap can take two equally worrisome forms:
First, some small producers just do not know that certain rules exist. Second,
and maybe more commonly, the many food safety laws are not consistently
enforced, leaving small producers in a confusing state of legal limbo. Both
situations will be addressed below.

   a. Producer Knowledge Gaps

 In 2010, we conducted a series of webinars aimed at educating small producers
about the laws applicable to their businesses. n132 As a part of that effort, we
surveyed participants  [*80]  both before and after the webinar to assess how
much they knew (or at least how much they thought they knew) about the laws that
apply to their businesses. Specifically, we asked them to rate their knowledge
on a 1 to 5 scale, with 1 being very low and 5 being very high. We found,
generally, that even though small farmers are operating businesses on a
day-to-day basis, and in some cases using these businesses as their sole source
of income, they are not as knowledgeable as they should be about the applicable
laws, and they also are not very good at identifying particular business
practices that increase the risk of falling out of compliance with these
applicable laws. The average self-rating in response to the question "please
rate your general knowledge of the existing legal rules and regulations
surrounding direct farm businesses" was only 2.53 on a five-point scale. The
question "how well do you feel you are able to identify specific legal and/or
financial risks pertaining to your direct farm business?" didn't fare much
better, with an average response of only 2.76 on a 5-point scale (1 being "not
well at all" and 5 being "very well"). n133

   These results are in accord with previous work done on this topic. n134 In
2009, one of the authors conducted a survey of regional CSA operations in order
to examine awareness of legal and  [*81]  financial issues surrounding their
operations. n135 Survey results generally indicated legal informality in
transactions, confusion about the regulatory environment surrounding CSAs, and
little concern for liability issues. And many CSA operators surveyed showed a
lack of understanding as to what constitutes a legally binding contract. As one
respondent summed up: "To tell you the truth, most of the time my head's in the
sand when it comes to rules and regulations." n136 An ostrich approach to food
safety regulation may in some cases lead to lax on-farm safety practices: for
example, a study conducted in 2010 by the Community Food Security Coalition
found that 30% of the small or limited-resource fruit and vegetable growers it
surveyed used private spring or well water for washing or irrigation but did not
routinely test those sources for bacterial pathogens. n137

   To the extent that small producers take a "head-in-the-sand" approach to food
safety laws, it probably has more to do with lack of farming experience rather
than pure ignorance or a willful desire to flout the law. The burgeoning local
food movement, plus a sour economy, has sent many people with no prior
background in agriculture into their kitchens and backyard gardens as a source
of income. And those who do transition from production agriculture often have no
background or training in selling directly to consumers of their product - they
only know the rules of commodity agriculture, which are in many cases very
different from the rules applicable to products that people will eat. Studies
have found that "growers often need education and training at the local  [*82]
level to meet market requirements and expand access to local customers on issues
related to risk management," n138 and this paper discusses such educational
outreach in part V(c) below.

   b. Inconsistent Enforcement

 Just as importantly, the producer knowledge gap discussed above often results
from the fact that rules are not enforced consistently. Small producers are
usually most affected by enforcement at the state and local level - in
particular, efforts by the state department of health. But these state
departments of health often write general regulations and punt them to county
and local health inspectors for enforcement without providing interpretations of
these rules. The result is that county and local inspectors have considerable
discretion as to what the law is.

   The Illinois Department of Public Health's ("IDPH") scheme for licensing and
inspecting processing facilities and farmers' markets is an excellent example of
how inspector discretion can obfuscate even relatively straightforward food
rules. In Illinois, IDPH has the authority to regulate the construction and
sanitation of food production and processing facilities under the Illinois
Sanitary Food Preparation Act. n139 IDPH inspectors certify facility compliance
subject to general regulations concerning the construction, equipment, and
processes for producing food. n140 These regulations mandate - among many other
things - surface sanitization, vermin control, sewage disposal, adequate clean
water, sanitary facilities for employees, and adequate sanitation principles and
processes. n141 The regulations are necessarily vague because they apply to a
variety of production facilities, and inspectors will interpret each regulation
based on its applicability to a particular operation.

    [*83]  If small farmers sell processed food, then they must also comply with
requirements that are specific to the type of food being processed. IDPH bases
these requirements on the unique health and safety risks inherent to each food,
and many times, decisions on adequacy are made by local regulators or individual
inspectors. n142 IDPH communicates guidance to its inspectors through training
and technical bulletins, which are nonbinding guidance documents that facilitate
consistent interpretation and application of the regulations. For example, IDPH
has issued a non-binding guidance document - Technical Informational
Bulletin/Food #30 - that is supposed to give farmers' market managers and
vendors regulatory guidelines regarding the transportation, delivery, and
display of foods commonly sold at farmers' markets. n143

   But naturally, vague regulations and non-binding guidance documents leave
considerable room for local inspector discretion. This might not be a problem if
local inspectors actually tailored the rules to individual situations, but most
often, inspectors adopt a "one-size-fits-all" approach that favors larger
producers. Further, one inspector's interpretation of the rules to unique facts
might differ from an inspector in a neighboring county. And because certain
inspectors interpret local food rules more strictly than others, the applicable
rules within a particular county can change as inspectors come and go. Inspector
discretion often results in inconsistent directives that can frustrate attempts
to sell products across county lines. Vendors often find that inspectors in one
county allow the sale of, say, meat and eggs or baked goods with little
restriction, whereas a neighboring county may heavily regulate or prohibit the
sale of those items. n144 Likewise, vendors find some  [*84]  local health
departments require mechanical refrigeration for perishable foods, or commercial
wash basins in order to sell prepared food, whereas others do not. n145

   In sum, state department of health rules for selling directly - especially at
farmers' markets - just are not consistent from city to city and county to
county. n146 And that makes it difficult for small producers (the vast majority
of whom want to be in compliance with the law) to know what the law says and to
consistently obey it. n147 Inconsistent rules also make it harder for producers
in counties with strict requirements (e.g., three-basin wash bins at farmers'
markets, or commercial kitchen requirements) to compete on the basis of cost
because they must invest in more expensive equipment. Such laws thus add to the
financial pressures that, as  [*85]  explained below, often represent the single
largest hurdle that small producers face.

   4. Compliance Costs

 Cost of operation is often the single largest barrier that small producers face
when directly marketing food to consumers - in fact, it is often prohibitive.
Production costs begin where production begins: on the farm fields. Here, nearly
all the applicable regulations are focused on food safety, and in particular on
preventing the growth of the microbial pathogens. Generally, field-level costs
associated with food safety regulations can include: (1) human
resources/training (education on detailed safety protocols; "validation"
activities such as daily or even hourly logging of the temperature of coolers
holding freshly harvested produce); (2) purchasing of equipment (smart tags,
radio transmitters); (3) Implementation measures (rodent traps, fencing,
upgraded sanitary equipment); and (4) monitoring and surveillance (water
testing). n148

   Further, many buyers (and especially institutional and retail ones) are
increasingly requiring audits that assess adherence to good agricultural
practices (GAPs) and good handling practices (GHPs). n149 The USDA offers such a
program for fresh produce, but its standard fee for on-farm audits is $ 92 per
hour and takes a product-by-product approach to certification - that is, farmers
need one audit for their leafy greens, one for their beans, one for their
broccoli, etc. n150 With total per-audit costs ranging from $ 500 to  [*86]  $
1,500 (and up to $ 8,500 in some cases), n151 many small farmers with acres of
diversified crops determine that these food safety audits are a "luxury" that
they just cannot afford.

   Farmers who wish to turn their raw agricultural commodities into processed
items (e.g., jams, salsas) or who want to sell baked goods face another layer of
costs. Traditionally, most states require that all processed foods (jams &
jellies, salsa, cheese, bread, meat and poultry products, etc.) must be made in
state-licensed and inspected commercial facilities. n152 The regulations
governing these commercial kitchens are exacting: a partial list of requirements
for commercial kitchens in Illinois includes (1) a three-compartment metal sink
to wash, rinse and sanitize dishes; (2) floors, walls and ceilings made of
smooth and nonabsorbent materials; (3) a floor drain, and (4) specific lighting,
plumbing and ventilation regulations. n153 These regulatory costs come on top of
the expenses for overhead, vendors' fees, labor, marketing, transportation,
professional services (e.g., lawyer or accountant) - as well as the sheer amount
of time, and energy that goes into sorting all these things out. Add all of this
up and it is easy to see how regulatory costs - and in particular, those
designed to make our food safer - can quickly become prohibitive for small
producers.

   5. Resistance to the Idea of "Small Producer Exceptionalism"

 Given the burdensome and confusing regulatory scheme that small producers must
navigate just to sell their food at a local farmers' market or other
direct-marketing outlet, it is no surprise  [*87]  that calls to exempt these
producers from certain food rules have grown louder as the local foods movement
has expanded. Underlying this desire for special treatment is the notion,
adapted from Professor Schneider, of "small producer exceptionalism," n154 which
is the idea that small producers (and the food that they make) are inherently
different from the vast majority of producers that make up the big
industrialized food production system, and thus should be treated differently by
regulators. Advocates of small producer exceptionalism offer three main
justifications for treating producers of local food differently than their "big
food" brethren: (1) local food is healthier than excessively processed,
non-local food; n155 (2) local food is safer than food that comes from thousands
of miles away; n156 and (3) local food systems can reinvigorate  [*88]  stagnant
local economies and provide a counterweight to a global food chain that
increasingly outsources agricultural production. n157

   The problem with these admittedly laudable justifications is that some are
not adequately backed by empirical research - especially considering that these
notions form the ideological foundation for a number of so-called "cottage food"
bills that directly exempt small producers from health and safety regulations.
This paper will further examine these bills in part (V)(A)(2), infra. The goal
of the next section is to examine the empirical research (or lack thereof),
bolstering each one of the main justifications for small producer
exceptionalism. Our goal is not to poke a finger in the eye of the local food
movement; rather, we want to point out gaps in the data so that other
researchers can then fill those gaps with cold, hard numbers that increase the
credibility of these arguments.

[*89]

   a. Local Food is Healthier than Non-Local Food

 Without question, the types of foods sold at farmers' markets - fruits and
vegetables, baked goods, naturally raised meats and artisan cheeses, etc. -
generally are healthier food options than the processed commodities offered by
industrial conglomerates and fast food restaurants. n158 This part of the paper
focuses on a narrower question - all else being equal in terms of commodity
type, are local foods healthier? In other words, is an apple from 1,500 miles
away less healthy than an apple from 15 miles away? Studies have repeatedly
shown that food consumers do perceive a link between local and organic food and
improved health outcomes. For example, in studies conducted in the United
Kingdom and Australia, "health concerns" was the most frequently cited reason
for purchasing organic foods. n159 And while "research identifying a
relationship between support for local foods and health concern is sparse," n160
a 2004 survey of community-supported agriculture (CSA) members in Montana
indicated that 82% of respondents cited "doing something that is good for their
health" as a benefit of CSA membership. n161 A recent USDA report on local foods
systems notes that "potential health benefits have been cited as a justification
for farm-to-institution marketing programs, including farm-to-school programs
... and as a benefit of joining a community supported agriculture (CSA) program
... . " n162

   However, research has not conclusively established whether local food is in
fact healthier than food that comes from far away.  [*90]  Scientists assess the
nutritional value of food by examining quantities of essential nutrients -
carbohydrates, vitamins, amino and fatty acids, and other biologically active
compounds. n163 They generally agree that certain foods - fresh fruits and
vegetables especially - can lose nutritional value as supply chains grow longer,
n164 and that preservation methods like freezing and blanching can compound this
nutrient loss. n165 So while we'd expect an apple sold to a consumer just a few
hours after it's picked to retain much of its original nutritional value,
researchers have cautioned that the time between harvest and sale is not the
only factor to consider, and that it is impossible to state categorically that
locally-sourced produce will always be of higher nutritional quality than
non-local produce. n166 Rather, the quality of raw produce "will depend on time
since harvest and the type of processing to which [it] is subjected. The
characteristics of the supply chain are probably more important in determining
quality of fruits and vegetables than is the distance between producer and
consumer." n167

   While additional research is needed, these early findings bode well for the
local foods movement - at least in the context of direct-to-consumer marketing,
where raw fruits and veggies are oftentimes harvested the day before (or even on
the same day) that they are trucked to farmers' markets and roadside stands with
minimal to no preservation and further processing. But it also suggests that the
concept of "food miles" may be a bit misleading if it is the only variable used
to assess the nutritional quality of local food. Such an analysis suggests
apples stored for a week and  [*91]  placed on a grocery store shelf five miles
from their place of harvest would be "healthier" than apples picked and shipped
overnight from 400 miles away, when in fact that may not be the case. It should
also make regulators wary of health claims made about local and organic foods,
especially given the fact that companies "are more often highlighting the
perceived health benefits of products produced without pesticides, hormones and
antibiotics." n168

   b. Local Food is Safer than Non-Local Food

 As the local food movement has grown, several commentators have suggested that
locally-sourced food is safer than food sourced from far away. n169 But scholars
need to examine this assertion very closely, because it has been used to prop up
laws exempting certain food producers from food safety regulation. The argument
typically goes like this: big food producers are the source of most bacterial
contamination because they grow vast amounts of raw agricultural commodities,
which are shipped to central processing plants, handled by many people,
commingled with other produce, and stripped of natural protective barriers such
as skin in the process. They are then treated to preserve shelf life and shipped
thousands of miles away in refrigerated trucks. This long chain of processing
and supply introduces countless opportunities for contamination that are not
present when farmers load tomatoes into their trucks for sale at the farmers'
market, and so local food is therefore "safer" than non-local food. n170 This
chain of inferences  [*92]  admittedly makes logical sense, but it has not been
fully addressed by scientific literature.

   Furthermore, some commentators frame the "local food is safer" argument as a
trust issue: "If you're buying food at a farmers' market, you're face-to-face
with the growers week after week... . If they screw up, chances are their family
will be affected, too. Regulation doesn't necessarily ensure safety. A person's
actions and inactions determine what is safe or not." n171 To put it another
way, big food companies - unlike small growers - cannot shake consumers' hands
and say, "I guarantee that this food is safe." Rather, "anonymity is an
invitation to risk. When the food producer meets his or her consumer, the
personal interaction provides an opportunity to assess the seller's character
and conduct." n172

   This "handshake" approach to food safety is not that surprising, considering
the degree to which trust plays a role in food safety. n173 As noted above, the
food production system just keeps getting bigger and more anonymous, and there
is no way for a consumer to look a big corporation squarely in the eye and ask
it about the measures it takes to guard against Salmonella and E. Coli.  [*93]
Face-to-face interaction with a farmer can provide that reassurance, and indeed,
numerous studies have shown that consumers perceive local foods to be safer, and
that the concomitant shift in purchasing behavior - away from food from an
unknown or far-away source - is a method of risk management. n174 As one scholar
has noted:



   Historically, perceptions of food quality were often the result of personal
observation and social networks in the local community (Renting, et. al., 2003).
Knowing where and who has produced a food served as an informal quality
assurance program; whereas with mass produced foods and markets, expert systems
of quality assurance now exist devoid of any spatial or personal observation
(Renting, et. al., 2003). n175

 Thus, consumer demand for food produced locally reflects a desire to reduce the
uncertainty inherent in a large, anonymous food chain. n176 That being said,
this paper aims to sound a note of  [*94]  caution. Though talking to local
farmers about how they grow their produce might be reassuring to some consumers,
there is frustratingly little evidence suggesting that those locally grown
tomatoes are in fact less susceptible to bacterial infection than tomatoes from
much farther away. To the authors' knowledge, there are currently no published
studies that provide empirical support for the assertion that local food (or
even certain types of local foods) is safer than non-local food. The published
articles that suggest local food might be safer amount to nothing more than
conclusory statements and bare assertions; n177 there has been no systematic
effort to cross-check pathogenic outbreaks in food against the size of the
producer or the production system.

   One reason for the paucity of studies about the safety of local food may be
traceability. Authorities are often never able to conclusively determine the
precise origins of a pathogenic outbreak. But there is no doubt that processing
plants are not the sole source of harmful bacteria: for example, analyses of
foodborne outbreaks have shown that harmful pathogens such as E. coli and
salmonella can embed themselves in fresh fruits and vegetables at the field
[*95]  level, and continue to adhere even after chlorine rinses. n178 Growing
fields have been implicated in some of these pathogenic outbreaks - the 2006
spinach outbreak, for example, was ultimately traced to fields in California,
not processing plants. n179 And in August 2011, one person was killed and nine
others sickened by an E. coli outbreak in fresh strawberries that were sold at
Portland, Oregon-area farmers' markets and roadside stands. n180 Furthermore,
the act of value-added processing adds another level of risk, no matter the size
of the producer. This point was made painfully evident in July 2010 by an
outbreak of Salmonella that sickened 15 to 20 people who purchased fresh-cut
fruits and vegetables from an Iowa farmers' market. n181 The vendors who sold
the foods implicated in these food safety outbreaks most likely had the best of
intentions, and maybe even sold with a handshake. They didn't know that the
products were contaminated any more so than did the sickened buyers, and that is
almost always the case when dealing with pathogens invisible to the senses.
Eating food always involves risk, and no handshake is going to change that.

   Therefore, without conclusive evidence, the idea that local food is "safer"
than non-local food can be viewed in two ways. At best, it is a way for
consumers to acquire peace of mind (to the extent that, rightly or not, they
perceive local food to be safer), and  [*96]  it may indeed reduce the risk of
encountering harmful pathogens associated with certain foods (to the extent that
the opportunities for commingling and spoilage associated with a large food
supply chain actually increases the incidence of pathogens in food). At worst,
the idea is a potentially dangerous marketing ploy that encourages certain
actors in the food system to take advantage of consumers' beliefs that local
food is safer - perhaps without ensuring that it actually is. n182 This latter
proposition is especially troubling if laws aimed at easing regulatory burdens
on small producers do not appropriately target truly low-risk foods and
processing methods.

   The main point, at least until more studies are conducted, is that the
argument that local food is "safer" than non-local food - at least as a general
proposition - is not supported by empirical evidence. Consumers may gain some
peace of mind by assessing a farmer's character and asking her about the steps
she takes to reduce the risk of pathogenic contamination, but in the end, they
must take her at her word - just as we take big food companies at their word
when we buy their food off grocery store shelves. n183

[*97]

   c. Local Food Bolsters the Economy Better than Non-Local Food

 Many scholars have argued that local food systems have the potential to
revitalize stagnating local economies. n184 In particular, they have noted that
as the rapidly industrializing food system has consolidated production and
processing in fewer areas of the country, local farming communities have
steadily declined into irrelevance. n185 As farmland is converted for other
uses, the unintended effect is that small banks and businesses in the community
close, taking local jobs with them. As a result, researchers have extensively
studied the impact of local food systems on surrounding communities, and these
studies have largely found that buying locally can support the local economy by
stimulating development in rural areas, n186 putting more money in farmers'
pockets by cutting out non-local middlemen, n187 and (perhaps most critically)
facilitating import substitution - that is, by replacing food from "who knows
where" with food from "right here." n188

    [*98]  The benefits provided by local food systems appear to extend beyond
food production. The reason is simple: the workers who benefit from jobs in the
local food economy now have additional money to spend in other sectors of the
economy, and those in the supply and service trades (e.g., machinery sales and
service, bankers, transportation companies) now have additional clientele. For
example, researchers found that each dollar spent at farmers' markets in Iowa
generated 58 cents in induced n189 and indirect n190 income in the surrounding
community, and that each full-time equivalent job created by a farmers' market
supported almost half (multiplier of 1.45) of a full-time equivalent job in
other sectors of the economy. n191

   Even more notably, these results hold even accounting for offset costs - that
is, the jobs and income that would have been generated by building more national
chain grocery stores instead of farmers' markets and local processing plants. A
study conducted in West Virginia found that the farmers' markets in that state
generate $ 656,000 in annual labor income, $ 2.4 million in industry output, and
69.2 full-time equivalent jobs. n192 The tradeoff to building more farmers'
markets is the loss of mainstream food outlets. Because of this, the study
estimated the offset costs associated with these retail outlets. n193
Importantly, the net results were positive: farmers'  [*99]  markets in West
Virginia created $ 193,000 in labor income, $ 1.1 million in industry output,
and 42.8 full-time jobs every year. n194

   In sum, the policy justifications supporting the notion of "small producer
exceptionalism" are, empirically, a mixed bag. Local foods systems can indeed
provide a much-needed boost to local economies, but the idea that local food is
safer and healthier than non-local food is yet unproven by empirical research.
Given the current state of research, the big challenge for local foods advocates
is to reconcile their best-supported argument (economics) with their
least-supported argument (food safety). If policymakers pass extremely broad
small producer exemptions to food safety regulatory schemes based solely on
economic arguments, the long-term result - after an increasing number of food
safety outbreaks - may be reactionary backlash in the form of additional
high-tech and high-cost food safety measures. The remainder of this paper will
outline recent regulatory efforts to resolve this challenging dichotomy and will
analyze how well these efforts address the hurdles to the local food movement
that we've identified.

   V. Overcoming the Barriers

 So far, this paper has identified four major barriers erected by our system of
food regulation: (1) a complicated web of federal laws, (2) lack of producer
knowledge about those laws, (3) cost of compliance, and (4) the challenge of
getting regulators to accept the idea of "small producer exceptionalism." These
barriers often stand in the way of efforts to expand the local food movement to
a wider audience, and so as the interest in local foods has grown, supporters
have been successful in implementing several pieces of state and federal
legislation aimed at easing some of these regulatory barriers. The sections that
follow will outline these efforts and assess their effectiveness at knocking
down the obstacles that small farmers face. They will also assess the
implications that these laws have for the growing focus on food safety in the
United States.

[*100]

   A. Laws Aimed at Reducing Regulatory Burdens on Small Producers

   1. Federal Laws

 The "big food" regulatory framework at the federal level is not completely
unconcerned about burdens that small producers face. To the contrary, Congress,
acknowledging the enormous compliance costs that regulations impose on small
businesses, has passed laws aimed at reducing those costs. As a general matter,
the federal Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA) requires all federal agencies to
conduct a Regulatory Flexibility Analysis for each regulation it promulgates.
n195 Each final analysis must describe the type and number of small businesses
affected the projected reporting, recordkeeping and other compliance burdens the
proposed rule imposes, and a description of the steps that the agency has taken
to minimize those burdens. n196 Although the RFA has taken its share of
criticism, it has reportedly saved small businesses an estimated $ 70 billion
over a 15-year timespan (1980 to 2005), and has made some agencies think twice
about proposing rules that would be overly burdensome to small entities. n197

   In addition to the general requirements imposed by the RFA, Congress has also
exempted small producers from many federal food regulations. For example, the
USDA exempts egg producers from certain restrictions and inspections if they
sell eggs from their own flocks directly to consumers via a door-to-door retail
route, or at a place of business away from the production site, so long as they
[*101]  sell fewer than 30 dozen eggs per sale. n198 Direct farm businesses
meeting certain criteria may sell poultry products directly to consumers without
securing the Poultry Production and Inspection Act's otherwise mandatory
inspection requirements. n199 And retailers with annual gross food sales to
consumers of not more than $ 50,000 are exempt from FDA's nutrition labeling
requirements. n200

   More recently, a flurry of legislative action at both the federal and state
levels has produced a significant number of new exemptions specifically aimed at
bolstering the expanding local food movement and it goals. The most notable of
these is surely the Tester-Hagan Amendment to the FSMA, which is worth
discussing in more detail. As noted above, the FSMA gives FDA the power to
mandate food safety measures at the farm level for fruit and vegetable
production, and to create a system of hazard analysis risk and risk based
prevention control (HACCP) in all food processing facilities. After intense
lobbying by small farm and local food advocates, n201 the Senate passed the
Tester-Hagan Amendment to the original bill as a compromise to minimize the
financial impact of compliance with many of the new statutes provisions.
Specifically, Congress exempted small farms (less than $ 500,000 in total sales)
engaged in direct-farm marketing, so long as 50% of total farm sales were in
direct sales to consumers or restaurants in the same state or within a 275-mile
radius. n202 Congress included a similar exemption for these entities from the
HACCP requirements. n203

    [*102]  Finally, as discussed below, there's been a movement at the state
level to exempt the "cottage food industry" from food safety regulations. The
best-written of these bills strike an appropriate balance between safety
oversight and easing of burdens on small producers - though they do not
completely address all the hurdles identified by this paper. n204 The next
section discusses these laws.

   2. State-Level "Cottage Food" Laws

 Recently, policy action on local food has been focused at the state level. n205
As noted above, state departments of public health are much more hands-on about
farmers' market regulations and commercial kitchen certification. n206 In
multiple states, grassroots lobbying efforts have resulted in so-called "cottage
food" bills that largely exempt small food producers from state licensing and
inspection requirements. Though the exact provisions of these laws vary from
state to state, they typically share four things in common: (1) they typically
limit exemptions only to producers who operate out of their own home kitchens;
(2) they apply only to "non-hazardous" food items; (3) they contain a monetary
threshold that triggers regulation if exceeded, and (4) they contain labeling
requirements aimed at informing consumers as to the food's non-regulated status.
n207 n208

   Illinois' cottage food bill, signed into law in August 2011, n209 is a
particularly good example of this type of legislation. The new  [*103]  law
applies to "cottage food operations" - and only those that sell their products
at farmers' markets. n210 Specifically, the bill defines a "cottage food
operation" as a "person who produces or packages non-potentially hazardous food
in a kitchen of that person's primary domestic residence for direct sale by the
owner or family member, stored in the residence where the food is made." n211
The bill incorporates the federal FDA Food Code's definition of "non-potentially
hazardous food," n212 but also declares a variety of specific foods - primarily
baked goods, certain fruit jams and jellies, and herb and tea blends - to be
"non-hazardous." n213 The core of the bill is a provision that prohibits both
the Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) and local health departments
from regulating the sale of these goods by cottage food producers. n214 To
ensure that the law focuses only on truly small producers, the bill contains a
provision that limits this inspection exemption to cottage food operations whose
gross receipts total less than $ 25,000 in a calendar year. n215

   But even as applied to producers under that monetary threshold, the law does
not amount to blanket deregulation. Rather, it contains several important
disclosure and transparency provisions. First, cottage food operations must
register with the health department in the local government unit in which the
operation resides, though this registration must be cost-free. n216 Second, the
bill requires cottage food producers to label their  [*104]  products in
accordance with the FDA Food Code, including an ingredients list, the common or
usual name of the food product, the name and address of the producer, the date
the product was made, and allergen labeling if applicable. n217 Third, the bill
requires all cottage food product labels to carry the phrase "This product was
produced in a home kitchen not subject to public health inspection that may also
process common food allergens," n218 and cottage food producers must display a
placard with identical warnings at the point of sale. n219

   Finally, the Illinois cottage food law contains a backstop provision that
gives health authorities the authority to regulate in case of exigency.
Specifically, if IDPH or a local health inspector has reason to believe that an
imminent health hazard exists, or that a cottage food operation's product is
misbranded, adulterated, or otherwise not in compliance with the law, then that
health authority may halt the sale of that product until the situation has been
addressed. n220

   As of this writing, more than half of the states have either passed cottage
food deregulation or are considering doing so. n221 The rapid growth of this
lawmaking trend makes it important to answer two questions. First, do cottage
food bills (and similar laws that exempt small producers from licensing,
inspection, and other food safety requirements) help knock down the barriers to
the expansion of the local food movement? And second, do they do so at the
expense of food safety? The remainder of this paper addresses these two
questions.

[*105]

   B. Overcoming the Barriers Imposed by a Complicated Federalist System of Food
Safety Laws

 The answer to whether small producer exemptions help to overcome the challenges
posed by a complicated system of federal oversight is simple: they do not.
Jurisdictional silos will still persist after passage of the FSMA and these
state law exemptions, and local food vendors will still need to machete their
way through a thicket of complicated federal laws. While that is bad news for
small producers, it is good news for lawyers, who may well find that demand for
their services (especially in the area of business planning, insurance, and
regulatory compliance) will continue to grow along with the local foods
movement.

   As to the second barrier - the sheer number of applicable laws small
producers must comply with - small producer exemptions score a little better.
After all, that is precisely what exemptions to laws are intended to do - reduce
the number of laws that regulated entities have to comply with. But as noted
above, the best of these cottage food bills and small producer exemptions do not
totally exempt small producers from regulation; they just remove the most
financially burdensome aspect of those regulations (e.g., commercial kitchens
and expensive routine inspections). Given the knowledge gap we identified
earlier in the paper, we worry that small producers who are offered even limited
exemptions from inspection and oversight may not think about corollary legal
issues related to food production, such as adequate product liability insurance,
or tort liability. That will be discussed more in section V.c., below.

   But for now, the bottom line on this point is that small producer exemptions
do not fundamentally change the nature of the industrialized food system or the
complex regulatory scheme that governs it. They are small islands in a vast sea
of laws, but that sea remains a rough one and therefore best suited to those
with big boats.

[*106]

   C. Overcoming the Barriers Imposed by the Lack of Small Producer Knowledge

 Importantly, laws that exempt small producers from certain requirements do
nothing to address the threshold awareness issue identified in this paper: too
many small producers do not know enough about the rules surrounding their small
farm businesses. Therefore, outreach and education is critically important. For
the past few years, the authors have been working on an online education and
outreach project - the Illinois Direct Farm Business Guide - that constitutes a
comprehensive overview of all the state and federal laws that apply to small
producers in Illinois. The Guide, available at www.directfarmbusiness.org,
examines general business topics such as taxation, labor and employment,
business planning, and setup. It also examines rules and regulations that apply
to specific direct farm business products (such as dairy, eggs, grains, honey,
livestock and poultry, fruits and vegetables, and organic produce), as well as
other legal issues that may arise in the context of establishing and operating a
direct farm business.

   The Direct Farm Business Guide also included a series of webinar
presentations at county Extension offices throughout Illinois. n222 Participants
at these sessions were highly motivated and asked insightful questions,
indicating a higher degree of specialized interest as opposed to general
community attendance. Participants sent dozens of follow-up questions via email,
phone, and mail. Based on this positive feedback, the authors have expanded
their outreach efforts by partnering with educational institutions in other
states in order to create similar guides. Furthermore, many universities,
including the University of Illinois, have Farm Beginnings programs that teach
beginning producers what they need to know about starting and operating a farm.
n223 One  [*107]  component of those programs should be legal education with a
specific focus on business development and the regulatory environment
surrounding small farm production.

   Overall, the response to the Direct Farm Business project has been
overwhelmingly positive, and we are pleased with the results from the follow-up
survey we gave to participants at both webinars. As noted above, we were
interested in how much participants thought they knew about the rules and the
risks associated with their businesses, both before and after the webinar. The
numbers show improvement on both counts: specifically, the participant
self-assessed knowledge of the applicable legal rules increased from an average
of 2.53 (on a 5-point scale) before the webinar to 3.69 afterwards; we saw a
similar increase in participants' self-assessed ability to identify legal risks
(from 2.76 before to 4.00 afterwards). Furthermore, 64% of participants said
that the presentation helped them identify a risky business practice that they
intended to change.

   These survey results indicate that outreach programs targeted at small and
beginning farmers and producers are both in-demand and useful in educating these
producers about the many laws associated with their businesses. In addition, for
those who participate, these programs may reduce the chance of running afoul of
these laws. However, there is more work to be done. Our previous research
indicates that many small producers operate their businesses informally, even
sometimes without the benefit of written contracts or adequate insurance. n224
And they are also sometimes hesitant to consult legal and financial
professionals for help, though they are willing to attend educational sessions
such as  [*108]  our webinars. n225 Therefore, continued outreach is key, not
only by educators, but also by practicing attorneys looking to expand their
client base and demonstrate the value of their services to a growing sector of
American small business.

   D. Overcoming the Barrier of the Cost of Compliance

 Perhaps more than any other barrier, small producer exemptions and cottage food
laws are aimed at reducing the burdensome costs associated with operating a
small food business. As noted above, the six figure commercial kitchens required
by many state inspection schemes are simply not an option for most would-be
cottage food producers. Moreover, while state inspected community commercial
kitchens remove the need to purchase a five thousand dollar oven, they are not
always free to use. n226 As one would-be cake baker in Texas noted:



   Say you are making a $ 50 cake, which most people consider to be a lot for a
birthday cake. It takes you three hours to make the cake and you pay $ 15 an
hour for the kitchen. How does that work out? It doesn't. You end up owing money
on every cake you make. n227

 Therefore, by allowing producers to cook in their own kitchens, cottage food
bills and similar exemptions can create viable business models where they
otherwise would not exist, and they do  [*109]  so by cutting costs. The authors
are not aware of any formal studies examining this relationship, but journalism
students at the University of Texas-Austin examined the impact of Texas' cottage
food bill on a $ 20,000 bank loan and found that the law, by erasing nearly $
11,000 in commercial kitchen costs, would give small producers about $ 10,000
more in operating capital than if the law were not in place. n228 This is a
promising start, but additional, formal research could help to quantify more
clearly the cost benefits of cottage food laws.

   Furthermore, studies need to be conducted on the on the impact of private
safety regulations on small producers. In other words, when producers want to
ramp up the scale of their operations and sell bread to a local restaurant
instead of a farmers' market, or at a Whole Foods, will that supply contract
require a commercial kitchen? Though some smaller grocers have indicated that
they are willing to buy local foods on the spot market rather than through
production contracts, n229 very few studies have examined the procurement
requirements or the processes by which retailers acquire local foods. n230
Further research should explore how private safety efforts affect the costs
associated with running a local food business.

   Finally, even with educational outreach aimed at educating small farmers
about laws applicable to their businesses, the problem of inconsistent
enforcement remains. As noted above in section IV.a.iii.2, the state and local
food inspection regimes leave a lot of room for inspector discretion, which
leads to rules that can vary considerably from county to county or even from
municipality to municipality. n231 As noted above, the Illinois Department of
Health has issued only non-binding guidance as to what foods are  [*110]
permitted at farmers' markets; local inspectors in each jurisdiction decide what
is actually permitted and what is not, and that interpretation can change
without much prior notice.

   In response, local food advocates in Illinois have recently succeeded in
passing a bill aimed at creating a consistent regulatory baseline for foods sold
at farmers' markets. Senate Bill 1852, signed into law in August 2011, n232
creates a statewide task force whose primary purpose is to assist the Director
of the Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) in implementing a uniform
scheme for regulating foods sold at farmers' markets throughout the state. n233
While the bill optimistically provides that "the rules and regulations described
in this Act shall be consistently enforced by local health authorities
throughout the State," n234 the substantive thrust of S.B. 1852 is the provision
that requires IDPH to adopt administrative rules for foods found at farmers'
market - in other words, to create the uniform legal baseline that has thus far
been lacking. n235

   To accomplish that goal, the task force, which consists of a mix of
legislative and administrative appointees, IDPH officials, and members of the
public, is to "undertake a comprehensive and thorough review of the current
Statutes and administrative rules that define which products and practices are
permitted ... for farmers markets[,]" consolidate and synthesize those rules,
and then advise IDPH as it follows its legislative mandate to adopt binding
administrative regulations and procedures. n236 The ultimate effectiveness of
this rather novel approach to legislating consistent enforcement will naturally
turn upon what administrative rules  [*111]  IDPH eventually promulgates, but at
least Illinois has acknowledged that its current scheme for regulating farmers'
markets is a mess, perhaps a small achievement in itself.

   E. Overcoming the Barrier of Resistance to Small Farmer Exceptionalism

 Recall that local food advocates have justified legal exemptions for small
producers by advancing three main arguments: (1) local food is healthier than
non-local food; (2) local food is safer than food that comes from thousands of
miles away; and (3) local food systems can reinvigorate stagnant local economies
and provide a counterweight to a global food chain that increasingly outsources
agricultural production. n237 As noted above, the empirical evidence backing
each of these assertions varies from pretty good (in the case of the economic
argument), to tentative (in the case of the health argument), to nearly
non-existent (in the case of the safety argument). n238

   Given the current state of research, it is not surprising that two of these
assertions, the economic argument and the food safety argument, have crashed
head-on as the local foods movement expands. The notion that small producers can
stimulate local economies, and therefore should be given special legal
exemptions that ease burdensome restrictions, has started to take hold. For
example, the Illinois Farmers' Market Task Force bill explicitly recognizes the
quantifiable economic benefits associated with direct-to-consumer outlets:



   Farmers' markets serve as a stimulator for local economies and for thousands
of new businesses every year, allowing farmers to sell directly to consumers and
capture the full retail value of their products. They have become important
community  [*112]  institutions and have figured in the revitalization of
downtown districts and rural communities. n239

 In addition, the exceptions embedded in the Tester-Hagan amendment - unlike
many of the other federal small business carve-outs - are specifically aimed at
pushing back against the industrialized food system and its aims. As Senator
Tester put it:



   We deal with consolidation in our energy sector[,] ... in our banking sector,
and we have consolidation in our food industry, too. The fact is that we need to
not encourage that consolidation... . If we can get more locally grown food, and
get producers to connect up with consumers eyeball to eyeball, that's a positive
thing... . My amendment really protects the ability for farmers markets to
flourish and provide food for people locally, without shipping it halfway around
the world and back again. n240

 However, some producers and policymakers worry that small producer exemptions
such as those embedded in the Tester-Hagan amendment will come at the expense of
food safety. During the debate over the Tester-Hagan amendment, trade groups
representing the "vast majority of growers, producers, shippers, distributors,
processors, packers, and wholesalers" sent a letter to ranking members of the
Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions opposing any
exemptions for small producers:



   We believe an operation's size, the growing practices used, or its proximity
to customers does not  [*113]  determine whether the food offered is safe. What
matters is that the operation implements prudent product safety practices,
whether the product is purchased at a roadside stand, a farmers' market, or a
large supermarket. n241

 There's more than a hint of economic protectionism in this statement; food
safety outbreaks - especially those involving raw agricultural commodities -
often shut down entire industries, no matter the size of the producer that
sourced the contaminated produce. n242

   But state regulators have also pushed back against small producer exemptions
solely on grounds of public safety. During the debate over Illinois' cottage
food bill, a representative of the Cook County Department of Public Health told
the Chicago Tribune that the Department was "very concerned" about the law's
exemptions for home-based products, and that "allowing people to prepare food in
an unregulated environment could lead to an increase in foodborne-illness
outbreaks" because "parents and pet owners might contaminate food if they don't
wash their hands after changing diapers or cleaning up after their pets." n243

   This particular hand-wringing demonstrates only that the Cook County
Department of Public Health apparently has very low expectations as to the
cleanliness habits of the general public. Data from the CDC show that in
Illinois in 2008 there were 23 confirmed  [*114]  foodborne illnesses that
sickened about 2,900 people. n244 Of those outbreaks, only four of them (which
sickened about 40 people) were traced back to food made in home kitchens. n245
Two of those instances involved food not exempted by Illinois' cottage food bill
(cheese and ground turkey), and the foods associated with the other two
outbreaks were never identified. n246 Ohio has had a cottage food law for ten
years, and the Ohio Department of Agriculture has reported that it has not seen
any uptick in foodborne illnesses since the law went into place. n247 Perhaps
Ohio cottage food producers just are really diligent about washing their hands
after changing diapers.

   Or perhaps more likely, these cottage food bills have hit upon an idea not
often embedded in food regulation: that laws should be both risk-and
scale-appropriate. Far from disregarding consumer safety, many cottage food
bills recognize one of this paper's main arguments - that locally produced food
has the potential to be just as contaminated with pathogens as non-local food.
The Illinois bill does this even better than some cottage food laws in other
states by specifically defining a "potentially hazardous food" as any that
requires time and temperature controls to limit the growth of pathogenic
organisms. n248 That means meat, poultry, eggs, fish and seafood, dairy
products, and processed foods like fresh-cut vegetables and even "rhubarb,
tomato, and pepper jellies" will continue to be subject to all of the Illinois
Department of Public Health's applicable rules and regulations precisely because
they are higher-risk foods. n249

   Furthermore, the bill negates the most worrisome food safety issue associated
with otherwise low-risk baked goods - food allergens - by imposing strict
allergy labeling requirements. n250 And  [*115]  by conditioning the regulatory
exemption upon a gross receipts threshold, n251 the bill encourages small
business growth (and the attendant economic benefits that these operations
provide) by easing start-up and regulatory costs on cottage food producers until
their operations are large enough to sustain other modes of distribution -
including retail sale - and should therefore be subject to increased oversight.

   The bottom line is that there is always risk associated with eating food,
just like there is always risk associated with getting out of bed in the
morning. We make decisions every day about whether to take an action despite the
risk of doing so, or avoiding it because the risk is too high. The best of these
cottage food bills help preserve consumer choice in the marketplace. In
addition, laws that exempt low-risk foods help preserve limited enforcement
resources for foods that truly do pose a food safety risk. In fact, this point
has been raised by commentators who argue against the need to consolidate
current bifurcated agency oversight into a single, monolithic food safety
industry:



   While it may seem strange that, for instance, a cheese pizza factory is
examined only once every half-decade while a meat pizza factory is tightly
regulated on a daily basis, the discrepancy may stem from legislators' belief
that meat, in general, needs much stricter oversight than cheese, tomatoes, or
wheat. n252

 In other words, while jurisdictional silos and carve-outs may sometimes appear
overlapping and unnecessary on their face, they sometimes may be necessary to
ensure that limited agency resources are focused on areas where attention truly
is needed.  [*116]  Every hour an IDPH inspector spends investigating the sinks
and ovens of a home bread-baking operation is an hour not spent checking for
cockroaches and filth at an egg processing facility.

   At the same time, however, legislators need to make sure that the food items
they exempt as "low-risk" truly are low-risk, and bare assertions that "local
food is safer" (especially with regard to locally-grown fruits and vegetables)
simply are not going to cut it. Researchers should investigate the admittedly
common-sense assertion that additional opportunities for contamination can be
introduced by way of long supply chains and processing plants. Common sense is a
good smell test, but it does not always carry weight with legislators and public
health officials.

   VI. Conclusion: The Downstream Consequences of Small Producer Exemptions

 In sum, local food systems have many benefits. They can help revive flagging
local economies, and they can serve to reconnect consumers with the farmers who
supply our nation with fresh and healthy food. But our country's highly
industrialized food system has gradually erected barriers to entry and expansion
that make it very difficult for small food producers to take advantage of this
burgeoning demand for local food. In response, actors on both the state and
federal levels have passed legislation that eases these barriers by removing
regulatory burdens that resulted in unnecessary time, cost, and procedural
hurdles for small food producers. These exemptions and cottage food bills are
generally a positive development, but as they have proliferated, the calls for
further exemption have gotten louder. In conclusion, it's worth sounding a
cautionary note about the pitfalls that may result from unchecked governmental
deregulation.

   In states like Michigan, which has had a cottage food bill on the books since
July 2010, local food producers and their backers are already arguing that the
regulatory exemptions contained in  [*117]  these laws do not go far enough.
n253 Particularly, they are frustrated that cottage food laws do not allow them
to sell their products in restaurants and retail outlets, and they are
frustrated with the outright ban on the unregulated sale of canned fruit,
vegetables, and salsas. n254 "The truth is ... the law is clashing with the
reality of what people want to do," one restaurant manager told the Detroit
News. n255

   However, the reality of what some small producers want to do (that is,
operate essentially free of regulatory oversight) differs from the reality of
how our pluralistic system of food oversight actually operates. Calls for
additional deregulation raise a very important concluding point: players in the
local food movement need to think carefully about the downstream consequences of
laws that exempt food producers from oversight. To turn a phrase: food safety
regulation abhors a vacuum. If public health officials fail to adequately
regulate food safety, then private actors and the tort system surely will - and
the result may be rules that are more draconian and less transparent than those
enacted by a publicly accountable legislature.

   With the rise in food safety outbreaks over the past few years, many
businesses that sell local foods to end users (in particular, supermarkets,
restaurants, and institutional food service providers) have implemented their
own food safety standards - and in many cases have done so precisely because the
government has not done enough to regulate the safety of certain foods. n256
Some of these standards go well beyond current best practices for food  [*118]
safety, in some cases mandating an environmentally damaging "sterile field"
approach that includes miles of fences, removal of barrier crops, and strict
controls for animal invasions. n257 While some companies have publicly released
their safety metrics, n258 "many companies' standards are considered a trade
secret and are therefore confidential." n259

   When companies impose their own safety metrics as a condition to a supply
agreement, any legal exemptions to food safety laws, and the cost breaks they
are intended to effect, quickly become irrelevant for any producers supplying
local food to that company. Worse, public health officials, policymakers, and
consumers cannot participate in the creation of these standards and
independently assess and provide comments regarding the science upon which they
are based, like they would be able to do in a public agency rulemaking
proceeding, precisely because the standards are private. n260 As a result, we do
not know whether private food safety initiatives are actually making our food
safer.

   In addition to strict private food safety standards, the tort regime that
polices food safety is even less tolerant of pathogenic contamination.
Negligence law applies to small food producers whose products sicken consumers,
and courts have almost universally held that food vendors have a duty of
reasonable care to ensure that their products are safe to eat. n261 Courts often
determine breach of that duty by looking for errors in the food preparation
[*119]  process, including "[cross-contamination], poor personal hygiene ... ,
inadequate cleaning of equipment, inadequate temperatures for storage ...
failure to properly sanitize a facility, and other factors." n262

   Typical foodborne illness negligence cases against food producers are often
stymied by the required element of causation. Long supply chains, commingling,
and inadequate trace-back mechanisms make it difficult to pinpoint the exact
time and place of bacterial contamination. n263 But critically, this is not so
in the case of direct sales. Direct-to-consumer sales remove the hurdle of
proximate cause by cutting out all other potential actors in the supply chain,
making it increasingly likely (if not determinative) that the producer who sold
the goods at the farmers' market is responsible for the contamination. This
point is only bolstered by the fact that courts have not been afraid to use the
tort principle of res ipsa loquitur to hold producers liable for food-based
injuries. n264 With other potentially culpable actors (such as processing
plants, cold storage and transportation facilities, and retail grocers) removed
from the pool of potential defendants, a jury may be more willing to impute a
presumption of negligence solely to the producer.

   At any rate, negligence is not the only claim that consumers injured by
foodborne illnesses may bring against small producers. Products liability offers
another route, and one that imposes strict liability for food contamination. In
the context of manufacturing defects, strict liability imposes liability on
producers regardless of fault and regardless of the degree of caution exercised
in preparing food, so long as the plaintiff can prove that (1) the product's
defective state when it left control of the producer, (2) that the product was
unreasonably dangerous at that time, and (3) that the product was the proximate
cause of the plaintiff's injuries. n265  [*120]  "From a products liability
perspective, food products are generally treated the same as non-food products;
they are considered to have a manufacturing defect if they contain a
"harm-causing ingredient' that "a reasonable consumer would not expect the food
product to contain.'" n266 Juries have consistently determined that reasonable
consumers do not expect their food to contain harmful pathogenic bacteria and
have therefore concluded that food with such pathogens has been defectively
manufactured. n267 As one commentator has noted, "consumers in today's system of
mass-market foods assume their products will be safe. When the expectations are
not met due to a manufacturing defect, courts apply strict liability." n268

   Calls to exempt higher-risk products from further regulation, or to allow
unregulated foods to shroud themselves in the relative anonymity of restaurant
menus and grocery store shelves, would further expose small food producers to
this unforgiving legal regime. In addition, such exemptions are fundamentally
inconsistent with the premises upon which cottage food bills are based: that
food safety regulations should be scale and risk-appropriate. Exemptions that
allow retail sales reintroduce facelessness to the food distribution process,
further undermining the already tenuous premise that food sold with a handshake
is more trustworthy that food from the agro-industrial food complex. n269

   So while cottage food bills and similar laws can indeed bolster the local
food movement, we cannot let them get too far detached from the public safety
regulatory scheme to which they are ultimately tethered. Such tempered
oversight, while not overly burdensome to producers, can go a long way in
insuring minimum  [*121]  sanitary conditions. As Bill Marler, a leading food
products liability attorney has put it:



   Having some level of local oversight protects consumers and protects the
local food movement. Local oversight protects consumers from a few in the local
movement that might take food safety shortcuts, and it protects the local food
movement from me. Local oversight helps assure that the food is small, local,
sustainable, locavore and safe. Safe food makes for no illnesses, and no
illnesses means no lawsuits. n270

 Marler offers sage advice for policymakers considering exempting the local
foods movement entirely from regulatory oversight, especially given the lack of
empirical evidence establishing local foods as safer than their conventional
supply chain counterparts. The intended deregulatory favor could come back to
bite the small producer who, in the absence of a regulatory mandate neglects
food safety, in the form of lawsuits. Moreover, repeated instances could lead to
associating the negative publicity with the broader local foods movement. This
is not to say, however, that there are not compelling reasons to implement
policies to support local food production. To the contrary, local food systems
not only can reinvigorate rural economies and provide an alternative to the
carbon intensive global food chain, but they also bind together communities
through the common act of food consumption.

   But policy solutions are only one aspect of local food system sustainability.
Producers need to take proactive steps to educate themselves on regulations and
business risk issues (e.g.,  [*122]  insurance, product liability) before they
start their cottage businesses and they also need to continually assess and
manage risk. Lawyers and educators need to provide the training and expertise
these producers will need to get their small business off the ground and
thriving to meet the expanding demand for wholesome, locally sourced food.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Antitrust & Trade LawConsumer ProtectionDeceptive Labeling & PackagingFederal
Food, Drug & Cosmetic ActGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodGeneral
OverviewTortsStrict LiabilityHarm Caused by AnimalsGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Associate, Mayer Brown LLP, Chicago. Thanks to Hamline Law School and the
Journal Board for the invitation to speak, as well as for an extremely
informative conference on the issues surrounding small farms.





n2.  Associate Professor, Agricultural and Consumer Economics, University of
Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.





n3.  As discussed in Section V(a)(ii), infra, many states have recently passed
so-called "cottage food industry" laws that exempt certain foods made in home
kitchens from licensing and inspection requirements. For a good general overview
of these laws, see generally Nina W. Tarr, Food Entrepreneurs and Food Safety
Regulation, 7 J. Food L. & Pol'y 35 (2011).





n4.  See Thomas A. Lyson, Civic Agriculture: Reconnecting Farm, Food and
Community 8 (2004) ("Less than one hundred years ago most rural households
sustained themselves by farming. While some agricultural products were sold for
money on the open market, others were produced solely for household consumption
or for bartering with neighbors. All family members, including husbands, wives,
and children, contributed their labor to the economic maintenance and survival
of the household.").





n5.  Id. at 8-9 ("Rural communities also served as places that nurtured
participation in civic and social affairs, and as such they could be viewed as
nodes that anchored people to place.").





n6.  Id. at 8.





n7.  See Neil D. Hamilton, Feeding Our Future: Six Philosophical Issues Shaping
Agricultural Law, 72 Neb. L. Rev. 210, 213 (1993) ("Production agriculture in
the Western World is now entering the last phase of industrialization--the
integration of each step in the food production system. The production segment
is rapidly becoming part of an industrialized food system.").





n8.  Federal regulations consider a retail food commodity to be "processed food"
if the commodity has gone through processing that change its essential nature,
or if it is combined with another food commodity or some other substantive food
component. 7 C.F.R. § 65.220 (2010). In particular, the regulations cite
cooking, curing, smoking, and restructuring (e.g., emulsifying and extruding) as
examples of processes that change the nature of a commodity. Id. So an apple
would not be a processed food, but a caramel apple and applesauce would be. So
while the scope of "processed food" is actually quite broad, food processing -
and in particular, the use of food additives to increase shelf life and
appearance - has played a central role in the growth of the industrialized food
model. See Susan A. Schneider, Reconnecting Consumers and Producers: On The Path
Toward A Sustainable Food and Agriculture Policy, 14 Drake J. Agric. L. 75,
79-83 (2009) (discussing how the use of food additives formed the basis of the
Food and Drug Administration's current regulatory scheme for food ingredients)
[hereinafter FDA].





n9.  In 1935, there were approximately 7 million farms in the United States, or
about one farm for every 18 people. In 2005, there were about 2.1 million farms
- or about one farm for every 141 people. Schneider, supra note 8, at 77.





n10.  Lyson, supra note 4, at 31. The growth rate of average acreage size hasn't
been steady; in fact, it picked up significantly during the mid-twentieth
century. In 1950, the average farm size in the U.S. was 215.3 acres - a moderate
56% increase over 1910. The growth rate between 1950 and 2004, however, was
approximately 230%. Id.





n11.  Lyson, supra note 4, at 31.





n12.  Daniel Cohen, The History, Politics & Perils of the Current Food Safety
Controversy: CAFF Guide to Proposed Food Safety Regulations, Community Alliance
with Fam. Farmers (Jan. 2008), at 21, available at
http://caff.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/FoodSafety2008.pdf.





n13.  Lyson, supra note 4, at 34-35.





n14.  Id.





n15.  See Robert A. Hoppe & David E. Banker, Structure and Finances of U.S.
Farms, Family Farm Report, 2010 Edition, at iv, EIB-66, U.S. Dept. of Agr.,
Econ. Res. Serv. July 2010 (noting that although large-scale farms make up only
12% of U.S. farms in 2007, they accounted for 84% of the value of U.S.
agricultural production).





n16.  See Molly Kate Bean, Consumer Support For Local and Organic Foods In Ohio
(2008) (unpublished Ph.D. dissertation, Ohio State University) (on file with
Ohio State University) , available at
http://etd.ohiolink.edu/view.cgi/Bean%20Molly%20K.pdf?osu1199131855 ("Data
compiled by Hendrickson and Heffernan (2005) at the University of Missouri
suggest that since 1990 the concentration ratio for all the agricultural markets
except for ethanol have steadily increased and that a handful of firms control a
significant share of the processing of major commodities produced in the United
States.").





n17.  For a thoughtful and succinct discussion of the rapid and significant
structural changes in production agriculture in the late 1980s and early 1990s,
see Thomas N. Urban, Agricultural Industrialization: It's Inevitable, Choices,
4th Qtr. 1991 available at
http://www.soc.iastate.edu/class/325/agricultural%20industrialization.pdf.





n18.  See, A. Bryan Endres & Nicholas R. Johnson, Integrating Stakeholder Roles
in Food Production, Marketing, and Safety Systems: An Evolving
Multi-Jurisdictional Approach, 26 J. Envtl. L. and Litig. 29, 70 (2011).





n19.  Id. (describing the genesis of the 1933 Agricultural Adjustment Act and
its successor, the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act of 1937).





n20.  Lyson, supra note 4, at 45.





n21.  Id.





n22.  See, Tadlock Cowan, CRS Report for Congress: The Changing Structure of
Agriculture and Rural America: Emerging Opportunities and Challenges, 9 (2001),
available at http://www.nationalaglawcenter.org/assets/crs/RL31172.pdf ("Rapid
and increasing consolidation and coordination (vertical integration) in
agriculture are indicators of a more fundamental restructuring occurring in the
food and fiber system today. A growing share of commodity producers, mostly
within animal production currently, are joining "supply chains.' A supply chain
is a tightly organized production, processing, and marketing system formed by
agribusiness firms that, in its most coordinated form, could potentially link
each step of food production from proprietary genetic material to the grocery
shelf."). See also, Margaret Fitzsimons, The New Industrial Agriculture:
Regional Integration of Specialty Crop Production, 62 Econ. Geography 334, 335
(1986).





n23.  Bean, supra note 16, at 3-4.





n24.  See Urban, supra note 17, at 4 (noting that the broader industrialized
agricultural production system adopts to change at a much more rapid rate than
the individual producer, who must adapt to stay competitive. For example,
traditional technology development and transfer processes between researchers
and farmers now compete with an industrialized system dominated by multinational
companies. "The autonomous farmer has neither access to all the elements of the
system nor the management skills to organize all elements.").





n25.  Thomas N. Urban, Agricultural Industrialization: It's Inevitable, CHOICES,
4th Qtr., 1991, at 4.





n26.  Hamilton, supra note 7, at 214 (quoting Urban, supra note 25, at 4).





n27.  Schneider, supra note 8, at 76.





n28.  Robert A. Hoppe and David E. Banker, Structure and Finances of U.S. Farms,
Family Farm Report, 2010 Edition, 6 (2010),
http://www.ers.usda.gov/Publications/EIB66/EIB66.pdf (noting that small family
farms made up 88% of U.S. farms in 2007).





n29.  See Michael Pollan, The Food Movement, Rising, The New York Review of
Books (June 10, 2010), available at
http://www.nybooks.com/articles/archives/2010/jun/10/food-movement-rising/?page=
2 ("What is attracting so many people to the movement today (and young people in
particular) is a much less conventional kind of politics, one that is about
something more than food. The food movement is also about community, identity,
pleasure, and, most notably, about carving out a new social and economic space
removed from the influence of big corporations on the one side and government on
the other.").





n30.  Marne Coit, Jumping On the Next Bandwagon: An Overview of the Policy and
Legal Aspects of the Local Food Movement, 4 J. Food L. & Pol'y 45, 46-47 (2008).





n31.  Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals 11
(2006).





n32.  Coit, supra note 30, at 46.





n33.  Id. at 50-51.





n34.  Id. at 51-54.





n35.  Id. at 55.





n36.  John Ikerd, Eating Local: A Matter of Integrity, presented at The Eat
Local Challenge, Portland, OR (June 2, 2005), and at the Sierra Club Farm Tour
and the Alabama Sustainable Agriculture Network Field Day, Banks, Ala. (June 18,
2005), available at
http://web.missouri.edu/[#x7E]ikerdj/papers/Alabama-Eat%20Local.htm.





n37.  Ralph Early, Food Ethics: A Decision Making Tool For The Food Industry? ,
37 Int'l J. Food Sci. & Tech. 339, 342 (2002).





n38.  In a CSA operation, farmers offer members of the public a "share" of their
produce. Shares are usually purchased at the beginning of the season by the
CSA's members and full payment is made up front, thereby giving the farmer
operating capital in advance of the growing season. Throughout the summer and
into the fall, the farmer then delivers fresh produce to the members in
quantities commensurate with the number of shares each member has purchased -
usually on a weekly or bi-weekly basis. Some CSAs encourage members to take an
active role in farm management by volunteering to plant or harvest produce or
help out with other farm tasks, thereby strengthening community bonds and
allowing CSA members - who are often (for lack of a better term) "city slickers"
- to gain a better understanding of how farming works. For a comprehensive
explanation of CSAs and issues surrounding their operation, see generally Jill
Perry and Scott Franzblau, Local Harvest: A Multi-farm CSA Handbook (2010) (on
file with the author).





n39.  Coit, supra note 30, at 56.





n40.  Steve Martinez, et. al., Local Food Systems: Concepts, Impacts, and
Issues, Economic Research Report Number 97, at 6 (2010), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/Publications/ERR97/ERR97.pdf [hereinafter "USDA Local
Foods Report"]. The numbers are even more telling when they are broken out by
annual sales volume: for example, the number of farms with direct-to-consumer
sales revenue of more than $ 10,000 per year increased about 38% over the same
5-year period. Id.





n41.  Id. at 8.





n42.  Id.at 5. Admittedly, direct-to-consumer sales represent only a small
fraction of agricultural sales as a whole. In 2007, the $ 1.2 billion in goods
sold directly to consumers represented only 0.8% of total agriculture sales -
and that's only after removing non-edible products from the total. Id.





n43.  For a discussion of the oligopolistic nature of food supply chains, see,
e.g., Brian L. Buhr, Economics of Antitrust in an Era of Global Agri-Food Supply
Chains: Litigate, Legislate, and/or Facilitate?, 15 Drake J. Agric. L. 33
(2010). See also Aravind R. Ganesh, The Right To Food and Buyer Power, 11 German
L.J. 1190 (2010) (arguing generally that concentrated global food supply chains
place food producers and consumers at a significant disadvantage).





n44.  The complexity and fragmentation of the nation's food safety system has
been well-documented elsewhere. See, e.g., Endres & Johnson, supra note 18, at
39 (noting that our current system of food safety regulation is largely a
product of unfocused, ad hoc legislative efforts); U.S. GEN. ACCOUNTING OFFICE,
GAO-04-588T, FEDERAL FOOD SAFETY AND SECURITY SYSTEM: FUNDAMENTAL RESTRUCTURING
IS NEEDED TO ADDRESS FRAGMENTATION AND OVERLAP (Mar. 30, 2004), available at
http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d04588t.pdf; Michael R. Taylor, Lead or React? A
Game Plan for Modernizing the Food Safety System in the United States, 59 FOOD &
DRUG L.J. 399, 401-02 (2004) ("The current organizational fragmentation of the
system... divides food safety leadership and defeats accountability for the
system's successes and failures."); Richard A. Merrill & Jeffrey K. Francer,
Organizing Federal Food Safety Regulation, 31 SETON HALL L. REV. 61, 115-136
(2000) (arguing for consolidation of food safety responsibilities); Sandra B.
Eskin, Putting All Your Eggs in One Basket: Egg Safety and the Case for a Single
Food-Safety Agency, 59 FOOD & DRUG L.J. 441 (2004). For further discussion of
how our complex food safety system often needlessly burdens small farmers by
imposing significant financial costs, see infra Section IV(A).





n45.  Buhr, supra note 43, at 46-47.





n46.  Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary 730 (11th ed. 2004).





n47.  Id.





n48.  For a discussion of the psychological aspects of connection between the
public and the social and environmental consequences of food consumption, see
Robert Feagan, The Place of food: mapping out the "local' in local food systems,
31 Progress in Human Geography 23, 38 (2007).





n49.  See Jonnie B. Dunne et al., What does "local' mean in the grocery store?
Multiplicity in food retailers' perspectives on sourcing and marketing local
foods, 26 Renewable Agriculture and Food Systems 46, 47 (2010) (noting that most
consumers purchase their food at traditional food retailers and how these
outlets define local food has a large impact).





n50.  Id.





n51.  21 U.S.C. § 331(b) (2006).





N52.  21 U.S.C. § 343(a) (2006).





n53.  See 21 U.S.C. § 321(m) (2006) (defining the term "labeling" under the
Act).





n54.  See U.S. v. Watkins, 278 F.3d 961, 967 (9th Cir. 2002) (citing the
Restatement (Second) of Torts § 538(a) (1977) defining a statement as material
for purposes of the felony misbranding provisions of the FDCA if "a reasonable
man would attach importance to its existence or nonexistence in determining his
choice of action" or "the maker of the representation knows or has reason to
know" that the recipient is likely to consider "the matter important".).





n55.  See Angela Groves, The Local and Regional Food Opportunity 3 (2005),
available at
http://archive.defra.gov.uk/foodfarm/food/industry/regional/pdf/localregfoodopps
.pdf.





n56.  Id.





n57.  Id.





n58.  See Central Intelligence Agency, World Factbook: United Kingdom, available
at https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/geos/uk.html
[hereinafter CIA].





n59.  Dunne, supra note 49, at 50. An earlier (2001) study of store-level retail
managers in one county in upstate New York revealed a common geographic
identification of local to include the surveyed county and surrounding counties
up to a 30 mile radius. See Amy Guptill & Jennifer L. Wilkins, Buying into the
food system: Trends in food retailing in the US and implications for local
foods, 19 Agric. & Human Values 39, 40 & 48 (2002).





n60.  Taro Futamura, Made in Kentucky: The Meaning of "Local'" Food Products in
Kentucky's Farmers' Markets, 18 The Japanese Journal of American Studies, 209,
220 (2007). Professor Kloppenburg et al. advances yet another conceptualization
of local through analogy to watersheds, defining local through a food-shed
concept that incorporates both social and natural constructs. See Jack
Kloppenburg Jr., et al., Coming in to the Foodshed, 13 Agriculture and Human
Values 33, 37 (1996).





n61.  7 U.S.C. § 1932(g)(9)(B)(i) (2006).





n62.  7 U.S.C. § 1932(g)(9)(A)(i) (2006). See also, Derrick Braaten & Marne
Coit, Legal Issues in Local Food Systems, 15 Drake J. Agric. L. 9, 12-13 (2010).





n63.  Pub. L. No. 111-296 (2010), at § 243.





n64.  Specifically, Congress exempted small farms (less than $ 500,000 in total
sales) engaged in direct-farm marketing (so long as 50% of total farm sales were
in direct sales to consumers or restaurants in the same state or within a
275-mile radius). H.R. 2751, 111th Cong. § 105 (2009) (to be codified at 21
U.S.C. § 419(f)) (Exemption For Direct Farm Marketing). Congress included a
similar exemption for these entities from the Hazard Analysis Critical Control
Point (HACCP) requirements contained in section 103 of the bill. H.R. 2751,
111th Cong. (2009) § 103 (to be codified at 21 U.S.C. § 418(l) (Modified
Requirements for Qualified Facilities).





n65.  Id.





n66.  30 Ill. Comp. Stat. 595 (2009).





n67.  30 Ill. Comp. Stat. 595/5 (2009).





n68.  30 Ill. Comp. Stat 595/10 (2009).





n69.  30 Ill. Comp. Stat 595/20 (2009).





n70.  See 30 Ill. Comp. Stat 595/5 (2009); see note 67 and accompanying text
(defining "local farm or food products" as "products grown, processed, packaged,
and distributed by Illinois citizens or businesses located wholly within the
borders of Illinois.").





n71.  USDA Local Foods Report, supra note 40, at 23 (2010). A farmer's selling
capacity can also be constrained by: (1) the cost of direct marketing, including
time constraints (e.g., time spent off-farm selling and marketing goods); (2)
labor shortages; and (3) marketing risks (that is, price competition from other
local sellers, rejection based on quality requirements, and buyers reneging on
contracts). Id.





n72.  Id. at 26-27. Traceback or traceability mechanisms refer to the ability to
trace a food product through each stage of the supply chain with lot-specific
information. This is achieved through labeling of food products and ingredients
by lot and maintaining records of the source and distribution of each product.
Without adequate traceability systems in place, retail and institutional buyers
must assume higher levels of risk and liability associated with potential
foodborne illness outbreaks. Many small farmers also don't have the necessary
knowledge or resources to comply with the detailed recordkeeping and process
conditions embedded in these supply agreements. Id.





n73.  Id. at 23.





n74.  Ill. Admin Code 77, § 760.100 (2011). Illinois cottage food law
exemptions, discussed at Section (V)(A)(2), infra, provide a limited exception
to this general rule.





n75.  Ill. Admin. Code 77, § 760.20 (2011).





n76.  Michael Laris, Near U.S. Open, Montgomery Tries to Put the Squeeze on
Lemonade Stands, Wash. Post, June 17, 2011, available at
http://www.washingtonpost.com/local/dc-politics/montgomery-tries-to-put-the-sque
eze-on-lemonade-stand/2011/06/17/AGJ9fWZH_story.html (quoting a county health
official as saying that the county's vendor laws "don't distinguish whether it's
little kids selling lemonade or if it's some adults doing it for profit").





n77.  Margaret Sova McCabe, Reconsidering Federalism and the Farm: Toward
Including Local, State, and Regional Voices in America's Food System, 6 J. Food
L. & Pol'y 151, 153 (2010).





n78.  Id. at 154.





n79.  Agricultural Marketing Agreements Act of 1937, Pub. L. No. 75-137, 50
Stat. 246 (1937) (codified at 7 U.S.C. § 602(1)).





n80.  See id. (stating the marketing conditions that led to the passage of the
statute).





n81.  McCabe, supra note 77, at 158.





n82.  Note, Reforming the Food Safety System: What If Consolidation Isn't
Enough?, 120 Harv. L. Rev. 1345, 1349 (2007).





n83.  Wickard v. Filburn, 317 U.S. 111 (1942) (holding that Congress may
regulate wholly intrastate activities - including the growth of wheat for
personal use - if the activity in the aggregate has a substantial effect on
commerce).





n84.  See generally Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, 21 U.S.C § 331 (2006)
(prohibiting misbranded or adulterated food from entering the marketplace).





n85.  See generally Farmer-to-Consumer Direct Marketing Act, 7 U.S.C. §§3001
-3007 (2006) (funding state direct marketing assistance programs and directs a
yearly survey to determine what methods of direct farm marketing are being
used).





n86.  See generally Packers and Stockyards Act, 7 U.S.C §§181-229b (2006)
(prohibiting unfair, deceptive, unjustly discriminatory, fraudulent and
anti-competitive practices. Livestock dealers are required to register and be
bonded to protect producers).





n87.  See generally Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act, 7 U.S.C § 551
(2006) (seeking to ensure fair trading practices for fruits and vegetables by
requiring farmers to deliver produce as promised and buyers to pay within a
reasonable period of time of receipt).





n88.  See generally Unfair Trade Practices Affecting Producers of Agricultural
Products Act, 7 U.S.C§§2301-2306 (2006) (protecting farmers who belong to
cooperatives from retaliation or coercion by handlers who are trying to limit
producers' capacity to market and bargain cooperatively).





n89.  See generally Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act, 7 U.S.C §§671-674
(2006) (authorizing the Secretary of Agriculture to approve marketing orders and
marketing agreements for the benefit of commodity producers in order to further
the "orderly marketing" of those commodities).





n90.  The Federal Trade Commission Act, 15 U.S.C.§§41-58 (prohibits untruthful
and deceptive advertising and unfair advertisements) [hereinafter FTCA].





n91.  CAN-SPAM Act, 15 U.S.C.§§7701-7713 (2006) (regulating all commercial email
from a business to a consumer).





n92.  Fair Labor Standards Act, 29 U.S.C.§§201-219 (2006) (establishing minimum
wages, maximum hours, and prohibiting employment discrimination and child
labor).





n93.  Occupational Safety and Health Act, 29 U.S.C. §§660-678 (2006)
(establishing safety and health standards for agricultural employees).





n94.  Migrant and Seasonal Worker Protection Act, 29 U.S.C.§§1801-1872 (2006)
(establishing standards for the employment of migrant and seasonal agricultural
workers and requiring employers to make certain disclosures and maintain
employment records).





n95.  Immigration and Nationality Act, 8 U.S.C. § 1101 (2006) (allowing
businesses to recruit foreign agricultural workers under the H-2A visa program
during seasonal shortages of domestic agricultural workers).





n96.  Egg Products Inspection Act, 21 U.S.C.§§1031-1056 (2006) (authorizing the
USDA to inspect eggs and egg products and establishing standards for uniformity
of eggs).





n97.  Poultry Products Inspection Act, 21 U.S.C.§§451-472 (2006) (authorizing
the USDA to license and inspect poultry production facilities that ship in
interstate commerce).





n98.  Federal Meat Inspection Act, 21 U.S.C.§§601-695 (2006) (authorizing the
USDA to license and inspect meat production facilities that ship in interstate
commerce).





n99.  Elaine Scallan et al., Foodborne Illness Acquired in the United States -
Unspecified Agents, 17 Emerging Infectious Diseases 16, 16 (2011).





n100.  Neal D. Fortin, The Hang-Up With HACCP: The Resistance to Translating
Science into Food Safety Law, 58 Food & Drug L.J. 565, 569-70 (2003).





n101.  Specifically, media coverage of foodborne illness outbreaks tends to be
overly cautious, speculative, and morbidly focused on a body count. For example,
A New York Times article written during the June 2011 outbreak of e. coli in
Europe warned that, while sprouts had been tentatively identified as the cause,
"contaminated seeds from a common supplier might be the ultimate source of the
E. coli bacteria. If those seeds are still in circulation, other outbreaks could
occur." Scott Sayare and William Neuman, German E. Coli Sickens 8 in France,
N.Y. Times, June 24, 2011 available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2011/06/25/world/europe/25ecoli.html?_r=1&ref=foodsafety.
(emphasis added) For three consecutive days in June, CNN ran articles covering
the E. coli outbreak with the following headlines: "At Least 2 More People Die
in German E. Coli Outbreak," "German E. Coli Death Toll Rises Further," and "E.
Coli Death Toll Rises to 31; Sprouts Traced to Trash in Home."





n102.  See A. Bryan Endres, United States Food Law Update, 3 J. of Food L. &
Pol'y 103, 104-7 (2007) (discussing industry crisis as a result of contamination
in the spinach market).





n103.  How FDA Works to Keep Produce Safe, Drugs.com
http://www.drugs.com/fda-consumer/how-fda-works-to-keep-produce-safe-66.html
(last visited March 12, 2012) (noting that this was the first time investigators
were able to find an exact match of the E. coli strain on a farm during a
foodborne illness investigation).





n104.  Marian Burros, E. Coli Fears Inspire a Call for Oversight, N.Y. Times,
Dec. 9, 2006, available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2006/12/09/nyregion/09produce.html.





n105.  Id.





n106.  See 21 U.S.C. § 342(a) (2006) (defining "adulterated" food); 21 U.S.C. §
343(a) (2006) (defining "misbranded" food).





n107.  Peter Barton Hutt, et al., Food Law: Cases and Materials 331 (2007)
("Although the presence of pathogenic microorganisms in food can be the basis
for regulatory action under sections 402(a)(3) and (4), it can also violate
section 402(a)(1)'s prohibition against "any poisonous or deleterious
substance."). See also Continental Seafoods Inc. v. Schweiker, 674 F.2d 38, 44
(D.C. Cir. 1982) (holding that the presence of salmonella in shrimp caused the
product to be "adulterated" per Section 402(a)(1) of the FFDCA).





n108.  Id. at 326-27.





n109.  42 U.S.C. § 264(a) (2006).





n110.  U.S Food and Drug Administration, FDA Food Code,
http://www.fda.gov/food/foodsafety/retailfoodprotection/foodcode/default.htm
(last visited September 14, 2011).





n111.  21 U.S.C. § 331(a) (2006).





n112.  21 U.S.C. § 331(k) (2006).





n113.  Hutt, supra note 107, at 338.





n114.  Id.





n115.  Id. In the 1970s, FDA considered converting its Food Service Sanitation
Ordinance and Codes into binding regulations, but withdrew that plan in the face
of "objections that the proposal abridged the understanding between the states
and the federal government regarding the regulation of the food service
industry[.]" Hutt, supra note 107, at 338.





n116.  Food Code: 1993 Recommendations of the United States Public Health
Service/Food and Drug Administration; Availability, 59 Fed. Reg. 4085 (Jan. 28,
1994). The current version is available at
http://www.fda.gov/Food/FoodSafety/RetailFoodProtection/FoodCode/FoodCode2009/de
fault.htm.





n117.  U.S. Food & Drug Admin., Food Code,
http://www.fda.gov/Food/FoodSafety/RetailFoodProtection/FoodCode/default.htm
(last visited date). (Citing inconsistencies in state-level regulation regimes,
some critics (and indeed, the FDA itself) periodically have called for
Congressional authorization to make the FDA Food Code a compulsory baseline of
regulation at both the state and local levels).





n118.  See U.S Food and Drug Administration, supra note 110, at § 8-301.11
(requiring that all food establishments carry a permit from the applicable
regulatory authority); id. at § 3-201.11(B) ("Food prepared in a private home
may not be used or offered for human consumption in a food establishment."); id.
at 1-201.10(B) (defining "food" as a "raw, cooked, or processed edible
substance, ice, beverage or ingredient used or intended for use or for sale in
whole or in part for human consumption ... ." and defining "food establishment"
as an operation that stores, prepares, packages, serves, vends, relinquishes
control of, or otherwise prepares food for human consumption); id. (exempting
produce stands that sell only raw fruits and vegetables from the definition of
"food establishment").





n119.  See Pathogen Reduction; Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point
(HACCP) Systems, 60 Fed. Reg. 6774 (proposed Feb. 3, 1995) (to be codified at 9
C.F.R. pts. 308, 310, 318, 320, 325, 326, 327 and 381); Pathogen Reduction;
Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP) Systems, 61 Fed. Reg. 38,806
(July 25, 1996) (to be codified at 9 C.F.R. pts. 304, 308, 310, 320, 327, 381,
416 and 417).





n120.  See Irradiation in the Production, Processing, and Handling of Food 55
Fed. Reg. 18,538 (May 2, 1990) (to be codified at 21 C.F.R. pt. 179),
Irradiation in the Production, Processing, and Handling of Food, 62 Fed. Reg.
64,102 (Dec. 3, 1997) (to be codified at 21 C.F.R. pt. 179) (poultry);
Irradiation in the Production, Processing, and Handling of Food, 62 Fed. Reg.
64,107 (Dec. 3, 1997) (to be codified at 21 C.F.R. pt. 179) (meat).





n121.  Fruit and Vegetable Juice Beverages: Notice of Intent to Develop a HACCP
Program, Interim Warning Statement, and Educational Program, 62 Fed. Reg. 45,593
(Aug. 28, 1997) (to be codified at 21 C.F.R. pt. 120), Hazard Analysis and
Critical Control Point (HACCP); Procedures for Safe and Sanitary Processing and
Importing of Juice, 63 Fed. Reg. 20,450 (Apr. 24, 1998) (to be codified at 21
C.F.R. pt. 120); Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP); Procedures
for the Safe and Sanitary Processing and Importing of Juice, 66 Fed. Reg. 6138
(Jan. 19, 2001) (to be codified at 21 C.F.R. pt. 120).





n122.  21 C.F.R Part 118 (2011).





n123.  See, e.g., Endres & Johnson, supra note 18 (discussing the rise of
marketing agreements that impose GAP and GHP best practices upon their
signatories).





n124.  E.g., Gardiner Harris & William Neuman, Senate Passes Sweeping Law On
Food Safety, N.Y. Times, (Nov. 30, 2010),
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/12/01/health/policy/01food.html?ref=foodsafety ("
"This is a historic moment,' said Erik Olson, deputy director of the Pew Health
Group, an advocacy organization. "For the first time in over 70 years, the
Senate has approved an overhaul of the F.D.A.'s food safety law that will help
ensure that the food we put on our kitchen tables will be safer.'").





n125.  FDA Food Safety Modernization Act, Pub. L. No. 111-353, § 105, 124 Stat.
3885, 3899 (2011) (to be codified at 21 U.S.C. § 419(b)(3)(E)).





n126.  FDA Food Safety Modernization Act, Pub. L. No. 111-353, § 103 124 Stat.
3889 (2011) (to be codified at 21 U.S.C. § 2223).





n127.  FDA Food Safety Modernization Act, Pub. L. No. 111-353, § 204, 124 Stat.
at 3931 (2011) (to be codified at 21 U.S.C. § 2223).





n128.  See Nina W. Tarr, Food Entrepreneurs and Food Safety Regulation, 7 J.
Food L. & Pol'y 35, 44 (2011) (describing how Illinois law regulates farmers'
markets).





n129.  E.g., 55 Ill. Comp. Stat. 5/5-1052 (2008) and 55 Ill. Comp. Stat.
5/5-25001 (2008).





n130.  See, e.g., City of Chicago, Ill., Municipal Code. 7-38 (setting forth
sanitary operating requirements for food establishments in the City of Chicago).





n131.  Tarr, supra note 128, at 44-45.





n132.  Funded by the USDA's North Central Risk Management Education Center,
NCRME Project Number REM-J4303409, this project included a series of
internet-based workshops and the publication of an on-line legal guide to direct
farm business operations (www.directfarmbusiness.org) designed to inform new and
diversifying farmers of their obligations under various food safety, tax, labor
and environmental laws. Members of the University of Illinois Extension
advertised the webinars and hosted the interactive sessions in multiple
locations throughout the state. The researchers collected pre-and post-webinar
information to evaluate the effectiveness of the session and identify issues
that require additional research and educational outreach. Survey data remains
on file with the authors.





n133.  Certainly there's a self-selection bias at work here: as a general
matter, people who know a lot about the legal issues surrounding their
businesses are probably less likely to attend educational seminars addressing
those issues. But the interest in our webinar suggests that the number of small
farmers - especially new and beginning ones - who aren't comprehensively
knowledgeable about the laws applicable to their businesses is likely quite
considerable. Survey data remains on file with the authors.





n134.  See, e.g., Debra Tropp & Jim Barham, National Farmers Market Summit
Proceedings Report, Mar. 2008, at 18, available at
http://http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName=STELPRDC5066926&acct=wdm
geninfo ("Producers need to be better educated about appropriate production and
postharvest practices, good agricultural practices (GAP) certification, and
liability insurance in order to meet buyer or farmers market requirements and
expand their access to consumers.").





n135.  A. Bryan Endres & Elise Benveniste, Legal Issues in the Development and
Operation of Community Supported Agriculture, Presentation at 2009 AFHVS/ASFS
Conference, Informing Possibilities for the Future of Food and Agriculture (May
29, 2009) (transcript available on file with the author).





n136.  Survey responses are on file with the authors, but are confidential due
to Institutional Review Board survey privacy rules.





n137.  Kristen Markley, Food Safety and Liability Insurance: Emerging Issues for
Farmers and Institutions 10 (2010), available at
http://www.foodsecurity.org/pub/Food_Safety_and_Liability_Ins-EmergingIssues.pdf
.





n138.  USDA Local Foods Report, supra note 40, at 27.





n139.  Public Health Food and Drug Safety Sanitary Food Preparation Act, 410
Ill. Comp. Stat. 650/11 (2011).





n140.  Ill Adm. Code tit. 77 § 730 (2011).





n141.  Id.





n142.  See generally Tarr, supra note 3, at 45-48 (discussing the myriad of
local inspections).





n143.  Ill. Dep't of Public Health, Office of Health Prot. Division of Food,
Drugs and Dairies, Technical Info. Bulletin/Food #30, available at
http://www.agr.state.il.us/farmersmarket/IDPH_TIBF30.pdf.





n144.  Deborah Cavanaugh-Grant, Food Rules: Assessing Legal Variables and
Managing Entrepreneurial Farm Business Risks, Presentation at the 2011 Extension
Risk Management Education National Conference, available at
www.agrisk.umn.edu/conference/uploads/DCavanaugh-Grant0977_01.ppt, at 12.





n145.  Id.





n146.  See also Debra Tropp & Jim Barham, National Farmers Market Summit
Proceedings Report, Mar. 2008, at 18, available at
http://ddr.nal.usda.gov/handle/10113/38403 ("Right now, confusion over which
agency has jurisdiction in a particular area - as well as inconsistencies in
regulatory scope across State, county, and municipal lines - makes it difficult
for growers to determine which regulations apply to their situation, who is
responsible for developing and enforcing these regulations, and who can give
them the correct policy guidance. Even in situations where the lines of
authority are fairly clear, it is not always obvious if direct farm sales are
exempt from existing food safety and processing regulations. Furthermore, some
so-called "voluntary' food safety and processing regulations are not always
interpreted as such by the enforcing authorities.").





n147.  In Illinois, the story is often told about a directive from the Illinois
Department of Health some years ago that banned "raw milk and cheese" at
farmers' markets. Of course, this directive was intended to mean that vendors
couldn't sell raw milk, and also couldn't sell cheese made from raw milk (but
could sell other kinds of cheese). One county IDPH office interpreted this as
preventing the sale of "raw milk" and all cheese, and therefore banned all
cheese sales at farmers' markets in his county. The mistaken interpretation
eventually was corrected, but the story stands as an extreme example of the
perils of unfettered inspector discretion at the local level.





n148.  See, e.g., Elanor Starmer & Marie Kulick, Food & Water Watch, Inst. for
Agric.& Trade Policy, Bridging the GAPS: Strategies to Improve Produce Safety,
Preserve Farm Diversity, and Strengthen Local Food System 14-15 (2009),
available at
http://www.iatp.org/documents/bridging-the-gaps-strategies-to-improve-produce-sa
fety-preserve-farm-diversity-and-strengt.





n149.  Id. at 3-7 (discussing the rise of private food safety initiatives).





n150.  Leafy Green Vegetables Handled in the United States: Hearing on Proposed
Marketing Agreement No. 970 Before the U.S. Dep't of Agric. (testimony of
Anthony Souza at 3) available at
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName=STELPRDC5080327 (discussing
USDA's auditing programs for more than 100 specific agricultural commodities);
id. at 6 ("The current fee for audit based services is $ 92/hour per auditor.").





n151.  Id. at 15.





n152.  See Tarr, supra note 3, at 36-37.





n153.  See generally 77 Ill. Adm. Code§§750-760, (outlining the sanitation
requirements for food service operations and retail food stores in Illinois).





n154.  This term is an offshoot of what other scholars have called "agricultural
exceptionalism" - that is, "the use of legal exceptions to protect the
agricultural industry[.]" See Susan A. Schneider, A Reconsideration of
Agricultural Law: A Call For the Law of Food, Farming, and Sustainability, 34
Wm. & Mary Envtl. L. & Pol'y Rev. 935, 935 (2010). Schneider notes that
"agricultural exceptionalism" has been used to exempt the farming industry as a
whole from things like involuntary bankruptcy laws, environmental regulations,
and antitrust restrictions. Id. at 936. "Small producer exceptionalism" is thus
different in the sense that it constitutes a small pocket of the agricultural
production industry calling for exemptions to laws that regulators have already
decided, as a matter of blanket policy, should apply to farmers and food
producers.





n155.  See, e.g., Bean, supra note 16 at 27 ("Advocates claim that local food
systems enhance health, food-security, and well-being for persons, communities,
and ecological systems (Guptill and Wilkins, 2002"); USDA Local Foods Report,
supra note 40, at 45-46 ("The relationship between local foods and healthy food
items, such as fresh fruits and vegetables, has led to claims that local food
systems may provide health benefits from improved nutrition, obesity prevention,
and a reduced risk of chronic diet-related disease. Potential health benefits
have been cited as a justification for farm-to-institution marketing programs,
including farm to school programs (Vogt and Kaiser, 2008; Bagdonis et. al.,
2009; Oklahoma Food Policy Council, 2003), and as a benefit of joining a
community supported agriculture (CSA) program (Lea et. al., 2006). Others have
suggested that promoting locally grown food can improve community health
outcomes (Conner and Levine, 2007; Thompson et al., 2008)").





n156.  See, e.g., Bean, supra note 16, at 62 ("Purchase of local foods has also
been perceived by some consumers as safer (Stephenson and Lev, 1998), with some
even suggesting that local food systems or practices emerge as a result of
anxiety or uncertainty related to the contemporary food system (Lamine,
2005)."); Martinez, et. al., supra note 40, at 42 ("It has been suggested that
local food systems could reduce food safety risks by decentralizing production
(Peters et. al., 2008).").





n157.  See, e.g., Bean, supra note 16, at 27 ("An especially prominent argument
for local food systems is that the dollars spent for locally produced foods
circulates [sic] more through the local community than dollars spent for foods
produced elsewhere by multinational food corporations (Lyson, 2004; Ostrom,
2006)."); USDA Local Foods Report, supra note 40, at 43 ("Claims of economic
development impacts - in the form of income and employment growth - are common
in local foods research. Ross et. al. (1999), Marketumbrella.org (1999), Marsden
et. al. (2000), and Ikerd (2005) suggest that expansion of local foods may be a
development strategy for rural areas. Zepeda and Li (2006), Darby et. al.
(2008), Lawless et. al. (1999), and Starr et. al. (2003) cite farmers' retention
of a greater share of the food dollar going to the "middlemen' as a possible
benefit. Roininen et. al. (2006) assert that local foods systems may encourage
growth in local labor markets.").





n158.  Mike Adams, Anti-Foaming Agent Found in Chicken McNuggets, Natural
News.com (June 26, 2011),
http://www.naturalnews.com/032820_Chicken_McNuggets_ingredients.html (providing
a "you really don't want to know" analysis of what goes into McDonald's Chicken
McNuggets).





n159.  Bean, supra note 16, at 64.





n160.  Id.





n161.  Id.





n162.  USDA Local Foods Report, supra note 40, at 46.





n163.  Gareth Edwards-Jones, et. al, Testing the assertion that "local food is
best': the challenges of an evidence-based approach, 19 Trends in Food Science &
Technology 265, 271 (2008).





n164.  See USDA Local Foods Report, supra note 40, at 46 (" "Freshly picked
foods ... retain more nutrients than less fresh foods' "); Edwards-Jones, supra
note 163, at 271 ("Storage can also reduce vegetable quality due to microbial
spoilage and nutritional losses, with the most susceptible nutrient compounds
being ascorbic acid, niacin, folic acid, phenolics, carotenoids, and
flavanoids").





n165.  Edwards-Jones, et al., supra note 163, at 271.





n166.  Id.





n167.  Id.





n168.  Bean, supra note 16, at 64.





n169.  Ike Wilson, E. Coli outbreak raises food origin and safety concerns,
Frederick News Post, June 8, 2011,
http://www.fredericknewspost.com/sections/business/display.htm?StoryID=122175.
(A farmer in Maryland responded to the recent European outbreak of E. coli - one
of the deadliest on record - this way: "I don't know what to think about the
European outbreak, but it's a good reason to buy local ... . Know where your
food comes from").





n170.  See, e.g., Brian Halweil, Home Grown: The Case for Local Food in a Global
Market, at 61 (2002) ("Food that spends large amounts of time in transit,
changes hands multiple times, and is processed in huge batches provides nearly
unlimited opportunities for both accidental and malicious contamination, on a
scale impossible with a shorter, more decentralized food chain."). See also,
Cohen, supra note 12, at 11-12 ("Disease contamination issues in produce are
dominated by handler issues, processing issues, and the fresh-cut market
segment. Processors are the known sources of many multi-state produce pathogen
outbreaks and recalls of the last twenty years").





n171.  James Andrews, Relaxing the Rules for Small, Local Food Sellers, Food
Safety News, Mar. 16, 2011,
http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2011/03/loosening-the-rules-for-small-local-food-s
ellers/. See also Tarr, supra note 3, at 68 ("The public point of sale, such as
the well-managed farmers' market, provides another safeguard.").





n172.  Tarr, supra note 3, at 68.





n173.  See Endres & Johnson, supra note 18, at 55 (discussing the informational
asymmetries between food producers and consumers that prevent consumers from
knowing exactly how their food is produced, and accordingly, how safe it is).





n174.  Bean, supra note 16, at 62 ("Purchase of local foods has also been
perceived by some consumers as safer (Stephenson and Lev, 1998), with some even
suggesting that local food systems or practices emerge as a result of anxiety or
uncertainty related to the contemporary food system (Lamine, 2005)."). See also
Rich Pirog & Rebecca Rasmussen, Food, Fuel, and the Future: Consumer Perceptions
of Local Food, Food Safety, and Climate Change in the Context of Rising Prices,
Leopold Ctr. for Sustainable Agric., 15 (Sept. 2008),
http://www.leopold.iastate.edu/sites/default/files/pubs-and-papers/2008-09-food-
fuel-and-future-consumer-perceptions-local-food-food-safety-and-climate-change-c
ontext-rising-p.pdf (noting that "more than 40 percent [of study respondents]
felt it was important to know how the food was produced and who handled the food
from farm to store. More than one-quarter (26 percent) believed that knowing the
farmer or whoever produced and processed the food would help increase their
confidence.").





n175.  Bean, supra note 16, at 25.





n176.  Id. ("In a recent study, Tegtmeier (2003) found food safety to have the
strongest association with support for buying foods locally."). See also Tarr,
supra note 3, at 57 ("There is some argument that food safety anxiety is a
response to the problems of big agriculture that requires the use of chemicals,
drugs, prolonged storage, and extended shipping. Products are consolidated and
consumers have no idea where there food comes from or who has produced it.").





n177.  See, e.g., USDA Local Foods Report, supra note 40, at 42 ("It has been
suggested that local food systems could reduce food safety risks by
decentralizing production (Peters et. al., 2008)"); Peters, C.J., et. al.,
Foodshed Analysis and Its Relevance to Sustainability, 24 Renewable Agriculture
and Food Systems 1, 3 ("It has been posited that a more local food system would
decrease food safety risks by decentralizing food production."); Brian Halweil,
Home Grown: The Case for Local Food in a Global Market (2002), at 61 ("Food that
spends large amounts of time in transit, changes hands multiple times, and is
processed in huge batches provides nearly unlimited opportunities for both
accidental and malicious contamination, on a scale impossible with a shorter,
more decentralized food chain."); Joan Dye Gussow, Dietary Guidelines for
Sustainability: Twelve Years Later, 31 J. of Nutrition and Educ. 194-196 (1999)
("Shortening the distance your food must travel may turn out to be the best way
of ensuring that what you eat is not laden with the often deadly organisms that
ride our perishable foods to see the world.").





n178.  Caroline Smith DeWaal, Dir. of Food Safety, Ctr. for Sci. in the Pub.
Interest, Testimony before the Subcommittee on Domestic Policy of the House
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform (July 29, 2009), available at
http://oversight.house.gov/images/stories/Hearings/pdfs/20090729DeWaal.pdf.





n179.  Daniel Cohen, The History, Politics & Perils of the Current Food Safety
Controversy: CAFF Guide to Proposed Food Safety Regulations, Community Alliance
with Family Farmers, 26-28, (Jan. 2008),
http://caff.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/FoodSafety2008.pdf (describing the
investigation into the 2006 bagged spinach outbreak).





n180.  1 Dead, 16 Sick From E. Coli in Strawberries, USA Today (Aug. 9, 2011),
http://yourlife.usatoday.com/fitness-food/safety/story/2011/08/1-dead-16-sick-fr
om-E-coli-in-strawberries/49884192/1.





n181.  Bruce Blythe, Iowa Farmers Market Salmonella Outbreak Investigated, The
Packer (July 19, 2010), available at
http://www.thepacker.com/fruit-vegetable-news/iowa_farmers_market
_salmonella_outbreak_investigated_122127929.html.





n182.  See Dunne, supra note 49, at 54 ("Pirog and Rasmussen found that
consumers perceive their local or regional food systems to be safer than the US
food system as a whole, presenting a marketing opportunity for food retailers to
capitalize on.").





n183.  See, e.g., Gretchen Goetz, Food Safety at Farmers Markets and Fruit
Stands, Food Safety News (Aug. 15, 2011),
http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2011/08/national-farmers-market
-week-highlight-on-food-safety-at-the-fruit-stand/ ("Unfortunately, the risk of
getting foodborne illness from fresh foods will never be zero, regardless of
whether consumers wash the produce at home, said Bill Keene, senior
epidemiologist at Oregon's Department of Public Health. There is "no connection
that we know of (and no data either),' between washing fruit and contracting
infections ... "I wouldn't expect washing to do much of anything microbiological
- bugs are kind of bound in microfilm or otherwise pretty tough to knock off
with a stream of tap water. Chance is your best protection for raw produce.'
However, such risk is not specific to farmers markets but is inherent with fresh
produce anywhere ... .").





n184.  See, e.g., USDA Local Foods Report, supra note 40, at 43 (collecting
studies); Kathyrn A. Peters, Creating a Sustainable Urban Agriculture
Revolution, 25 J. Envtl. L. & Litig. 203, 223-24 (2010) (arguing that urban
agriculture programs can provide skills and job training for urban residents and
help to revitalize blighted inner-city areas); Coit, supra note 30, at 55
(arguing that consumers can directly support local farms - and therefore the
overall economic strength of a community - by purchasing local foods); Neil D.
Hamilton, Putting a Face on Our Food: How State and Local Food Policies Can
Promote the New Agriculture, 7 Drake J. Agric. L. 407, 415 (2002) (arguing that
state and local food policy should encourage the creation of "diverse efficient
local food systems designed to address local food needs and create opportunities
for people at all levels of the food economy").





n185.  See, e.g., Bean, supra note 16, at 8 ("The new structure of agriculture
contributes to a reduction in the importance of agriculture for the economy of
rural places and concentrates agricultural activity in fewer rural places
(Drabenscott, 2000).").





n186.  USDA Local Foods Report, supra note 40, at 43.





n187.  Id.





n188.  Id.





n189.  USDA Local Foods Report, supra note 40, at 44 (induced income or induced
effects "accrue when workers in the direct and input supply sectors spend their
earnings in the region.").





n190.  Id. (indicating that indirect income or indirect effects "measure the
total value of locally supplied inputs and services provided by businesses that
serve the producers (e.g., machinery, feed, seed, fertilizer, financial
services).").





n191.  USDA Local Foods Report, supra note 40, at 43 (citing Otto and Varner
(2005)).





n192.  Id. at 44-45 (citing Hughes, D.W., et al. 2008. "Evaluating the Economic
Impact of Farmers' Markets Using an Opportunity Cost Framework," Journal of
Agricultural and Applied Economics, Vol. 40, pp. 253-265).





n193.  Id. at 45 (noting that mainstream retail outlets would have annually
generated approximately $ 463,000 in labor income, $ 1.3 million in industry
output, and 26.4 full-time jobs).





n194.  Id.





n195.  See Regulatory Flexibility Act, Pub. L. No. 96-354, 94 Stat. 1164 (1980)
(codified at 5 U.S.C. § 601 et seq); see also Sarah E. Shive, If You've Always
Done It That Way, It's Probably Wrong: How the Regulatory Flexibility Act Has
Failed to Change Agency Behavior, and How Congress Can Fix It, 1 Entrepreneurial
Bus. L.J. 153, 157-160 (2006) (describing the passage of and subsequent
amendments to the RFA).





n196.  5 U.S.C. § 604(a) (2006)





n197.  See Shive, supra note 195, at 160 (noting that the Department of
Transportation sometimes "does not even bother proposing some rules because it
expects that the Office of Management and Budget will not approve them.").





n198.  7 C.F.R. § 57.100(c) (2011).





n199.  21 U.S.C. § 464 (2006); 9 C.F.R. 381.10 (2011).





n200.  21 C.F.R. §§101 (j)(1)(2011) and 21 C.F.R. § 101.36(h)(1)(2011).





n201.  See Bonnie Azab Powell, Tester amendment protecting local food production
now attached to food-safety bill, Grist (Nov. 18, 2010) available at
http://www.grist.org/article/fod-2010-11-18-Tester-amendment-protects-local-food





n202.  H.R. Res. 2751 § 105, 111th Cong. (2010) (to be codified at 21 U.S.C. §
419(f).





n203.  H.R.Res. 2751 § 103 111th Cong. (2010) (to be codified at 21 U.S.C. § 418
(l).





n204.  See supra notes 196-204 and accompanying text (discussing legal
barriers).





n205.  See Tarr, supra note 3, at 58 (noting the "national trend" of state-level
cottage food bills).





n206.  See supra notes 147-48 and accompanying text.





n207.  Tarr, supra note 3, at 58-66 (discussing the particular requirements of
different state cottage food bills).





n208.  Id. at 58-66 (discussing the particular requirements of different state
cottage food bills).





n209.  Press Release, Pat Quinn, Governor of Ill., Governor Signs Legislation to
Support Farmers and Home Producers On State Fair Agriculture Day, available at
http://www.illinois.gov/PressReleases/ShowPressRelease.cfm?SubjectID=1&RecNum=96
45 (last visited Sept. 16, 2011).





n210.  S.B. 840 Sec. 4(b)(2), 97th Gen. Assemb., Reg. Sess. (Ill. 2011) (to be
codified at 410 Ill. Comp. Stat. 625/4(b)(2)).





n211.  S.B. 840 Sec. 4(a), 97th Gen. Assemb., Reg. Sess. (Ill. 2011) (to be
codified at 410 Ill. Comp. Stat. 625/4(a)).





n212.  Id. See also FDA Food Code at1-201.10 (defining "potentially hazardous
food").





n213.  Ill. S.B.840 Sec. 4(b)(1)-(3) (to be codified at 410 Ill. Comp. Stat.
625/4(b)(1)-(3)).





n214.  Id. at Sec. 4(b)(1)-(7) (to be codified at 410 Ill. Comp. Stat.
625/4(b)(1)-(7)).





n215.  Id. at Sec. 4(b)(3) (to be codified at 410 Ill. Comp. Stat. 625/4(b)(5)).





n216.  Id. at Sec. 4(b)(5) (to be codified at 410 Ill. Comp. Stat. 625/4(b)(4)).





n217.  Id. at Sec. 4(b)(4) (to be codified at 410 Ill. Comp. Stat. 625/4(b)(4)).





n218.  S.B. 840 Sec. 4(b)(2), 97th Gen. Assemb., Reg. Sess. (Ill. 2011) (to be
codified at 410 Ill. Comp. Stat. 625/4(b)(2)).





n219.  Id. at Sec. 4(b)(7) (to be codified at 410 Ill. Comp. Stat. 625/4(b)(7)).





n220.  Id. at Sec. 4(c) (to be codified at 410 Ill. Comp. Stat. 625/4(c)).





n221.  Robin Mather, Cottage Food Businesses Get Help, Chi. Trib., Nov. 10,
2010, available at
http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2010-11-10/features/sc-food-1105-cottage-food
-20101110_1_cupcakes-cottage-food-facebook-friends (noting that as of November
2010, 26 states had enacted cottage food laws).





n222.  See supra note 132 and accompanying text (describing the webinar
presentations and purpose of the research project).





n223.  See Central Illinois Farm Beginnings, available at
http://central.illinoisfarmbeginnings.org (last visited Nov. 12, 2011); Southern
Illinois Farm Beginnings, available at
http://www.eatsouthernillinois.org/Training/Training_SIFB.html (last visited
Nov. 12, 2011); Stateline Farm Beginnings,
http://www.learngrowconnect.org/what/training/stateline (last visited Nov. 12,
2011).





n224.  A. Bryan Endres & Elise Benveniste, Legal Issues in the Development and
Operation of Community Supported Agriculture (2009) (PowerPoint presentation)
(on file with authors).





n225.  A. Bryan Endres, et. al., The Legal Needs of Farmers: An Analysis of the
Family Farm Legal Needs Survey, 71 Mont. L.R. 135,147 (2010).





n226.  And sometimes, they are not available at all. See Tarr, supra note 3, at
56 (noting that schools, churches and similar organizations have been reluctant
to let small producers use their commercial kitchens due to the fear of
liability issues).





n227.  Leslie Hansen, A Cause for the Cottage: Texas Food Laws Reexamined, Apr.
7, 2011, Multimedia newsroom,
http://multimedianewsroom.us/a-cause-for-the-cottage-texas-food-laws-reexamined.
htm.





n228.  Id.





n229.  Dunne, supra note 49, at 51 (citing market conditions as an obstacle to
contracting).





n230.  See USDA Local Foods Report, supra note 40, at 33 (noting the lack of
studies examining retailer perspectives of local food procurement, despite
growing interest in the topic).





n231.  See supra Section (iii)(2).





n232.  Press release, supra note 209 .





n233.  S.B. 1852, available at
http://www.ilga.gov/legislation/publicacts/fulltext.asp?Name=097-0394 (last
visited date).





n234.  Id. at Sec. 3.3(m)(2) (to be codified at 410 Ill. Comp. Stat.
625/3.3(m)(2)).





n235.  Id. at Sec. 3.3(m)(1) (to be codified at 410 Ill. Comp. Stat.
625/3.3(m)(1)) ("The Director, in accordance with this Section, shall adopt
administrative rules ... for foods found at farmers' markets.").





n236.  Id. at Sec. 3.3(i) (to be codified at 410 Ill. Comp. Stat. 625/3.3(i)).





n237.  See supra notes 159-192 and accompanying text.





n238.  See supra text accompanying notes 149-175.





n239.  See S.B. 840 Sec. 3.3(a)(2), 97th Gen. Assemb., Reg. Sess. (Ill. 2011) ,
to be codified at 410 ILCS 625/3.3(a)(2).





n240.  Press Release, Tester's amendment for family-scale producers now part of
Food Safety Bill (Nov. 18, 2010), available at
http://tester.senate.gov/Newsroom/pr_111810_foodsafety.cfm.





n241.  Letter from Am. Feed Industry Association, et al. to Senator Tom Harkin &
Ranking Member Michael B. Enzi (Nov. 15, 2010) available at
http://www.meatami.com/ht/a/GetDocumentAction/i/64238. See also Helena
Bottemiller, Food and Ag Groups Rally Against Tester Amendment, Nov. 16, 2010,
http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2010/11/food-and-ag-groups-rally-against-tester-am
endment/.





n242.  See Endres & Johnson, supra note 18, at 56-57 (discussing the difficulty
of "branding" raw agricultural commodities).





n243.  Alejandra Cancino, Legislation Would Open State to Sale of More Homemade
Goods, Chi. Trib., Mar. 22, 2011, available at
http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2011-03-22/business/ct-biz-0323-certified-kit
chens-20110322_1_farmers-markets-foodborne-baked-goods





n244.  Id.





n245.  Id.





n246.  Id.





n247.  Id.





n248.  2011 Ill. Laws 393.





n249.  Id. at Sec. 4(b)





n250.  Id. at Sec. 4(b)(4)(D) and (F).





n251.  Id. at Sec. 4(b)(3) ("Gross receipts from the sale of food exempted under
this Section [shall] not exceed $ 25,000 in a calendar year.").





n252.  Note, Reforming the Food Safety System: What If Consolidation Isn't
Enough?, 120 Harv. L. Rev. 1345, 1357 (2007).





n253.  Louis Aguilar, Food Entrepreneurs Say That Michigan's Rules Leave Bad
Taste, The Detroit News, July 5, 2011, available at
http://www.greenerliving.co.za/food-entrepreneurs-say-michigans-rules-leave-bad-
taste/.





n254.  Id.





n255.  Id.





n256.  See, e.g., Marian Burros, E. Coli Fears Inspire a Call for Oversight,
N.Y. TIMES, Dec. 9, 2006,
http://www.nytimes.com/2006/12/09/nyregion/09produce.html (describing the leafy
greens industry's "newfound enthusiasm for regulation").





n257.  Endres and Johnson, supra note 18, at 65.





n258.  The Food Safety Leadership Council (FSLC) - a consortium of the country's
largest retail produce buyers, including Darden Restaurants, McDonald's, Publix
Super Markets, Walmart, and the Walt Disney Company - have published their
supplier food safety standards. See Food Safety Leadership Council, Food Safety
Leadership Council On-Farm Produce Standards,
http://http://www.nationalwatermelonassociation.com/FSLC%20On-Farm%20Standard.pd
f.





n259.  Starmer & Kulick, supra note 148, at 6.





n260.  See Endres & Johnson, supra note 18, at 64 (discussing development of
private food safety standards).





n261.  Damian C. Adams et. al., Deja Moo: Is the Return to Public Sale of Raw
Milk Udder Nonsense?, 13 Drake J. Agric. L. 305, 321-22 (2008).





n262.  Id. at 322.





n263.  Id.





n264.  See, e.g., Adams, supra note 261, at 325 (citing Rost v. Kee & Chapell
Dairy Co., 216 Ill. App. 497, 499 (1920)).





n265.  Adams, supra note 261, at 326.





n266.  Id. at 327-28.





n267.  Id. at 332.





n268.  Id. at 331.





n269.  Cf. Tarr, supra note 3, at 68 ("Local foods sold through interstate,
retail, wholesale, and internet sales should not be allowed exemptions because
the anonymity is an invitation to [potential] risk.").





n270.  Bill Marler, If Illinois Farmer's Markets and Cottage Industries can't
Stand the Heat, get the Hell out of the Kitchen, Food Poison J. (Feb. 19, 2011),
http://www.foodpoisonjournal.com/food-policy-regulation/if-illinois-
farmers-markets
-and-cottage-industries-cant-stand-the-heat-get-the-hell-out-of-the-kitch/.


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Daily Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday

Partnership will provide boost to county farmers

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 373 words


A partnership has been launched to help boost business for Hampshire farmers.

Hampshire Farmers' Markets (HFM) and the Campaign to Protect Rural England's
(CPRE) Hampshire branch have come together to promote awareness.

Alex Handford, HFM business development manager, said: "We have eight regular
markets across the county each month and also have markets at other special
events throughout the year.

"They're a perfect place for our new strategic partners to meet like-minded
people.

"Our strategic partnerships are all about working with organisations that have
similar goals to those of Hampshire Farmers' Markets to benefit our producers
and farmers and the county as a whole.

"Working in alliance with CPRE Hampshire means that together we have a stronger
voice. As a partner of CPRE Hampshire, we'll seek to promote the other's
activities to our members."

Most recently CPRE Hampshire and volunteers have been showcasing their work at
selected Hampshire Farmers' Markets, as well as promoting HFM at their events
including at the New Forest and Hampshire County Show.

Alex Handford, business development manager for the Hampshire Farmers' Markets
(left) with Michael Rescorle, director CPRE Hampshire at one of the HFM markets

Michael Rescorle, director of CPRE Hampshire, added: "CPRE Hampshire fights for
a better future for the countryside and works to protect, shape and enhance a
beautiful, thriving countryside.

"Rural communities and businesses are an integral part of the countryside so
CPRE Hampshire is delighted to form a partnership with Hampshire Farmers Markets
so that it can support the rural economy and local foods."

Staff at Lyburn Cheeses - a longstanding member of HFM - have also been
celebrating their own promotion after getting a visit from Strictly Come Dancing
judge Len Goodman, who turned up to film part of his new TV programme Holiday of
my Lifetime.

The show takes famous faces back in time to recreate their childhood holidays.
This episode features Janet Ellis recalling visits to a dairy farm near Romsey.

Mike Smales of Lyburn Cheeses said: "The BBC were filming for a few hours with
Len and Janet who enjoyed making some of our Stoney Cross cheese.

"The programme is due to be transmitted sometime in October."

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Orland Press Register (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 25, 2012 Tuesday

Farmers markets seek vendors

BYLINE: Rick Longley, Orland Press Register, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 306 words


Sept. 25--The winter produce season is here and the Glenn County Certified
Farmers markets are looking for vendors to sell these items during October --
the last month of the markets.

Kandi Manhart, executive director for the Glenn County Resource Conservation
District, said a lot of summer produce sellers are running out of products.

As a result, there is space available for winter vegetables and late harvest
fruits at the Willows and Orland markets that run through Oct. 31.

Vendors interested in selling plants, meats, cheeses, baked goods and prepared
foods are all welcome to sign up, Manhart said.

This is the first time in the markets' three-year history they have run through
October.

Past sellers and customers encouraged the market committee to extend the market
another month which is why October was added, she said.

A new Vendor Dash promotion program is being added as well.

People will be entered to win a basket full of local products at the end of the
month. Cards will be available at the markets in Orland or Willows.

Entrants are asked to purchase items from four different vendors, but it does
not have to be at one market.

In addition, the Resource Conservation District also has been highlighting owl,
bat and wood duck nesting boxes for sale at the farmers markets.

The wooden boxes were built by Willows High School students to provide nesting
places for these birds and animals.

They can be put in ranch and farm fields or used by rural homeowners as habitat,
officials said.

The project also had the cooperation of the U.S. Natural Resources Conservation
Service along with the Future Farmers organization and local businesses, Manhart
said.

___ (c)2012 the Orland Press Register (Willows, Calif.) Visit the Orland Press
Register (Willows, Calif.) at www.orland-press-register.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120925-YI-Farmers-markets-seek-vendors-0925-20120925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YI


                      Copyright 2012 Orland Press Register


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                            March 30, 2000, Thursday

FARM POST: MARKETS SCHEME WINS FULL BACKING

BYLINE: James O'Brien

SECTION: Pg. 39

LENGTH: 553 words


Warwickshire farmers markets are to become a self-funding partnership.

A packed annual meeting of the farmers markets made a unanimous decision to
accept a working party recommendation to set up an accredited organisation to
promote the markets.

Stallholders also agreed they should pay a minimal fee towards independent
accreditation and continuing promotion.

The proposal was accepted unanimously, ensuring that when establishment funding
from the district and county councils runs out in April, all farmers markets
that come under the Warwickshire Farmers Market umbrella continue to be
accredited and promoted, ensuring they remain genuine farmers markets.

Plans are also under way to have a Warwickshire Farmers Market website.

A spokesman for the Warwickshire Farmers Market said: 'As far as we are aware,
no other farmers market group in the country has achieved the status of being
run by a partnership without the need for subsidy.'

The Warwickshire partnership is between stallholders, the market operator, the
National Farmers Union, Local Agenda 21 and local authorities representing the
interests of the broader community.

The spokesman said: 'It is a voluntary partnership maintained by goodwill and
the hard work of individuals with a common aim.

'On a basic level this aim is to maintain the quality, integrity and
sustainability of the farmers markets they represent.'

The Warwickshire Farmers Market working party has decided on a clear set of
rules based on the guidelines laid down by the fledgling National Association of
Farmers Markets.

The rules are intended to be easily read and the public can be made aware of
what a farmers market is and why it is special.

They have also produced an easily-monitored accreditation form which is a
legally binding document backed up by Trading Standards. They have decided on a
process of accreditation that will continue to develop as the markets grow and
mature

They are forming links with other similar organisations in other counties with
the aim of developing uniformity of approach and consistency of standards.

Stallholder Mr John Home, of Fosse Way Honey, said: 'The markets have been a
roaring success, giving us the opportunity to talk to the public about our
business and how it fits into the general ecology of the countryside.

'Stallholders have worked hard for these markets and we want them to stay
genuine and successful.'

Market operator Mr Paul Skett is putting more than pounds 2,500 into
Warwickshire Farmers Markets to cover the policing of farmers markets rules.

After the meeting he said: 'I am absolutely delighted the key issue of
authenticity has been paramount to our stallholders. We share the intention that
these markets should be self-supporting.'

Chairman of the working party which made the recommendations, Mr Steve Dawkes,
said: 'The attendance at the meeting was very high, showing how seriously
everyone involved takes the issue of authenticity.'

Farmers markets are scheduled to take place on Saturday at Rother Street,
Stratford-upon-Avon; Saturday April 8 at Talisman Square, Kenilworth; Friday
April 1 at Warwick town centre and Saturday April 22 at Clemens Street,
Leamington.

The Warwickshire Farmers Market project officer is Mr James Pavitt.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2000 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              May 4, 2013 Saturday
                                 Drive Edition

FARMERS PUBLIC MARKET GETS PUSH FROM BETTER BLOCK OKC

BYLINE: STEVE LACKMEYER, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 794 words


Kristen Vails and Alison Bailey are looking back more than 80 years for
inspiration as they attempt to transform the Farmers Public Market area.

In recent weeks, Vails and Bailey have overseen an army of volunteers, mostly
college students and young professionals, to bring life back to an area just
south of downtown that for decades was a vibrant hub of commerce before fading
the past 20 years.

The effort, Better Block OKC, attempts to show how big results can be achieved
with minor changes to infrastructure, signage, building appearance and
promotion.

Last year, food trucks, pop-up shops, temporary parks, live music and
festivities drew thousands to the first Better Block OKC, at NW 7 and Hudson.

The second annual staging will be Saturday at Farmers Public Market.

Vails and Bailey have higher ambitions with their second go-round. In setting up
the produce stalls, signage and other temporary staging, Bailey said organizers
often took their guidance from historic photos of the market area provided by
the Oklahoma Historical Society.

The Better Block OKC organizers say they're surprised by the warm reception they
are receiving from property owners. Those in the area are eager to create a
weekly destination with the Farmers Public Market already hosting a trade show
offering collectibles, retro gifts and antiques every Saturday and Sunday
morning.

At the same time, another building is being renovated into a yoga studio, and
Matthew Burch has been operating the Urban Agrarian for the past two years.
Bailey said Burch will operate an indoor dining venue during the Better Block
festivities - an experiment that could lead to a more permanent operation.

Burt McAnally, who bought the Farmers Public Market in 2002, is among those
ready to move forward with greater ambitions for the neighborhood. He spent more
than $2 million renovating the building over the past decade, and with the
arrival of the Better Block OKC team, he launched an exterior renovation that
included a new paint job, new signage and fresh landscaping.

"We're putting a little shine on the booths," McAnally said. "We're hoping to
give Oklahoma City a little taste of what the farmers market can be on a
day-to-day basis, and not just when there are special events."

McAnally said he is prepared to work with neighboring property owners to create
a new association for the area, and has signed up attorney Bud Scott, president
of the Oklahoma Food Alliance, to assist in setting up the organization and
pursuing partnerships with the city.

"He's charging me the same hourly rate that I'm charging him in rent," McAnally
said. "I'm definitely getting the better deal."

McAnally said he doesn't want to step on "others' turfs," but emphasized he
hopes to recreate the area as a seasonal farmers market and not just an
event-driven destination.

"We have a Plaza District, we have entertainment districts and an adventure
district," McAnally said. "We need a farmers market district. And if Oklahoma
City is going to have a large centralized farmers market district, it should be
here. This is where the city called for it to be in 1928, and it should be that
way again."

AT A GLANCE

IF YOU GO

Better Block OKC will run 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday in the area of 311 S Klein,
with a variety of food trucks and vendors offering breakfast and lunch. Pop-up
shops are set up throughout the market area, and musicians will provide free
entertainment during the day.

HISTORY

John J. Harden was one of the city's richest men when he sought to build a large
market to provide a meeting place for farmers and fruit growers, renting booths
for 25 cents a day.

The building was constructed on the former home of Delmar Gardens, an Oklahoma
City version of Coney Island that closed in 1910 after a series of devastating
floods. In the 1920s, farmers often lined up along California Avenue, creating
an often chaotic scene for city fathers.

Harden secured support from the public and six groups that encouraged the city
council to approve his proposal to ban the sale of fresh produce - with the
exception of milk and dairy products - anywhere else within Oklahoma City
limits.

Nearly 50,000 shoppers crowded the market on its opening day. An orchestra
played as shoppers snatched up 15,000 bags of free vegetables - promised by
Harden as a promotion - in 90 minutes. Sales were more than $565,000 during the
first year and within three years increased to $1.2 million. The market was also
home to often dubious traveling medicine shows, as well as boxing matches,
concerts and roller skating. The market began its long descent in the 1970s,
with more and more of the main building dedicated to an antique mall while a
dwindling number of produce vendors continued sales in surrounding buildings.


LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Chris Beumer and Jennifer Gates place trash receptacles Friday
while setting up for Saturday's Better Block Party in Oklahoma City's Farmers
Market District. PHOTO BY DOUG HOKE, THE OKLAHOMAN
Photo 2: Farmers Public Market, 311 S Klein, as shown in this early-day
postcard, was the only place produce sales were allowed in Oklahoma City when it
first opened.
Photo 3: Ashley Terry ads flags to poles at the entrances in the Farmers Market
District. The flags include new branding created, pro bono, by Braid Creative.
PHOTO BY DOUG HOKE, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                                December 1, 1998

From farm to table, direct

BYLINE: By Christine Slomkowska

SECTION: Agriculture: Farms/Farmers, Pg.5

LENGTH: 314 words


THE first of a series of Farmers Markets in Leicestershire is planned for
Shepshed on December 11 - and local food producers and growers are invited to
take part.

The market will run at Hall Croft from 9 am until the afternoon and more than a
dozen stalls have already been booked.

This a new initiative to form a direct link between customers and producers, who
range from small holders and market gardeners to WI market providers.

Alec Duthie, himself a smallholder, is co-ordinating the project as part of the
Food Futures initiative.

The national pilot scheme is being run in association with the Soil Association
and Leicestershire County Council.

"The aim is to stimulate a vibrant local food economy, bringing tasty, fresh and
locally produced foods to local consumers, and the Farmers' Market meets many
important objectives," he said.

"Farmers' Markets are becoming increasingly popular in Britain. They were
revived in the United States and have become very successful over the past
decade.

"Retail and environmental costs and overhead are greatly reduced. The produce
travels fewer miles, which reduces pollution, and buyers and sellers have direct
contact, giving customers the opportunity to discovered exactly what they are
getting."

Other advantages include regular cash flow, direct customer feedback and
promotion of farm shops and other outlets, he adds.

This can create opportunities for on-farm processing, increasing rural incomes
and employment.

Mr Duthie adds that discussions are currently in progress with local councils in
the county to identify other suitable venues and establish regular Farmers'
Markets next year.

He and his wife Hilary produce herbs, while other products on sale at Shepshed
will range from ice cream and game birds to vegetable and bakery items.

Anyone interested in booking a stall should telephone 01530 262072.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 1998 Leicester Mercury


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 8, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Secretary Vilsack and USDA and New Mexico Officials Launch National
Farmers Market Week

LENGTH: 560  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced the start
of the 16th annual Farmers' Market Week, which will begin tomorrow, Sunday
August 2, and run through August 8. Vilsack made the announcement as
Agricultural Marketing Service Administrator Anne L. Alonzo and local officials
launched the annual observance of National Farmers Market Week at the Santa Fe
Farmers Market. New Mexico Department of Agriculture Secretary Jeff M. Witte,
Santa Fe Mayor Javier M. Gonzales, and Santa Fe Farmers Market Director Paolo
Speirn joined the celebration.

"Farmers Markets benefit communities by offering healthy, wholesome food while
local farmers and ranchers benefit from new ways to present their products to
customers," said USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack in Washington, DC. "People are
changing how they think about farmers markets as they become community gathering
points, and we have seen a 64 percent increase in customer traffic in markets
open for at least two years."

In Santa Fe, Alonzo said "Farmers markets are at the heart of many towns and
cities, bringing together rural and urban communities, providing Americans with
fresh, healthy food, and creating jobs and opportunities for local farmers and
ranchers." She continued, "USDA is proud to support farmers markets. Fifteen
years ago, USDA worked with the Santa Fe Farmers Market to design this facility,
and today it is one of the most successful markets in the country."

The Santa Fe Market operates three times a week and draws as many as 5,000
visitors a day during its peak season. It is also one of more than 6,400 farmers
markets across the country that accepts Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Program (SNAP) benefits as payment. AMS and USDA's Food and Nutrition Service
(FNS) work together to help farmers markets accept SNAP benefits, giving
recipients access to healthy foods, expanding the customer base for farmers, and
encouraging the sale of local produce.

AMS supports Farmers Markets through grants, research, and technical assistance.
Last year, AMS awarded $26.6 million in competitive grants though the Farmers
Market and Local Food Promotion Program, including more than $500,000 in grants
awarded in New Mexico. AMS also manages the National Farmers Market Directory,
one of four USDA Local Food DirectoriesThis is an external link or third-party
site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website. that
provide customers with easy, one-stop access to locations, hours, and other
information about farmers markets, community supported agriculture enterprises,
food hubs, and on-farm markets.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack proclaimed August 2-8, 2015, National Farmers
Market Week, noting that the country's more than 8,400 farmers markets play an
important role in sustaining family farms and revitalizing rural communities.
Secretary Vilsack has identified strengthening local food systems - including
farmers markets - as one of the four pillars of USDA's commitment to rural
economic development and job creation. The Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food
Initiative coordinates USDA's policy, resources, and outreach efforts related to
this work.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Kokomo Tribune (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

Farmers' Market returns to Kokomo April 25

BYLINE: Martin Slagter, Kokomo Tribune, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 401 words


March 19--A more diverse selection of products and more participation have
organizers of the Kokomo Downtown Farmers' Market excited about the upcoming
season.

With the season starting on April 25, around 30 vendors already have applied for
spots in the downtown market -- about 10 more than the market saw submit at this
time last year.

Anyone interested in participating in the farmers' market or the makers' market
who has not already applied is invited to stop by for the market call out
between 1 and 5 p.m. March 27 at 325 N. Main St. Market Master Adrienne Akers
Partlow will help attendees with questions or concerns. Applications will be
available to complete and submit as well.

Partlow said the market, located at the corner of Mulberry and Washington
streets, is looking to attract new customers with more prepared food after
experiencing success with vendors making stir fry and crepes last year.

"We noticed previously that we had lacked prepared food items," she said. "Last
year we had someone preparing stir fry and that went over really well. We're
also going to have the Baja Salsa food truck and A&M Farms, who started selling
pulled pork."

In addition to prepared items, Partlow said patrons can expect a number of new
items including gourmet sandwiches and soups, jerky, jam and vegan options.

The market will run from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. every Saturday from April 25 through
Oct. 10 and will continue to accept applications after March 27, Partlow said.
Those who sign up by March 27, she noted, will receive special perks, including
feature days and promotions.

"We are having a final callout [on March 27], so that's the best time to come
out and apply if someone is thinking about being a vendor," she said. "Normally,
as applications come in, the market master accepts them, but this year we're
waiting for the due date and having a board review, because we're getting so
many applications. We'll then notify everyone at once."

Applications are currently being accepted online at www.kokomofarmers
market.com. Printed copies of the rules and application are available and
requests for these can be sent to info@kokomofarmersmarket.com

Martin Slagter can be reached at 765-454-8570, martin.slagter@kokomotribune.com
or on Twitter @slagterm.

___ (c)2015 the Kokomo Tribune (Kokomo, Ind.) Visit the Kokomo Tribune (Kokomo,
Ind.) at www.kokomotribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150319-KO-Farmers-Market-returns-to-Kokomo-April-25-0319-20150319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KO


                         Copyright 2015 Kokomo Tribune


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Telegraph (LONDON)

                               May 5, 2006 Friday

Bringing fresh meaning to food, glorious food

BYLINE: Becky Pugh

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 548 words


pounds 10TOSPEND

Save up to pounds 10 at Farm Shops nationwide, with our Local Produce for Less
promotion, starting tomorrow.

Token collect, terms and conditions apply.You might expect the "Queen of
Farmers' Markets'' to have a weather-beaten face, Wellington boots and mud in
her fingernails. But the impeccably elegant fifty-something Henrietta Green -
who, single-handedly, has revolutionised the way we look at food - is rather
good at overturning assumptions.

She is the author of hugely influential books such as British Food Finds: A
Directory of Fine British Foods, Food from Britain and the Food Lovers' Guides
to Britain which have helped create our growing appetite for local, sustainable
quality produce.

"I've always adored food,'' Henrietta says. ''My passion for it chimed the first
time I ever went abroad.

''I was six and I used to go every morning with the cook to the market. I
remember being in the bright sunshine and then walking in to this cool, dark,
very noisy market building in Cannes. I remember all the smells and the produce
and the fuss, seeing these wonderful treasures and taking some of them home. I
remember how the lobsters clambered all over the kitchen floor and thinking how
perfectly natural it all was.''

Food was her first love but Henrietta trained in theatre production and then
produced commercials for an advertising agency. In 1974, she co-founded the
chi-chi London interior and gift shop Graham and Green.

During a trip to America in the mid-Seventies she was introduced to farmers'
markets. ''The East Coast had embraced farmers' markets full of local produce
and I could see they were a good thing. I knew that Britain's consumers and
producers had no context, no sense of place when it came to food. Supermarkets
had cut out the middle man, the old skills and artisans. I knew that if farmers'
markets could happen in the States, they could happen back here.''

She came back to England full of gusto and tried, but failed, to get a grant to
set up farmers' markets in London.

''I was really frustrated so I started publicising small, local and regional
producers from around the country. At the time I was writing a food column in a
magazine.''

In 1995 Henrietta set up the hugely successful annual Food Lovers' Fairs, at
which independent local or speciality producers, sourced and vetted by herself,
sold their food. This turned Borough Market from a wholesale fruit and vegetable
market into one of London's most popular fine food retailers.

She is delighted that farm shops have become fashionable but regrets that some
stray from the ideal so that misleading, poor quality produce can slip through
the net. ''You don't want to find yourself buying jam claiming to have been
produced locally and discover it was made using frozen fruit from
Czechoslovakia.''

Henrietta wants to set up an accreditation scheme to ensure that a percentage of
produce is grown on that farm, a percentage on neighbouring farms, a percentage
is British and an optional percentage imported (but should not extend seasons
unnaturally).

Shopping for quality local produce is not the preserve of the rich, she insists.
''It might take a bit more time, you do have to care, you do have to make an
effort, but it shouldn't cost you more, and you'll be rewarded in spades.''

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     October 23, 2003 Thursday Home Edition

Cobb Business: BRIEFS

BYLINE: LESLIE EVERTON

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Cobb; Pg. 3JF

LENGTH: 577 words


Harry's plans bash for 10th anniversary

Harry's Farmers Market in Marietta is celebrating its 10th anniversary.

Activities through Saturday include:

* Today: Specialty section vendors will give in-store demonstrations and an
Argentinean festival will be in the wine department.

* Friday: Customers will get treated to dozens of Whole Body section
demonstrations, including chair massages. The grocery section will provide
samples.

* Saturday: The harvest festival is from noon to 5 p.m.; a bluegrass band will
perform from 1 to 3 p.m. There will be an outside petting zoo and food samples
inside the store.

Harry's, owned by Whole Foods Market of Austin, Texas, is at 70 Powers Ferry
Road S.E., Marietta. Information: 770-578-4400 or www.wholefoods.com.

Organizers set seminars

Members of the Georgia chapter of the National Association of Professional
Organizers are presenting a series of seminars in November. The series will
cover such skills as time management, home organization and maximizing
technology.

A lecture on paper management and reducing clutter will be 7-9 p.m. Nov. 10 at
the Knowledge Tree at Temple Kol Emeth, 1415 Old Canton Road, Marietta. To
register, call 770-973-3533, Ext. 207.

Sessions on Nov. 6, 13 and 20 will be 7:30-9 p.m. at the Jewish Community Center
of Atlanta, Shirley Blumenthal Park, 2509 Post Oak Tritt Road N.W., Marietta.

To register, call Michelle Grey at 770-578-7533.

Darren's Designs reopens

Darren's Designs recently reopened after a $500,000 renovation. The East Cobb
interior design store sports room showcases to inspire full-service designs for
virtually any area in your home.

Darren's Designs also carries gifts and home decor ranging from $25 to $22,000
--- including artwork, accessories, chandeliers, mantels and custom cabinetry.

Owner Darren Godbee's design work will be featured in the upcoming Sugarloaf
Country Club Ultimate Designer Mansion, a $2.5 million showcase that will be one
of six homes on Sugarloaf's Holiday Tour of Homes, Nov. 21-23.

Darren's Designs is at 4880 Lower Roswell Road N.E. Information: 770-971-9111.

Condo project planned

Alpharetta-based NorthPark Builders soon will break ground on a business
condominium project in Marietta. The project will encompass two buildings,
totaling more than 98,000 square feet, at West Oak Parkway and Sandy Plains
Road.

The $8.5 million project is scheduled for completion next summer.

Mariettan to lead Fla. firm

Marietta resident Mark C. Perlberg recently was appointed president and chief
executive officer of the Oasis Group.

Based in Florida, Oasis Group is one of the nation's leading professional
employer organizations. It provides payroll administration, tax and
risk-management services, benefits management, human resources support and
temporary staffing to middle-market companies.

Perlberg has more than 20 years of senior management and executive experience.

"Oasis is a great company with terrific people and a strong customer base,"
Perlberg said. "And Oasis has tremendous potential for significant future
growth. The need for its services is expanding, and a large portion of its
market is untapped. It is certainly an exciting time to join Oasis and help take
it to the next level."

* Send information to Leslie Everton, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, 1105
Parkside Lane, Suite 1322, Woodstock, GA 30189; fax 770-373-8704.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times-Herald (California)

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Federal grant helps fund farmers market

BYLINE: Rachel Raskin-Zrihen; rzrihen@timesheraldonline.com @RachelVTH on
Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 467 words

ABSTRACT

A USDA grant ensures AmCan's hoped for Farmers Market will move forward.

FULL TEXT

AMERICAN CANYON >> A recently awarded federal grant ensures there will be a
farmers market here for at least two years, city officials announced.

City Manager Dana Shigely announced at Tuesday's City Council meeting that the
city was awarded a $78,074 U.S. Department of Agriculture grant, though an
actual Farmers' Market event in town is still some time off.

"There are no specifics yet, but next week we're launching the process of
figuring out how to run it - of looking at the options," said Deanna Parness,
Community Outreach Manager, City Manager's Office. "City staff will begin
looking at our options and getting the details in place to get the Farmers'
Market up and running in May of 2016."

Initially, staff will work with Ag Innovations, the firm that wrote the city's
recent Farmers Market Feasibility Study, she said.

"Ultimately, one of several Farmers Market Associations will be selected to run
the day-to-day operation and we anticipate that a Community Farmers' Market
Board will be established to help sustain the market," Parness said.

The feasibility study suggest the Phillip West Aquatic Center parking lot is the
best place to hold the weekly Sunday event, she said.

"It will be held Sundays from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., and from May to October-ish,"
she said.

Creating and sustaining a community Farmers' Market fulfills a desire identified
in the city's "visioning process" of a few years ago, Parness said.

"During the Visioning Process, we heard over and over again that people wanted a
Farmers' Market," she said. "People responding to the survey cited a variety of
reasons for wanting a local market - they want a convenient place to by quality
fruits and vegetables; they want a community gathering place; they want American
Canyon to emphasize health and wellness."

The USDA Agricultural Marketing Service on Oct. 2 announced the awarding of
$13.3 million in Farmers' Market Promotion Program agriculture and other
direct-to-consumer outlets for local food, according to a city press release.

American Canyon is a recipient of part of those funds, with which officials
intend to "enhanced low-income residents' access to fresh fruits and
vegetables," among other things, it says.

Vendors will accept Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT) payments (otherwise known
as food stamps), and the event will include education, entertainment and
cultural celebration elements. It also is expected to become self-sustaining
within the two years the grant money should last, it says.

"A Farmers' Market has been long desired in the community," Mayor Leon Garcia
said in the release. "We are excited to have the opportunity to meet this need
through the USDA grant."

Contact Rachel Raskin-Zrihen at (707) 553-6824.


LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

A place for community

BYLINE: Roman Muntener, The Citizen

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 213 words


Dear Prince George Citizen, thank you very much for your coverage of the Prince
George Farmers' Market's opening of the outdoor season.

As a non-profit organization, our advertising and promotion budget is slim and
coverage by local media is very much appreciated.

The vast majority of our vendors are small producers, live on a fixed income, or
depend on a second income by growing, baking, or making wares they sell at the
Prince George Farmers' Market.

The introduction of the year-round market has made it possible for a number of
vendors to extend the five-month season by an additional seven months to a
year-round opportunity to serve the community with local foods or products.

While the market provides a venue for the individual vendors, it is, at the same
time, a place for local artists to perform, for local restaurants to demonstrate
food preparation, for the community to shop for local products and interact with
the vendors and, not the least of all, the Prince George Farmers' Market
provides a meeting place to chat with friends.

Coverage by the local media helps to keep the fabric of this community - of
which the Prince George Farmers' Market is a proud member - strong and growing.

Thank you for your support!

Roman Muntener, director Prince George Farmers' Market

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Orland Press Register (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 16, 2012 Friday

Farmers market surveys vendors, consumers

BYLINE: Rick Longley, Orland Press Register, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 420 words


Nov. 16--Vendors and consumers of the Glenn County farmers markets are being
asked what they think.

"It is to get a feel for what people want," Market Manager Lisa Tietz said
Thursday. "It is their market. We will go by what we're hearing."

The survey is available on the Glenn County Resource Conservation District
website seeking input on where to go next year. Surveys will be accepted through
Nov. 30.

The 2012 Glenn County Certified Farmers Market season came to a close Oct. 31.

Tietz said the Willows market will remain downtown on North Butte Street on
Wednesday evenings, while the Orland market is set for Saturday mornings in
Library Park.

However, that could change if there is significant call to move the times or
locations.

She said the survey responses she has seen are providing "some really good
thoughts."

There is no magic button where everything is perfect, Tietz added, but people
are pleased with the market.

"We are trying to accommodate the public," she said. "There are three different
views: the current vendors, potential vendors and the consumers."

In 2012, the two markets had between 30 to 35 vendors throughout the season,
Tietz said.

They were not there at every market, but they did make many of them.

Some had short produce seasons like the blueberry growers, she said. Others came
to promote something for a short time such as political candidates or vendors
doing short-term promotions.

"We would love to expand that," Tietz explained, since there is room for
nonprofits to show off their services or programs along with the vendors and
crafts makers.

Yet Tietz knows it is a big commitment to come to the market.

The Friendly Garden Club in Orland came to its market on the first and third
Saturday of each month, and everybody knew they were going to be there, Tietz
said, selling plants for the garden and yard.

Unigue and different vendors are welcome to come as well.

This year there were two different meat vendors that did not cross over into the
other's stock.

Divide Ranch sold grass-fed beef at the Willows farmers market, while another
vendor sold pork at the Orland market, Tietz said.

Having meat sellers at a farmers market is unique, she said.

"The vendors are wonderful, hardworking and want to see this work," Tietz said.

She hopes the surveys will be reviewed by the next market committee meeting in
December.

___ (c)2012 the Orland Press Register (Willows, Calif.) Visit the Orland Press
Register (Willows, Calif.) at www.orland-press-register.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121116-YI-Farmers-market-surveys-vendors-consumers-1116-20121116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YI


                      Copyright 2012 Orland Press Register


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Glanbrook / Sachem Gazette

                             May 12, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Farmers' markets opening soon

BYLINE: Submitted by Lidy Romanuk, Rural Development Officer for Haldimand
County

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 505  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


Dunnville, Hagersville, Caledonia and nearby residents should get ready to enjoy
fresh local fruits, vegetables, meats and more of the harvests of Haldimand as
the three Haldimand County Farmers' Markets prepare to open for the 2010 season.

The month of May marks the official opening of the markets (even though there
are a few dedicated vendors that attend Hagersville and Dunnville markets
throughout the year).

The Hagersville Farmers' Market opening day is Wednesday, May 19th.

The market runs every Wednesday until Christmas from 7 a.m. to 1 p.m.

The Hagersville farmers' market is located in the Market Square (behind the Post
Office), entrance off King Street West or Alma Street South.

The Caledonia Farmers' Market opening day is Thursday, May 20th.

The market runs every Thursday until October 28th from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m.

The market is located at the Caledonia Fairgrounds, entrance off Caithness
Street East.

The Dunnville Farmers' Market opening day is Saturday, May 22nd.

The market runs every Tuesday and Saturday until Christmas from 7 a.m. to 12
p.m.

The market is located beside the arena, entrance off Main Street East.

Plans are in the works for each of the three markets to hold special events
throughout the 2010 market season.

At the Dunnville Market the Grand Opening Day is on May 22nd, and local musical
group Ukulele Lady and Friends have been invited to perform.

As well, Mayor Marie Trainer and County Councillors will be in attendance to
officiate the grand opening ceremonies. A charity barbeque is planned on the
same day as well. Stay tuned as other events are announced for each of the
markets.

Farmers' Markets are important meeting places that contribute to the economic
and social vitality of communities. People come for the fresh fruits,
vegetables, baked goods, jams, jellies and fresh flowers, but they stay for the
welcoming community atmosphere.

The current growth in popularity of Farmers' Markets is driven by the recent
increase in consumer demand for locally grown food.

Not only do Farmers' Markets provide an outlet for producers to sell their
products, but markets allow consumers access to fresh fruits and vegetables
picked at their peak ripeness only hours before.

"All 3 Haldimand Farmers' Markets' play an important role in our communities and
are important economic drivers to each of the downtown areas" stated Mayor
Trainer.

"Opportunities exist for urban businesses and organizations to connect with the
markets and jointly offer value-added promotions. We encourage the development
of these mutually beneficial community partnerships" says Lidy Romanuk, Rural
Development Officer, with Haldimand County Economic Development and Tourism.

For those interested in purchasing local food but not able to attend one of the
markets check out www.harvestsofhaldimand.ca or for further information on the
markets and to request a printed Harvests of Haldimand guide please contact Lidy
Romanuk, Rural Development Officer, at lromanuk@haldimandcounty.on.ca or via
telephone at (905) 318-5932 ext. 215.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            March 22, 2012 Thursday

The Time is Ripe: If it's asparagus in Brentwood, it must be spring

BYLINE: Times Herald

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 507 words


Ah, the glorious days of spring are here, when we all come out into the
sunshine, take a walk and smell the fresh air. It's the perfect time to visit
the farmers market, meet your neighbors, talk to your farmers and pick up some
of the wonderful spring produce now arriving.

That famous harbinger of spring, asparagus, is here. Whether you like big chubby
stalks of asparagus for grilling, or thin spears for salads and appetizers, the
earthy taste will have you grabbing several bunches and getting out the cookbook
to prepare this spring wonder of the veggie world.

Visit Cecchini & Cecchini Farms in Brentwood for very fresh asparagus -- and get
them now because the season only lasts through May or June.

Spring peas and onions will soon be making their appearance as the month
progresses. Visit Halog Farms for an awesome selection of leeks, spring green
onions, big heads of broccoli and fresh leafy greens like lettuce, chard, kale
and spinach.

They also have crisp carrots and celery to add to your favorite soups or stews.
Or stop by Nuñez Farm for the new spring crop of artichokes or some big red
beets or potatoes for your Irish "mash."

Spring also means sweet strawberries from Cortez Farm, the last of the season's
citrus from Aoyama Farms, and fresh-pressed apple cider and Fuji apples from
Rainbow Orchards to enjoy.

support farmers markets: Celebrate agriculture's amazing contributions by
shopping your local farmers market, buying locally-grown products and thanking
your farmer for their hard work and dedication to keeping agriculture a viable
vocation for the future.

Visitwww.agday.org to find out more information and get ideas on how to support
and celebrate agriculture in your neighborhood.

Farmers markets are open rain or shine.

Danville Farmers Market: 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Sundays year-round, Railroad and Prospect
avenues.

Livermore Farmers Market: 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Sundays year-round, 2nd Street between J
and K streets.

Pleasanton Farmers Market: Saturdays, 9 a.m.-1 p.m. year-round, Main and W.
Angela streets.

San Ramon Farmers Market: 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Saturdays year-round, Bishop Ranch 2
parking lot, Bollinger Canyon Road and Sunset Drive.

The Time is Ripe is a monthly column written by Vince Scalise, market operations
manager, and Debra Morris, promotions coordinator, for the Pacific Coast
Farmers' Market Association. Contact them atmrcarrot@pcfma.com .Traditional
Irish
potato soup
2 tablespoons of Irish butter
2 medium-sized onions
3 large potatoes, washed and peeled
1 cube chicken bouillon
2 cups of milk
1 clove garlic, crushed
1 teaspoon dried parsley
3 stalks celery, chopped
1 pinch ground black pepper and salt
1 cup of grated cheese
Thinly slice the onions and potatoes and add to a pan with melted Irish butter.
Add the chicken bouillon, celery, dried parsley, garlic and season with salt and
pepper.
Cover the pan allowing the vegetables to soften under a low heat, do not let
them brown. Add milk and mix until soup becomes thick, then stir in cheese until
fully melted. Serve hot with a few slices of buttered bread and enjoy.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Kamloops Daily News (British Columbia)

                            February 17, 2003 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Around Here

BYLINE: The Daily News

SECTION: CITY/REGION; Around Here; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 286  words


THE KAMLOOPS Farmers Market is teaming up with the CFJC weather report, CIFM and
Radio B-100 to raise money for area food banks in the coming season. The Good
Weather Bears fund-raiser is looking for donations of custom-made plush-toy
bears to represent firms, associations and professional groups as a marketing
opportunity during the evening weather on CFJC-TV and for radio promotions. They
will also be displayed at the Farmers Market. Bears can be ordered locally from
Bears by Molly at (250) 523-9588. Thirty per cent of the price of each bear goes
to the food bank of choice. To win a bear, viewers simply make a donation by
cash or cheque to the food bank of their choice and mail it to P.O. Box 1282,
Kamloops, B.C., V2C 6H3, or drop it off at the information table at the Farmers
Market. A winner will be drawn from the entries prior to Christmas.

KAMLOOPS Naturalist Club will have R. Wayne Campbell as a guest speaker at its
regular monthly meeting Thursday at Heritage House, 7 p.m. Campbell has been the
B.C. co-ordinator for the North American Breeding Bird Survey since 1976. He has
written 49 books on higher vertebrates and was senior author of the four-volume
set, The Birds of British Columbia. He will be holding a hands-on workshop for
people wanting to help wildlife Feb. 22, followed by an afternoon field trip.
Call 554-1285 for more information.

CHARLIE RUSSELL, author of Grizzly Heart: Living Without Fear Among the Brown
Bears of Kamchatka, will be at Merlin Books Feb. 24, 1 to 2 p.m., autographing
copies of his book. There will be a slide show and lecture at the Henry Grube
Centre at 7 p.m. Grizzly Heart is considered a pioneering work and a unique
window into a world few get to see.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 Kamloops Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Kent and Sussex Courier

                            February 1, 2008 Friday

Farmers' market is best in county

BYLINE:  James Daly

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 460 words


Traders and residents were celebrating this week as the Uckfield Farmers' Market
was voted the best in the county.

Judges at the Sussex Food and Drink Awards gave the market the top prize on
Thursday last week  at a ceremony at the East Sussex National Golf Resort.

The market beat off stiff competition from Brighton and Shoreham, who took the
runners-up slots.

Town co-ordinator Barry Knights, who helps run the market, was a happy man. He
said: "I am thrilled that the Uckfield Farmers' Market had a resounding win at
the very prestigious Sussex Food and Drink Awards ceremony. Although we all knew
that we were the best, it was good to have it confirmed."

More than 200 contestants split into seven categories took part in the whole
competition.

In the farmers' market section the award judges were looking for a market that
offered something a bit different, requiring the winner to "sell an exciting
range of local produce and offer an experience which shoppers, producers and
stall-holders really enjoy".

The market has been a regular feature of the town since 2001 and regularly
attracts 1,400 visitors on the first Saturday of each month.

With an average of 40 stalls, visitors are able to pick up fresh produce from
local traders.

"Our sincere thanks go out to our fans and supporters," added Mr Knights.
"Without their votes, we would not have won.

"We will, of course, take full advantage of this promotional asset, and will be
blowing the trumpet far and wide over the coming weeks.

"Thankfully, the award will also promote Uckfield as a whole, and the expected
increase in visitor footfall will hopefully spread into our High Street traders'
premises."

Chairman of the judges Clive Beddall  said: "Uckfield Farmers' Market is a very
worthy winner. It mirrors all that is good about the farmers' markets that are
springing up all over the country.

"It makes a major contribution to the economic success of the agricultural
sector in that part of the county.

"Over 4,500 members of the public voted in this year's awards - more than double
last year, which shows that more and more people want to know where their food
comes from, how it's grown, what's in it and how it's prepared - and there are
enormous opportunities for local suppliers who can meet these changing demands,"
he added.

The market was reintroduced to the town in 2001 by the Uckfield Regeneration
Partnership after an absence of more than 100 years, and plans to improve even
further.

Mr Knights added: "We plan to have special features every other market day, when
we will promote a product category. For example,  locally produced cheese, where
three or four producers will feature their fine products. This idea can be
repeated across a wide-range of locally grown and produced consumables."

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Kent and Sussex Courier
                              All Rights Reserved


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 22, 2011 Friday

Franklin County fresh-food guide available

BYLINE: Denise A. Raymo, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 510 words


July 22--MALONE -- Farmers markets and roadside stands are offering fresh
produce, vegetables and local meats from all over Franklin County.

And the 2011 Local Food Guide is available to pinpoint exactly where 34 local
growers and producers sell their goods.

The guide -- produced by Cornell Cooperative Extension of Franklin County and
sponsored through Adirondack Harvest, the We Can! nutritional program at Alice
Hyde Medical Center and Eat Smart NY -- lists the days and times where each
farmers market is held.

It offers details about the products and meats available from producers in
Franklin County who set up at markets, operate roadside stands in their
communities and sell products from their homes.

NEW LISTINGS

New this year is a listing of nine grocery stores and restaurants that sell and
feature locally grown foods for customers.

"These places have been doing it for years but not showcasing it," said
Bernadette Logozar, agriculture-program leader for Cornell Cooperative Extension
of Franklin County.

"But that's what we do," she said of her agency. "We're saying to them, 'We are
proud of what you're doing, supporting the agriculture industry, without people
being aware of it.'"

BENEFITS

Logozar said two existing programs can give eligible individuals and families
even more options for buying healthy, locally grown products at farmers markets.

Those who obtain benefits through the Women, Infants and Children program are
encouraged to be part of the Farmers Market Nutrition Program, which issues $25
coupon booklets toward the purchase of fruits and vegetables.

The Malone and Paul Smith's farmers markets are also able to swipe
electronic-benefit cards and issue $1 wooden tokens used to buy healthy
non-produce items, such as honey, meats, baked goods, jams and herbs being sold
there.

DISTRIBUTION

Logozar said it's important that businesses that sell locally produced goods, as
well as the growers and producers, promote their products. She encourages anyone
who isn't already listed in the annual Food Guide to contract her office to be
added to next year's publication.

About 20,000 copies are published each year, and a majority of them are inserted
in three area newspapers.

The rest are delivered through a network of volunteers to sites around the
county, including the chambers of commerce in Tupper Lake, Saranac Lake and
Malone, Alice Hyde Medical Center and the clinics the Malone hospital operates
in outlying communities.

The guide is also available online under the News link at
counties.cce.cornell.edu/franklin.

For more information, call Cornell Cooperative Extension at 483-7403 or email
Bernadette Logozar at bel7@cornell.edu

Email Denise A. Raymo at: draymo@pressrepublican.com

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110722-ZI-Franklin-County-fresh-food-guide-available-0722-20110722

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2011 The Press-Republican


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2014 Friday

West virginia: Agriculture Department Announces 2014 Agritoursim Marketing
Winners

LENGTH: 387  words

DATELINE: Charleston


The State of West Virginia has issued the following news release:

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture recognized the best in agritourism
marketing efforts over the past year during the 2014 Small Farm Conference at
Waterfront Place Hotel in Morgantown February 28.

"Marketing is a key component of a successful agritourism operation," said
Commissioner of Agriculture Walt Helmick. "Each year, these awards recognize the
best in marketing and promotions, and encourage others to improve their
communications programs."

This year's winners are:
Best Brochure for an attraction or event
1 - Harpers Ferry Zip Line Canopy Tour - Jefferson County
2 - Byrnside Branch Farm & Corn Maze - Monroe County
3 - WV Miniature Horse Championship - Preston County

Best Photo depicting WV Agri-tourism
1 - Stone Road Vineyard - Wirt County
2 - Heavenly Sunlight Alpaca Farm - Wirt County
3 - Butcher Family Farm - Wood County

Best rack card for an attraction or event
1 - Lambert's Winery
2 - Smooth Ambler Spirits
3 - Richter's Maple House

Best website for an attraction or event
1 - Mountain State Art & Craft Fair - Jackson County
2 - Byrnside Branch Farm & Corn Maze - Monroe County
3 - Wetzel County Farmers Market - Wetzel County

Best brochure or rack card for a fair or festival
1 - Mountain State Art & Craft Fair - Jackson County
2 - Preston County Buckwheat Festival - Preston County
3 - WV Miniature Horse Championship - Harrison County

Best brochure or rack card for a farmers market, roadside stand or CSA
1 - Parkersburg Farmers Market - Wood County
2 - Wetzel County Farmers Market - Wetzel County
3 - Bridgeport Farmers Market - Harrison County

Best website for a farmers market, roadside stand, bed and breakfast or CSA
1 - Orr's Farm Market - Jefferson County
2 - Fish Hawk Acres - Upshur County
3 - Wetzel County Farmers Market - Wetzel County

Best brochure or rack card for a WV Bed and Breakfast
1 - The Inn at Lost River Bed & Breakfast - Hardy County
2 - The WV Bed & Breakfast Association - Preston County
3 - Brass Pineapple Bed & Breakfast - Kanawha County

Best social media campaign, any agritourism entity sor event
1 - Bridgeport Farmers Market - Harrison County
2 - Orr's Farm Market - Jefferson County
3 - Harpers Ferry Zip Line Canopy Tour - Jefferson County

For more information please visit: http://www.wv.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 5, 2007 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: The revived farmers market is good for Fayetteville and consumers

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 451 words


Sep. 5--Ripe, juicy peaches; crisp, sweet corn, vine-ripened tomatoes. Nothing
beats fresh local produce.

But finding a regular supply of fruit and vegetables that didn't spend weeks on
the back of a truck can prove challenging.

Grocery stores in Cumberland County are just as likely to stock corn from
California or cabbage from Texas as they are to sell local supplies that grow
abundantly in our region.

When the Downtown Fayetteville Farmers Market returns today after a three-year
hiatus, food enthusiasts can once again enjoy the freshness that comes from
cutting out the middleman.

A group of local farmers will offer a market each Wednesday in September to whet
the community's appetite and gauge interest. If the trial run is successful, the
market will reopen in the spring as a permanent fixture.

We hope it succeeds. A busy, well-stocked farmers market would be a welcome
addition to our re-emerging downtown.

This market has all the ingredients of success. In the past local farmers
markets have suffered from poor promotion and politics. The most recent version
was overwhelmingly successful when it opened in May 2003 at Rowan Street and Ray
Avenue. But then the city began construction of Festival Park and moved the
market -- more than once. Confused farmers and customers stopped going and the
market quickly fell apart.

This time the farmers are running the show. And they collaborated with the N.C.
Department of Agriculture & Consumer Services Marketing Division to create both
a Web site (downtownfayettevillemarket.com) and a logo: "Freedom, Families, and
Fresh, Local Food."

Now it's up to the public to support the the endeavor.

Buying locally isn't just about taste. The food is fresher and healthier, and
it's better for the planet. Hauling produce from other states, and countries,
burns fossil fuels and emits pollution.

When you buy locally you ensure that family farms in this community do well. The
vitality of small farms is good for the entire economy.

The farmers will sell their produce in the parking lot behind AIT on Hay Street
from 3 to 7 p.m today. It also is accessible from Ray Avenue.

We expect to see steady traffic tonight. There is more than enough demand for a
farmers market. But it's the return business that will determine its success.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.fayettevillenc.com. Copyright (c) 2007, The Fayetteville Observer,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070905-FY-EDIT-FARMERS-MARKET-20070905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2007 The Fayetteville Observer


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      North Shore News (British Columbia)

                           September 11, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Food Calendar

BYLINE: Compiled by Deana Lancaster

SECTION: TASTE; Food Calendar; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 863  words


Disaster Donations: Whole Foods Market at the Village at Park Royal in West
Vancouver is collecting donations from shoppers who wish to donate to the relief
efforts in Louisiana. Customers can simply add a donation to their grocery
purchases and all collected funds will go directly to the American Red Cross
Disaster Relief Fund. Whole Foods Market will match in-store customer
contributions made across North America up to $1 million US.

Louisiana Fundraiser: Until Sept. 14, South Granville eatery Ouisi Bistro will
be hosting a fundraiser with all proceeds to the Canadian Red Cross for the
disaster relief in the American South. Ouisi, which specializes in the foods of
New Orleans, will be donating 15 per cent of sales of two traditional New
Orleans dishes: Gumbo and Jambalaya (as well as Vegetarian Jambalaya) to the Red
Cross. As well, customers who donate a minimum of $5 to the cause will be
entered into a draw for a trip for two to anywhere in North America, donated by
Ouisi Bistro. It's located at 3014 Granville St., Vancouver. Call 604-732-7550
or visit www.ouisibistro.com for information.

Lonsdale Quay Farmers' Market: Find fresh B.C. produce, honey, salmon,
chocolate, baked goods, jams, jellies and home-canned items at this market held
every Saturday from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. outside Lonsdale Quay until Oct. 29.

Dundarave Farmers' Market: Find fresh B.C. produce and more at this market held
every Saturday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. in Dundarave until October.

Ambleside Farmers' Market:Farmers, artisans and crafters will be selling their
wares at this market, located on Bellevue Avenue between 13th Street and 14th
Street, every Sunday between 11 a.m. and 4 p.m. until Oct. 30.

Bread with your cheese: Until the end of October, Pane e Formaggio in Dundarave
is offering a Complimentary Bread with Cheese promotion. Drop by and try cheeses
from around the world, make your pick, then let staff recommend the loaf that
complements the cheese of your choice.

Lookin' for love in all the right carapaces! On Wednesday, Sept. 14 chef Karen
Barnaby will prepare a selection of lobster dishes for class participants at
Tools & Techniques. Just for the shell of it, come taste Sweet Potato Soup with
Lobster and Orange Creme Fraiche; Lobster Caesar Salad with Garlic Lemon
Croutons; Macaroni and Cheese with Lobster, Prawns and Crab; Lobster Thermidor;
and Calcutta Lobster in Spinach and Yogurt Sauce. Class begins at 6:30 p.m. and
tuition is $75. To register, call 604-925-1835.

Carving demonstration: Learn about knife skills during a fruit and vegetable
carving demonstration by chef Armando Baisas of Le Cordon Bleu Institute in
Ottawa on Friday, Sept. 16. The event will take place at Bella Vita Home
Essentials in the Village at Park Royal from 3 to 6 p.m. and in the north mall
from 7 to 9 p.m. It's free to the public.

Taste of the City: Discover the diversity of Vancouver's culinary culture at
Citytv's third annual Taste of the City, a one-day tasting extravaganza on
Saturday, Sept. 17 at the Plaza of Nations from noon till 9 p.m. Admission is
free. Patrons simply purchase "Taste Tickets" in 50 cent denominations and can
exchange them for sample-size portions of signature menu items from more than 30
of Vancouver's best restaurants. Items range in price from 50 cents to $3.
Restaurants include: Ashiana Tandoori Restaurant, Azure Lounge and Grill,
Bridges, C Restaurant, Cassis Bistro, Ch'i Restaurant & Lounge, Chutney Villa,
The Croatian Cultural Centre, Feenie's, Habibi's, Handi Cuisine of India, Le
Gavroche, The Kiwi Pie Co, Maurya, Mosaic, Memphis Mike's BBQ, The Mouse and
Bean, Nando's Chicken, Oasis, Rossini's, Sate Satu, Taverna Gorgona, The Thai
House and Wild Rice.

Celebrity Chefs Golf Tournament: Les Dames d'Escoffier's sixth annual golf
tourney at Westwood Plateau Golf and Country Club takes place Monday, Sept. 19.
The all-star line-up of chefs includes notable pros and culinarians like Rob
Feenie, Michel Jacob, Thomas Haas, Scott Jaeger, Bernard Casavant, Caren
McSherry, Susan Meister, Pam Williams and others. Tickets are $195 for golf and
dinner or $60 for dinner only. Proceeds support Les Dames d'Escoffier's
scholarship fund. Registration forms are available online at www.lesdames.ca

ChefMeetsGrape: a unique celebration of B.C. food and wine brings together the
best of B.C. VQA fall release wines with the culinary highlights of Vancouver's
incredible food scene. The tasting is on Sept. 20 at the Vancouver Convention &
Exhibition Centre (VCEC) in the Parkview Terrace from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. Partial
proceeds will go to support the Pacific Salmon Foundation. Tickets are $75 and
can be purchased at winebc.com/tickets.

Wines of Canada: On Sept. 20, North Vancouver resident and wine expert John
Schreiner will present his latest book, Wines of Canada, at Barbara-Jo's Books
to Cooks. Participants will sample some of the nation's best offerings. The
class begins at 6:30 p.m. Tickets are $85 and include a copy of the featured
book. Barbara-Jo's is located at 1740 West Second Ave., Vancouver. Call
604-688-6755 for more information.

If you have an event for the food calendar please send information to
dlancaster@nsnews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 North Shore News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Enid News & Eagle (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 19, 2013 Tuesday

Enid Farmers Market preparing for 5th season starting in May

BYLINE: Robert Barron, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 517 words


Feb. 19--ENID, Okla. -- Enid Farmers Market is preparing for its fifth season
starting in May, and Corey Groendyke said it will be refocusing on some of its
original goals.

"We're interested in people who want to be an active participant in Farmers
Market in any capacity," Groendyke said. "Whether it's marketing, promotion,
onsite or someone who wants to be there working the information table on
Saturday. We are definitely looking to expand the board, and are keeping our
options open to the general population."

Groendyke said there may be someone out there who is passionate about Farmers
Market, and who is willing to be an advocate for the market and the things it
supports. Groendyke said supporters are trying to take the market to the next
level, by not only focusing on the market, but also by staying true to core
principles, which help educate the community on healthier living and healthier
eating.

She plans to start with a Facebook campaign today related to Farmers Market,
devoted to a healthier lifestyle.

"It's amazing how people think just because a label says all 'natural' it is
healthy, when it isn't," Groendyke said. "We will really expand that aspect of
the market."

Groendyke said Farmers Market wants to expand the number of vendors. In recent
years, the number of vendors has slightly declined due to the drought and high
temperatures. She said it is difficult to have a fruitful market during drought
conditions.

"We want people to know Farmers Market is here to stay and committed to our core
principles, including education," she said.

"As the season progresses, we will hit Facebook pretty heavily with information,
as we get our feet wet in season five. We will expand into cross education and
on the local fitness beat as well."

The date for the annual GreEnid event has been set for June 22, and this year
the entire event will be in keeping with the past theme. It will focus heavily
on education, recycling and local recycling opportunities, Groendyke said. Those
recycling opportunities are critical not only to the local environment, but also
to the environment of the nation.

Regardless of whether a product is in season or not, Enid Farmer's Market is
here to support the community in all aspects, and to provide local fresh food,
Groendyke said.

"We're here through thick and thin. Bring on the drought and bring on the flood.
It doesn't matter if we have 1,100 people a week, or if we have Oklahoma-grown
tomatoes the first week we're open," she said.

Groendyke became even more interested in education as her girls, now 5, 7 and 9,
began to grow. She said they need to know what is in their food. There are
occasional events that provide opportunities to educate them, she said.

Groendyke said it is not Farmers Market's desire to make people feel bad about
the way they eat. Organizers want to provide information for the community they
are invested in, so people can make their own choices.

"We love Enid," Groendyke said.

___ (c)2013 the Enid News & Eagle (Enid, Okla.) Visit the Enid News & Eagle
(Enid, Okla.) at www.enidnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130219-EK-Enid-Farmers-Market
-preparing-for-5th-season-starting-in-May-0219-20130219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EK


                        Copyright 2013 Enid News & Eagle


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday
                          WeeklyTimesFeatureB Edition

Pavilion a taste treat plus a few top drops

BYLINE: By ALEX SAMPSON

SECTION: CLASSIFIEDS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 356 words


A FOOD-tasting pavilion has been the dream of Elmore Field Days president Frank
Harney for the past five years, but there's never been the right setup at the
field days site to do it.

This year his dream came true and the first ever Taste More Food and Wine
Pavilion has come to fruition.

It will host 21 exhibitors, from cheese and salami producers to winemakers, most
from within 80km of Elmore, in a farmers' market-style setup for spectators to
come and taste and buy.

"It all came together quickly - in just two months - once we realised we would
have the facilities this year," Mr Harney said.

"We started off with 21 because we didn't want to bite off more than we could
chew." Mr Harney, whose day job is Elmore Compost, an organic composting
business, said it had been easy to source exhibitors.

"Farmers' markets are on around the state every weekend so there are plenty of
people out there," he said. "We also supply a lot of organic compost to a lot of
these producers, and they were quite willing to come on board.

"Elmore is a bigger crowd than a farmers' market so it will expose those
exhibitors to a bigger client base, which will be good for them." The aim was to
create another attraction for patrons - one to see and taste - and provide local
producers with another avenue to promote their products, Mr Harney said.

"Most farmers, and I hate to generalise, wouldn't visit farmers' markets, so
it's a great chance for them to see this kind of produce and interact with these
kind of exhibitors," he said. "That said, it will be a very different experience
to a farmers' market.

"There will be rows of producers and food tasting, like the setup of the rest of
the field day, and a seating area nearby." Mr Harney said he was excited by the
support the pavilion had already received and thought it would do well.

"The support we've received so far has been tremendous and I can't wait to see
how it goes," Mr Harney said. "The press has been really interested, and we've
received a lot of support from spectators and producers."Mr Harney hopes to
expand the Taste More Food and Wine Pavilion in future to include more
exhibitors.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Weekly Times


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 25, 2007 Tuesday

'Agritourism' branding effort aims to bring visitors to rural South Carolina

BYLINE: Gene Zaleski, The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1044 words


Sep. 25--"Ask for South Carolina. Nothing's Fresher, Nothing's Finer."

The South Carolina Department of Agriculture's "Certified South Carolina"
agricultural marketing campaign is touted by department officials as a key to
the success and enhancement of the state's agritourism sector.

"Agritourism is still relatively new to a lot of people," South Carolina
Commissioner of Agriculture Hugh Weathers told approximately two dozen
individuals in attendance recently at the 2007 South Carolina Agritourism Summit
held at Orangeburg-Calhoun Technical College. "We think rural tourism in South
Carolina is agritourism. We think agritourism can be a part of our branding
effort."

The Agritourism Summit was sponsored by the state Department of Agriculture and
the South Carolina National Heritage Corridor Farmers Association.

Weathers said research conducted as part of the marketing and branding effort
revealed that people generally desire to support their local economies. "This
applies to agritourism as well in that out client or customer base should first
off come from our own neighbors in South Carolina and then reach out beyond."

Weathers said a crucial part of the agritourism business is the state's farmers
markets. He said a fine example is the collaboration of about 14 of the state's
farmers markets this summer during Farmer's Market Week in the Certified South
Carolina Bake Sale.

The Orangeburg County and Elloree Farmers Market both participated in the sale,
which was a part of the national "Great American Bake Sale." The event is
sponsored by Share our Strength and The Food Network.

Proceeds from the South Carolina Bake Sale program, about $2,703, were presented
to the South Carolina Advocates For Agriculture, an associate group for the
SCDA. South Carolina Advocates will allocate the money to helping fight hunger
in the state.

Weathers said the SCDA will gladly promote South Carolina products, but he
challenged local farmers markets to take the reins in continuing success.

"If they go to the market one time, they will come back if they enjoy the
experience," he said, noting he has visited several markets around the state and
found a key ingredient to success. "I like the enthusiasm about agritourism.
Enthusiasm is a key ingredient in turning something successful."

Dr. Anne Crook, president of Orangeburg-Calhoun Technical College, offered the
college's support of agritourism.

"It is important that our college be involved in the agriculture movement to
improve life for those who are interested in agriculture and to recruit
additional folks," Crook said, noting the college is looking to initiate
agricultural programs next year.

Ansley Rast, marketing specialist with SCDA, presented attendees an overview of
the state's efforts in "Promoting the Family Farm" and encouraged farmers to
brand their products as Certified South Carolina.

The SCDA's Certified South Carolina campaign creates consumer awareness by
touting "Nothing's Fresher, Nothing's Finer. Ask for South Carolina." It
encourages consumers to buy South Carolina products.

Rast noted the marketing campaign is on produce and product labels with
"Certified SC Grown" and "Certified SC Products," respectively.

The campaign will also include billboards, commercials and magazine
advertisements. In the near future, Rast said there will be a Web site database
for farmers to promote and sell their products.

Rast said there will also be an effort to get the campaign out to the restaurant
sector.

Individuals interested in becoming a member of the marketing program are asked
to call Rast at 803-734-2200 or visit the Web site at www.certifiedscgrown.com

Evin Evans, owner and operator of Split Creek Farm, a goat dairy farm in
Anderson, provided testimony on how the South Carolina National Heritage
Corridor Farmers Association has helped her get her product, goat cheese,
marketed.

"You can ask the people who drive in my farm in town and they ask what is
happening in Split Creek Farm. They say, 'Oh, it is the goat ladies,'" Evans
said, noting the operation is one of the largest goat cheese producers in the
nation. "We need people in South Carolina to know that."

Evans was among the founding members of the Heritage Corridor's Farmers
Association, which was spawned to help better market farms along the corridor.

The South Carolina National Heritage Corridor was established by the U.S.
Congress in 1996 as one of a select number of National Heritage Areas -- regions
in which entire communities live and work, and where residents, businesses and
local governments have come together to conserve special landscapes and their
own heritage. It encompasses a region of the state that retains a large
percentage of rural landscapes.

Evans said an effort is in place focusing on "how we can organize and bring some
life back into the family farm and bring some awareness and appreciation by our
neighbors to make them aware that they don't need to leave their community to
buy food."

During a question-and-answer session, one inquiry was about promoting in-state
tours of farm operations.

Panelists noted the South Carolina Agricultural Council is holding an
agricultural tour Oct. 11. The day-long event will include a tour of the Split
Creek Goat Farm in Anderson, and the Happy Cow Creamer in Pelzer. Participants
can register for the event that morning between 7:30 a.m. and 7:45 a.m. at the
South Carolina Farm Bureau in Cayce.

South Carolina Ag Council members may bring one guest for $30. The cost for
non-members of the Ag Council is $40 per person.

The day-long summit includes an overview on the U.S. Department of Agriculture
farm loan programs, a look at the National Animal Identification Survey, an
overview of the Agritourism Activity Liability Act in North Carolina, and
examination of USDA standards in animal care and well being.

To see more of The Times and Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.timesanddemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2007, The Times and Democrat,
Orangeburg, S.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070925-GG-AGRITOURISM-20070925

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2007 The Times and Democrat


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                              May 30, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Cambridge market one of Canada's 10 best; Recognition from Best Health Magazine
comes as city hears suggestions to attract more customers

BYLINE: Kevin Swayze, RECORD STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 649  words

DATELINE: CAMBRIDGE


As it recovers from two years of construction next door, the Cambridge Farmers'
Market has won national praise.

It's one of the top 10 farmers' markets in Canada, Best Health Magazine, a
Reader's Digest publication, says in its summer issue.

"It speaks volumes about the Cambridge farmers' market," Coun. Ben Tucci said
this week at council, after the Top 10 list, with one market from each province,
was read out.

But council heard recently that the 171-year-old market in downtown Cambridge
needs an image makeover and more self-promotion. It could also use more
contemporary hours, a retail expert says.

Regular shoppers love the red-brick landmark beside historic City Hall, but the
building needs an interior renovation to meet customer demands for clean, bright
places to shop, Allan Ramsay said. The city hired his marketing and
communications firm to create a five-year strategic plan for the market. The
contract was for $29,000.

The city and the farmers' market committee also need to "aggressively market the
market," Ramsay said. This includes advertising prices on the Internet and
hunting for new vendors. "You need to create a brand for the farmers' market,"
he said. "We need to win a share of heart as well as win a share of business."

It costs $235,000 a year to run the city-owned market at Ainslie and Dickson
streets. The market generates annual revenue of $71,900, so taxpayers cover the
remaining $163,300 cost.

Ramsay said the image remake might take five years and could be done within the
existing market operating budget.

But council would have to come up with the cash for interior renovations. The
inside isn't as bright or easy to use as modern supermarkets. And it lacks
adequate washrooms and handicapped access, Ramsay said.

The report was accepted without debate by council this week. Renovation costs
will be calculated and brought back to council as part of 2009 city budget
proposals.

Tucci said the farmers' market deserves steady city support to help with
downtown renewal.

"Every community has one. It's a vital component in our municipality."

Over the last two years, market business suffered while a $30 million city
office building was constructed next door, blocking pedestrian and vehicle
access. Work finished in February, so vendors hope spring weather leads to a
year of recovery, with hundreds of new parking spaces open nearby and a civic
square with public events 20 metres away.

Shopper and telephone surveys found regular shoppers are big market supporters,
even during rough times, but "some people have forgotten the market," Ramsay
said.

"Some didn't know Cambridge had one -- but knew St. Jacobs does -- or didn't
know where it was. Some felt it was nice, but it didn't fit their lifestyle."

The surveys also found health and environmental issues are key for shoppers "so
the market is more relevant now than in the past."

Ramsay said the "market must be perceived to be competitive" to attract quality
vendors and customers used to specialty food stores and supermarkets open around
the clock.

Saturday hours start at 6 a.m., but most shoppers don't shop that early anymore.
Ramsay suggested the market open later and stay open later in the afternoon. It
could also open on different days.

Making the summer Wednesday fruit and vegetable market, which runs June 17 to
Sept. 18, more attractive to potential customers is another thing to consider,
he says. This year on Wednesdays, vendors will try opening from 10 a.m to 5
p.m., instead of 6 a.m. to 1 p.m.

Other suggestions include offering customers samples of food or bringing in food
experts, such as cookbook authors, to talk to shoppers who want to learn about
what they're buying.

Ramsay said the city must start tracking sales and customer data, which its
competitors already do.

This would allow council to make decisions based on sound business information,
not anecdotal evidence.

kswayze@therecord.com

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: PETER LEE, RECORD FILE PHOTO , Outside vendors at the Cambridge
Farmers' Market know a good thing -- the market was included in a magazine's
list of Canada's 10 best. Meanwhile, councillors have heard suggestions from a
consultant about how to make the market even better.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Coventry Evening Telegraph

                            April 24, 2003, Thursday

FARMERS' MARKET AXED AFTER SALES DROP;
 WE JUST CAN'T AFFORD TO KEEP TURNING UP, SAY STALLHOLDERS

BYLINE: DAYLE CRUTCHLOW

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 294 words


FARMERS' markets in Nuneaton and Bedworth have been axed because of lack of
support from the public.

The markets, which were held on the first Wednesday of every month in Nuneaton
and the last Wednesday in Bedworth, were hailed a huge success when they were
first launched last June.

But custom has dropped off to the point where the farmers say they simply can't
afford to set up and sell their goods, which included eggs and poultry, fruit
and vegetables, honey, apple juice and bakery products.

Mike Wilkes, chairman of Warwickshire Farmers Markets, said: "We kept coming and
coming but there comes a point where there aren't enough people to serve.

"We went along full of hope and the promotion was all done. In the beginning you
have the euphoria - people coming to see what it is all about. Unfortunately, it
never gained the momentum we had hoped for.

"In the case of Bedworth, it's a wonderful facility but the last time I was
there I took pounds 50. It costs pounds 22.50 just to stand.

"In Nuneaton we were tagged onto the other market from day one, which was not
ideal. The market needs to be seen as a separate entity.

"The farmers didn't stop coming - the customers stopped coming."

Peter Benham, public amenities manager for Nuneaton and Bedworth Borough
Council, said the markets had struggled once the novelty value had worn off.

He said: "It's a bit of a disappointment but you have to face reality. It's a
shame because it's nice to see something a bit different.

"A lot of it is down to novelty value. If you have something regularly it's not
as good as seeing something different and waiting for it to come again.

"We could do a special one once a year and we're looking at a Continental
market."

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Coventry Newspapers Limited


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Market forays should be interesting to watch

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 304 words


The return of the mid-week operation at the Guelph Farmers' Market is good news.

As a 2012 pilot project related to such a venture showed, there is public
interest in this coming about. According to City of Guelph statistics
surrounding the pilot project, the Wednesday afternoon/evening sessions in 2012
attracted between 450 and 900 people a week and came off without the
municipality losing money in any week.

Now, this venture will be heavily influenced by weather. So, all stakeholders in
this venture should be hoping for warm and dry Wednesdays, starting June 4.
Those behind this initiative may also have to do some smart promotion to
overcome its disappearance a year ago due to urgent upgrades carried out at the
market building. But there seems to be a chance to grow this as more than a
one-year stunt, and possibly beyond a largely one-season one as well.

It will be interesting to see how the Wednesday farmers' market planned for the
same dates by the Downtown Guelph Business Association influences this renewed
experiment. That's an additional X-factor.

Business association backers predict its smaller session will complement rather
than compete with the Guelph Farmers' Market foray. Certainly, the two won't
have an overlap of vendors or of all operating hours. Those will be keys.

Other important factors will be the trust and patience of merchants to give this
a vigorous go, even if early returns aren't terrific.

There also needs to be significant support from the City of Guelph and the
business association. And those who embrace the idea of shopping in such
settings will have to show their interest by buying-in as well, and the sooner
the better.

More use of the farmers' market by such unique vendors and the traffic they draw
should be great wins for the downtown core.

We hope that proves to be the case.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               guelphmercury.com

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Market forays should be interesting to watch

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 305 words


The return of the mid-week operation at the Guelph Farmers' Market is good news.

As a 2012 pilot project related to such a venture showed, there is public
interest in this coming about. According to City of Guelph statistics
surrounding the pilot project, the Wednesday afternoon/evening sessions in 2012
attracted between 450 and 900 people a week and came off without the
municipality losing money in any week.

Now, this venture will be heavily influenced by weather. So, all stakeholders in
this venture should be hoping for warm and dry Wednesdays, starting June 4.
Those behind this initiative may also have to do some smart promotion to
overcome its disappearance a year ago due to urgent upgrades carried out at the
market building. But there seems to be a chance to grow this as more than a
one-year stunt, and possibly beyond a largely one-season one as well.

It will be interesting to see how the Wednesday farmers' market planned for the
same dates by the Downtown Guelph Business Association influences this renewed
experiment. That's an additional X-factor.

Business association backers predict its smaller session will complement rather
than compete with the Guelph Farmers' Market foray. Certainly, the two won't
have an overlap of vendors or of all operating hours. Those will be keys.

Other important factors will be the trust and patience of merchants to give this
a vigorous go, even if early returns aren't terrific. There also needs to be
significant support from the City of Guelph and the business association. And
those who embrace the idea of shopping in such settings will have to show their
interest by buying-in as well, and the sooner the better.

More use of the farmers' market by such unique vendors and the traffic they draw
should be great wins for the downtown core. We hope that proves to be the case.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                           November 8, 2012 Thursday

Opportunity to meet Prince

BYLINE: By BOBBIE NICHOLLS

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 448 words


When the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall visit Manawatu next
Thursday, November 15, Feilding is expecting crowds in Manchester Square to
greet them at lunchtime.

The Diamond Jubilee Visit Office has said all timings are approximate but the
royal couple is expected to drive from Ohakea Air Force base to Feilding
arriving at Manchester Square at 12.20pm.

Some rural schools are rehearsing a welcome to be seen from the air as the
royals fly into Ohakea, while others hope to see them en route to Feilding.

Feilding Farmers' Market stallholders are holding an extra market on Thursday
because of the prince's interest in locally produced food and Feilding's market
was voted recently the Best Farmers' Market in New Zealand.

The special market will open at 9am and there will be entertainment in the
Square from 11am to 2pm.

But the expected influx of international media, locals and visitors to Feilding,
to see the royal couple will be cleared from the market square about half an
hour before the royal party are due to arrive.

"Although part of the square will be cordoned off, the public should be able to
see the royal couple from behind the ropes," said Feilding promotion manager
Helen Worboys.

Because of Prince Charles' interest in farmers' markets he is expected to talk
to some stallholders.

He has asked that the theme of his week-long visit be 'New Zealand' so Feilding
will welcome not only Union Jacks but silver ferns or New Zealand flags to be
waved.

The 'Right Royal Rural letterboxes' competition entries will be on display in
Manchester Square and the prince and duchess have asked to speak to children who
are there with their entries.

They will also visit the cenotaph, meeting fallen soldiers' families, and talk
to local farmers.

Security around the royals is strict and those who have been invited to meet
them - stallholders, organisers, dignitaries and media - have all had to receive
clearance from police before being allowed within the cordon.

Parking will be at a premium as the central town will be closed to traffic from
7am to 3pm. Victoria Park, Manfeild and the railway reserve will all be
available for parking.

Workers in the CBD are being encouraged to walk to work on the day.

After about an hour in the town, Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall
will be whisked off in different directions: Prince Charles to visit a Manawatu
farm, and the duchess to Massey University Equine Research and Wildlife centres.

By 3pm they will be back at Ohakea to meet Air Force personnel, then attend a
reception at Government House in Wellington at 7pm.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Night out: Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall at a film premiere.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 13, 2013 Tuesday

Farmers market brings Ashby community together for the arts

BYLINE: Rian Bosse, Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 442 words


Aug. 13--Thursday night in Ashby has been given a new twist this August. From
music to movies and hamburgers to arugula, the city park has played host to
something special.

The Ashby farmers market and community festival kicked off this month with the
town's first night of local food and artistic performance. Featuring a movie and
music in the evening, the community enjoys a meal while local farm vendors set
up shop along the park's perimeter.

Since opening night on Aug. 1, the gathering has witnessed growing interest.
Over 100 people were served the first night by the Ashby FFA, one of four
non-profits to serve a meal at each event, and even more showed up for the fun
the next week.

"My expectation is that we'll have more people there every week," said Val
Martin, city clerk in Ashby and one of the event's organizers.

Martin said the farmers market was in the works between community members for
some time. Supported by a grant from the Lakes Region Arts Council, the art
dimension brings a unique twist to what is becoming a popular trend for city and
towns across the country.

"It's just to fill that arts gap," Martin said. "We want to get the good word
out on the arts."

Performers included a variety of musical genres and the movies have been musical
to comedy features. The different mediums have been used to not only keep
attendees both entertained and thinking about the art they've encountered in
many different aspects of their lives. Attendees also receive information on the
history of the art form and specifics on the evening's film.

The arts promotion has been a major plus for bringing in members of the
community.

"The arts commission has been really great with jumping in and getting things
done," Martin said. "We've just had a whole group of people come help out from
the community, and that's a very positive thing about it."

The event has paid off for vendors as well. For Bryan Simon and his wife,
Jessie, from Lakeside Prairie Farm near Barrett, the Thursday nights are a great
way to sell their food and meet new people from the area.

"There are so many people who come back and you really get to know them," Bryan
said. "We just love the great community atmosphere that is here."

But for Martin, the event has brought something new to the community. Seeing so
many people exposed to new things has been rewarding, according to Martin.

"It's just fun to do something different than the activities we've done over the
years," Martin said.

___ (c)2013 the Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) Visit the
Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) at www.fergusfallsjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130813-1FF-Farmers-market
-brings-Ashby-community-together-for-the-arts-0813-20130813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FF


                Copyright 2013 Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday

Warren

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 464 words


LEBANON Winter farmer's market at Main and Sycamore

A winter farmer's market is scheduled for Thursday from 3 p.m. to 7 p.m. in the
parking lot at the corner of Main Street and Sycamore Street in Lebanon. For
information, 513-933-7200.

STAFF REPORT

WARREN COUNTY United Way annual meeting at Marriott

United Way of Warren County will be holding its annual meeting on March 21 at
the Cincinnati Marriott Northeast, 9664 S. Mason Montgomery Road, Mason.

The luncheon will be from 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m. and the cost is $20 per person. This
event is sponsored by Flynn & Company, Inc.

For reservations or information, go to www.warrencounty unitedway.org or call
513-932-3987, extension 101.

STAFF REPORT

MASON Parks manager promoted to director

Chrissy Avery has been promoted from Recreation Manager to Parks & Recreation
Director in Mason. Avery began as a program supervisor in 2006 and was promoted
to Recreation Manager in 2010. For information, 513-229-8510.

STAFF REPORT

DEERFIELD TWP. Commission to weigh 18-acre development

The Warren County Regional Planning Commission is scheduled to consider a plan
for an 18-acre neighborhood business development on land currently zoned for
residential use on Tylersville Road. Tylersville Promenade, proposed by Mayfair
Acquisition and Development, would feature 90,000 to 100,000 feet of retail,
restaurant and office space and more than 700 parking spaces. A 30-to-50-foot
buffer would be constructed between the development, west of US 42 and the
Rosemont South subdivision. A farm currently sits on the site. The commission is
to consider the plan during a meeting set to begin at 1 p.m., Thursday, Feb. 27
in the Commissioner's Meeting Room, County Administration Building, 406 Justice
Dr., Lebanon. For information, 513-695-1224. LAWRENCE BUDD

SPRINGBORO Rezoning hearing for assisted living center

The Springboro Planning Commission is expected to consider a rezoning on West
Central Avenue/Ohio 73, west of the intersection of West Central and Royal
Drive, for a 111-unit assisted living facility proposed on 7.5 acres on the
south side of West Central. The property is on the east corner of the Easton
Farm.

Also, Charles Simms Development in Centerville wants to revise the plan for the
9-acre Village Park development, to be called Parkside Row, increasing the
number of townhouses from 45 to 56 units and change the layout of buildings,
circulation and parking. The development is 500 feet west of the intersection of
Village Park and Gardner drives, off Ohio 741.

The commission is also expected to consider a request from the Settlers Walk
Homeowners Association to remove a road that would connect Settlers Walk and The
Springs development.

The meeting begins at 6 p.m. at City Hall, 320 W. Central Ave. For information,
937-748-4343.

LAWRENCE BUDD

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

BYLINE: Adriana Janovich adrianaj@spokesman.com,(509) 459-5446

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 361 words


fresh sheet

By Adriana Janovich

adrianaj@spokesman.com,(509) 459-5446

Cooking with quinoa

There's still time to enter Alter Eco's second annual quinoa recipe contest.

Prizes include a year of the brand's premium heritage grade quinoa, plus a Le
Creuset cookware set. The contest runs through Sunday.

Last year's grand prize winner created Indian Inspired Quinoa Street Taco with
Fresh Fig Salsa. One of the four semifinalists was Edwina Gadsby, of Hayden, who
made a Thai Quinoa & Crab Salad with Yuzu Vinaigrette and won a year's supply of
quinoa.

Alter Eco, a specialty food brand, aims to support small producers of exotic,
sustainable and healthy foods - like pearl-shaped, nutty, nutritious and
versatile quinoa.

To enter, visit www.alterecofoods.com/ recipe-contest. Rules and regulations can
be found at http://alterecofoods.com/ about-us/rules-and- regulations.

Cooking demo

Chef Adam Hegsted will lead a "no-cook" cooking demonstration from 4 to 6 p.m.
Friday at the Emerson-Garfield Farmers' Market.

The volunteer-run North Spokane farmers market is hosting the demo to celebrate
National Farmers Market Week, which runs Aug. 3 to 9.

The free demo will feature at least two recipes recommended by the Washington
State Farmers Market Association as well as basic knife skills and kitchen
safety. Recipes - Summer Watermelon, Peach and Heirloom Tomato and Tasty Summer
Beet salads - will be available for free on glossy index cards.

The Emerson-Garfield Farmers' Market launched last year. It runs Fridays from 3
to 7 p.m. in the parking lot of Knox Presbyterian, 806 W. Knox Ave.

Wine by the Yards

The Spokane Winery Association will be hosting this wine tasting event at 5:30
p.m. Friday at The Nest at Kendall Yards.

The event features more than 30 wines as well as hors d'oeuvres.

The cost is $40 per person or $75 for two. Limited tickets are available for
purchase at www.spokanewineries.net/ event/.

The Spokane Winery Association, an alliance of Spokane-area wineries, works to
promote regional wine awareness, products, wine tourism, and communication and
interaction between local wineries.

The Nest is located at 1335 W. Summit Parkway in Kendall Yards.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                           October 16, 2001, Tuesday

DEVELOPING LOCAL SUSTAINABLE FOOD;
 BAYWATCH

BYLINE: Keith Jones

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 532 words


THOSE promoting Welsh food produce, whether it be lamb, beef, cheese, or
anything else, can never afford to rest on their laurels. As the dust settles on
one event, someone somewhere should be beavering away to finalise the next
line-up of promotions.

Lynda James and her boss at Welsh Lamb and Beef Promotions, Don Thomas, are two
such promoters of all that is best in Welsh meat. They have recently been busy
as reported in last week's Country and Farming in helping to stage the launch in
Cardiff of the "Host a Roast" campaign, attended by farming leaders and Assembly
Rural Affairs Minister Carwyn Jones. The brainchild of the Countryside Alliance
it was but yet another stop on the promotion trail.

Congratulations to bodies such as WLBP for utilising such an opportunity.
However, I have always felt that individuals can also play a vital part in
promoting our produce, particularly if they have a producer or catering
association.

One such ambassadress is Montgomeryshire farmer's wife Lavinia Vaughan of Porth
Farm, Caerws. I have sat in her splendidly equipped kitchen, sampling succulent
Welsh lamb or beef with all the trimmings. Lavinia works tirelessly to publicise
Welsh produce and I met her again recently in Cardiff when she addressed an
organic conference.

She referred to the footand-mouth saga and said that a few days before she had
met a prominent local farmer who was very despondent and at 41 years of age, saw
no future in farming for himself or his family.

"I was really down when he told me how he felt. Everything was black and he saw
little future for his type of farming."

Lavinia told the farmer that everyone in the countryside had to work together.
"Within farming we have a variety of skills we can access if we are willing to
contemplate what we can give rather than take away."

Lavinia is associated with Powys Food Futures, an 18-month-old programme to
develop the local food economy in Powys. "Basically, it has involved holding six
workshops for anyone concerned with the local production and distribution of
food. This is where I became involved. From these workshops it was planned to
develop practical projects such as farmers' markets, co-ops etc."

Lavinia said the group had achieved a number of successes including the holding
of farmers' markets at Brecon; progress in promoting the use of local produce at
Llanidloes hospital; developing a community supported farming industry; farming
the Montgomeryshire branch of wholesome food Association; car stickers to
promote local food and developing plans for a local meat plant.

"We have also improved relationships between producers and the Trading Standards
Officers and people in Environment Health."

The group were appointing a fulltime and one part-time marketing officer for a
new promotional body. Some pounds 200,000 from Objective 2, Powys County Council
and the WDA had been raised.

A local sustainable food chain offers a vast range of job opportunities for
locals. "It can also provide an opportunity for young people to return to their
roots and to make a living in adult life."

Keith Jones is an independent public relations practitioner.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 Western Mail and Echo Ltd


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 2016 Fordham Urban Law Journal
                           Fordham Urban Law Journal

                                  March, 2016

                           Fordham Urban Law Journal

                            43 Fordham Urb. L.J. 377

LENGTH: 10698 words

ARTICLE: FINANCING LOCAL FOOD FACTORIES

NAME: Stephen R. Miller *

BIO:


* Associate Professor of Law, University of Idaho College of Law. A.B., Brown
University; M.C.P., University of California, Berkeley; J.D., University of
California, Hastings College of Law. Jennifer Swojkoski provided valuable
research assistance for this article.



HIGHLIGHT: Now they want to grow it on the moon . . ."
"They used to grow food in Kansas

   --Bob Dylan  n1

   "Without funding, the vertical-farm concept will simply disappear into the
government warehouse featured in Raiders of the Lost Ark . . . ."

   --Dickson Despommier  n2

TEXT:
 [*377]  INTRODUCTION

   This Article seeks to provide an argument for how large-scale, or "massive,"
alternative urban agricultures can be successfully financed. The goal here is
not exhaustiveness; indeed, a thorough review of all potential funding sources
could be several times as long and still not cover the basics. Instead, this
Article seeks to change how local food is conceived in terms of financing. This
unusual approach could yield several important benefits. First among them being
that large-scale local food production in urban areas could become more common.

   Part I of this Article explores the reasons why massive alternative urban
agricultures are necessary today: the difficulties associated with feeding a
[*378]  rapidly growing, and rapidly urbanizing, population. Part II explores
one particular massive alternative urban agriculture--the vertical farm.  n3 By
focusing on the vertical farm, the importance of financing, as a critical
component in growing local food, is brought into focus. In Part III, the Article
first explores the example of financing for what is proposed to be the nation's
largest vertical farm, AeroFarms, in Newark, New Jersey, which illustrates how
creative financing can facilitate massive alternative urban agricultures. Part
IV then considers how several types of existing--and potential--financing could
be deployed in a manner modeled on economic development agreements typically
used for factories and other manufacturing uses to advance the cause of local
food. By viewing local food as a finance problem, and in particular a finance
problem similar to that of urban manufacturing, the prospects for significantly
scaling up the production of local food, and perhaps even disrupting
agricultural production as it has been practiced for millennia, begins to take
shape. It provides a way forward for an agriculture that would ultimately be
more economical, more sustainable, and ironically, more urban than any in the
past.

I. THEMAW OF URBANIZED POPULATIONS

   The need to rethink agriculture arises from both tremendous population growth
and rapid urbanization of that population. A brief review of population and
urbanization statistics makes this evident.

   In 1960, world population exceeded three billion for the first time.  n4 In
the next forty years, population doubled, reaching nearly six billion in 2000.
n5 World population is expected to reach nine billion soon after 2040.  n6
Strikingly, 90% of the 2.5 billion persons projected to be added by 2050 will
live in Asia and Africa.  n7 After 2050, world population growth is expected to
taper off with lower global population growth rates expected in the latter part
of the twenty-first century.  n8 In the United States, population is also
expected  [*379]  to grow, with population projected to grow from 319 million in
2014 to 417 million by 2060.  n9 The U.S. population is estimated to reach 400
million just after the mid-century mark of 2050.  n10

   As population has increased, it has also become increasingly urban. In 2007,
the global population was predominantly urban for the first time ever.  n11 That
urbanization landmark capped six decades of rapid urbanization that largely
mirrored world population growth.  n12 In 1950, 70% of the world population
lived in rural settlements, and just 30% lived in urban settlements.  n13 By
2014, 54% of the world's population was urban.  n14 By 2050, global population
is expected to be 34% rural and 66% urban.  n15 In other words, in just one
hundred years, the world's population will go from two-thirds rural to
two-thirds urban. A remarkable transformation without precedent in human
history. At the same time, rural population has grown slowly since 1950, is near
its peak, and is expected to start declining by 2050, especially as Africa and
Asia--where 90% of worldwide rural populations live--begin to urbanize.  n16 In
the U.S., urbanization largely happened during the twentieth century: in 1910,
just 46% of the U.S. population lived in urban areas; by 2010, more than 81% did
so.  n17

   However, as the world's population urbanizes, almost half of the world's
urbanites live in settlements of less than 500,000, while just one in eight live
in the twenty-eight mega cities with more than ten million residents--such as
New York City or Tokyo.  n18 This means that most urbanization is not happening
in centers of administrative or governmental power, but in  [*380]  second- and
third-tier cities that often lack resources to influence urbanization.

   This population growth, and its commensurate urbanization, results in an
equally commensurate growth in the need to feed a growing population and to
deliver food to an urban location. One estimate found that, if existing farming
techniques were used, just meeting the demand of the three billion new people
expected to be added to the planet between 2010 and 2050 would require new
agricultural acreage equal to the size of Brazil.  n19 Further, this new
agricultural acreage would exacerbate already strained resources from existing
agricultural operations.  n20 Several examples serve to illustrate how existing
farming techniques will not be able to meet the growing population demand and,
in addition, are poorly suited to the new geography of predominantly urban life.

   First, existing farming techniques strain water resources. Agriculture,
including irrigation, livestock watering and cleaning, and aquaculture, utilizes
70% of available fresh water globally.  n21 Although water use for agriculture
varies substantially by location--Europe uses just 21% of its water withdrawals
for agriculture while Africa uses 82% for agriculture--the overall trend in
water use is outpacing population growth and fed by agricultural demands.  n22
For instance, global water withdrawal was less than 600 km3/year in 1900 but was
4000 km3/year in 2010, a rise 1.7 times greater than population growth.  n23 In
the U.S., 40% of water withdrawal was used for agriculture in 2005, a number
that also varies dramatically by region.  n24

   Second, farm runoff is the most damaging form of pollution in the world.  n25
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) notes that agricultural runoff is
"the leading source of water quality impacts on surveyed rivers and streams, the
third largest source for lakes, the second largest source of impairments to
wetlands, and a major contributor to contamination of  [*381]  surveyed
estuaries and ground water."  n26 These problems can be local, such as
phosphorus loads in local streams and rivers,  n27 but also national in scope,
such as the large oceanic dead zones that form where large rivers flow into
oceans carrying with them a whole river basin's worth of pesticides and
fertilizers.  n28

   Third, because food is not grown near where it is consumed, greenhouse gas
(GHG) emissions resulting from the transport of food--whether to slaughter, to
market, or as feed--are far in excess of what they would be if food was grown
near where it was consumed.  n29 This is especially true for highly perishable
produce and frozen products that require air transport and refrigeration during
travel.  n30

   Fourth, climate change brings with it a need for resilience in agricultural
production. Existing farming techniques suffer at the behest of extreme storm
events that are on the rise.  n31 In addition, climate change favors crops
[*382]  that are resilient and adaptable to greater change.  n32 Existing
farming techniques have bred such adaptability out of large-scale crops, like
corn or soybeans, which require more interventions in terms of production,
fertilizers, and herbicides to keep these highly-modified crops tenable in
uncertain times.  n33

   Fifth, traditional farming economics are especially difficult now. Most
agricultural production presently occurs on mega-farms, even though the number
of small farms continues to grow. For instance, the 2012 Census of Agriculture
found that 75% of U.S. farms sold less than $ 50,000 in agricultural products
while 57% had sales less than $ 10,000.  n34 For most "farmers," farming
produces less than 25% of household income and 61% worked off-farm to make ends
meet.  n35 On the other hand, some 55% of farmland in the country is held by
just 4% of farms that are over 2000 acres, a fact that illustrates that much of
the farmland, and much of the food produced in the country, is the product of a
few, very large agribusinesses.  n36 The reason for small farmers' difficulties
is not surprising: farming in soil requires the cooperation of weather patterns
that are often anything but cooperative and are increasingly dependent on
artificial conditions--such as irrigation--that face increasing challenges with
climate change.  n37

   For this reason, it is likely that existing farming techniques in soil are
not a long-term sustainable solution to meeting this century's growing, and
urban, food needs in the long term.  n38

    [*383]  II. LOCAL FOOD, FAST BUT SLOW

   Given the scale of urban populations that the twenty-first century must feed,
one of the most ecologically valuable contributions that could be made would be
an alternative to existing agriculture that was large in scale and close to
urban environments. The last few decades have seen a tremendous rise in interest
in local food--a promising sign for the future of food production.
Unfortunately, despite the rise of local food, its growth is not fast enough to
significantly impact the environmental challenges today's agricultural practices
pose, much less feed the staggering growth in population that is coming.

   The rise of local food is remarkable given where it was just several decades
ago. Several surveys indicate that "local food" is something people want, even
if that term is hard to define. A 2013 study of grocery shoppers found that
two-thirds of consumers are interested in purchasing local produce.  n39 The
U.S. Grocery Shopper Trends Survey, conducted by a supermarket industry
association, found that over eighty percent of surveyed shoppers reported
purchasing local foods "occasionally," while nine percent reported purchasing
local foods "whenever possible."  n40 "Freshness" was the most frequent response
for why shoppers purchased local food, while "supporting the local economy" was
the second-most frequent reason given.  n41

   According to a census of agriculture data, in 2012, 7.8% of U.S. farms
marketed foods locally, which the U.S Department of Agriculture (USDA) defines
as conducting either direct-to-consumer or intermediated sales of food for human
consumption.  n42 Direct-to-consumer (DTC) sales have increased to $ 1.2 billion
in 2007 from $ 551 million in 1997.  n43 Seventy percent of these farms used
only DTC marketing channels, which include farmers' markets and community
supported agriculture arrangements, while thirty percent used a combination of
DTC and intermediated channels or only  [*384]  intermediated channels.  n44
Although the number of farms with DTC sales increased by 17%--and sales
increased by 32% between 2002 and 2007--between 2007 and 2012, the number of
farms with direct-to-consumer sales increased 5.5%, with no change in
direct-to-consumer sales, which indicates that there may be a plateauing of the
local food industry.  n45

   The ubiquity of farmers' markets, which the USDA defines as "a multistall
market at which farmer-producers sell agricultural products directly to the
general public at a central or fixed location, particularly fresh fruit and
vegetables (but also meat products, dairy products, and/or grains),"  n46 may be
the most overt sign of local food's new prominence. In 2014, there were 8268
U.S. farmers' markets, up 180% since 2006.  n47 Another fast-growing form of
local food is community-supported agriculture (CSA), which the USDA defines as
an arrangement where "members or 'share-holders' of the farm or garden pledge in
advance to cover the anticipated costs of the farm operation and farmer's
salary," and, in return, "they receive shares in the farm's bounty throughout
the growing season, as well as satisfaction gained from reconnecting to the land
and participating directly in food production."  n48 CSAs have grown from just
two in the mid-1980s to over 3600 by 2009.  n49 In addition to these
direct-to-consumer programs, the 2011-2012 school year saw 38,629 schools
participating in farm-to-school programs.  n50

   The cultural reach of local food is perhaps best evidenced by its evolution
out of these longstanding niche markets and its entry into big box chain stores.
For instance, in 2013, Wal-Mart, the largest food retailer in the world, planned
to increase its share of purchasing local produce in the U.S. to nine percent by
the end of 2015.  n51

   There is no doubt that local food is a success story when considering the
rate of its growth; however, when considered in light of total U.S. food
production, the trend's growth is dwarfed by the overriding dominance of the
non-local food markets. This could be dispiriting, but it should not be.  [*385]
Rather, what local food needs is to reconsider the technologies it uses just as
non-local food is doing. When the major agribusinesses consider the growth of
world population and its urbanization, they see an opportunity for
genetically-modified crops and others products--pesticides, herbicides,
fertilizers, and the like--that will bring them increased business. Local food
needs an alternative narrative, but not just one that shrinks from the
responsibility of feeding the rising population. Local food's answer cannot be a
bit twee, or subsist in a fashion worthy of Portlandia-esque parodies.

   It is especially important for local food to make this leap now precisely
because local food still can, and must, emerge as a greater force for feeding
urban populations. It is a possible dream: a recent study found that, even while
using typical agricultural techniques, the ability for local food to service
urban populations remains surprisingly high.  n52 In the late nineteenth
century, nearly all of the U.S. population could be fed from food grown just
fifty to one hundred miles from a city.  n53 While that had declined over time,
the study found that by 2000, American cities could still feed 80% to 93% of
their population from food grown within a fifty to one hundred mile foodshed
radius.  n54 Larger cities, such as New York and Los Angeles, remain outliers,
as they could only support around 10% of their population within a fifty mile
foodshed radius and 30% to 50% within a one hundred mile foodshed radius.  n55
This indicates that, for most cities--even our major cities--the ability to be
fed locally remains very much a reality.

   What is needed now is a new approach to what it means to grow local food.

III. MASSIVE ALTERNATIVE URBAN AGRICULTURES

   The answer to growing local food lies in what this Article will call massive
alternative urban agricultures. These new technologies are deemed "massive," in
that they intend to increase yields over existing local food production by a
significant scale. These are "alternative" agricultures because, in most cases,
they are seeking to redefine the very act of growing food over how it has been
done for millennia in some marked way. They are "urban" because they all are
intended to be located in or near cities. And they are "agricultures" because,
despite all of their massiveness, alternativeness, and urbanness, these new
techniques ultimately do what agriculture is intended to do: grow food to eat.
Moreover, they intend to do  [*386]  so in the way that local food has come to
expect: organically, without pesticides or herbicides, and in a way that is
delivered to a customer that retains the freshness of a locally grown food
product.

   These new techniques could come in a variety of packages.  n56 This Article
will focus on perhaps one of the most promising, and nascent, of these massive
alternative urban agricultures: the vertical farm.  n57 Focusing on the vertical
farm serves several purposes. First, the vertical farm, if it could be scaled,
would provide enormous environmental benefits independent of the food it would
produce.  n58 Second, the difficulty in implementing vertical farms is likely
similar to other potential massive alternative urban agricultures: its
implementation is hamstrung by operational charges precisely because of the
higher costs associated with an urban environment.  n59 However, as will be
explored in Part IV, the types of changes that hamper the development of
vertical farms on a large scale are bread-and-butter issues commonly addressed
through urban redevelopment financing schemes. As simple as it sounds, applying
those urban financing techniques to massive alternative urban agricultures could
turn nascent food production technologies into common parts of urban life. This
Part first reviews the potential environmental advantages of vertical farms as
an example of the kinds of benefits that could be derived from local food's turn
to massive alternative urban agricultures.

   The vertical farm's most notable current proponent has been Columbia emeritus
professor Dickson Despommier.  n60 However, the technology on which the vertical
farm relies--hydroponics--dates from the early twentieth century. In 1937, a
researcher at the University of California, Davis,  [*387]  developed
hydroponics to germinate seeds and sprout roots before being transplanted into
soil.  n61 The technique had early relevance; in World War II, hydroponic
facilities were established on several islands to feed soldiers in the Pacific
Theater, ultimately producing as much as eight thousand tons of fresh vegetables
for Allied troops.  n62 Despommier describes the science of hydroponics as
follows:


     Setting up a hydroponic facility is largely constrained by the kind of
     crop one wants to produce. The configuration is determined by the root
     system of the plant. The liquid portion of the operation is pumped
     slowly through a specially constructed pipe . . . . Once the piping is
     set up, nutrients are dissolved into the water phase and circulated
     through the piping, all the while being electronically monitored for
     concentrations of each element and organic nitrogen. The result is
     uniform plant growth under optimal conditions.  n63

   Vertical farms can also utilize aeroponics, a technique invented in 1982 that
Despommier describes as follows: "Small nozzles located under the plants spray a
nutrient-laden mist onto the roots, supplying them with everything they need. It
is so conservative with respect to water use that it consumes about 70[%] less
water than hydroponics . . . ."  n64 In the vertical farm, arrays of plants are
stacked on top of each other with either the hydroponic or aeroponic systems
deployed to service the roots of the plants.  n65 The amount of stacking
possible is, potentially, only constrained by the height of the ceiling or,
alternatively, the number of floors in the vertical farm that could each hold
multiple stacks of crops. In this way, many sketches of virtual farms have
fantasized them as veritable skyscrapers of vegetables. In truth, such
skyscrapers are likely all but impossible to fund given the tremendous cost of
buildings that are tens of stories tall. Rather, vertical farms are more likely
to exist in former industrial spaces where land is cheap and high ceilings
permit multiple stackings of crops without the need to build extra floors. As
for the final ingredient necessary for vertical farms, it is the all-important
light needed for plant growth. It could come from the sun, but it may also come
from artificial light.

   Among the advantages of the vertical farm are the following:


     . Year-round crop production, which permits vertical farms to reap
     multiple crops per year;  n66

      [*388]  . No weather-related crop failures, which makes agricultural
     production impervious to weather patterns regardless of whether those
     arise from existing conditions like flooding, drought, hail or early
     freezes, or the increasingly extreme conditions soon to arise from
     climate change;  n67

     . No agricultural runoff, a significant environmental benefit since
     agricultural nonpoint source pollution dramatically affects water
     quality in rivers, lakes, wetlands, and groundwater;  n68

     . Allowance for ecosystem restoration, since reduction in
     agriculture's footprint on rural landscapes would permit use of that
     same land for conservation purposes;  n69

     . No use of pesticides, herbicides, or fertilizers, since building
     design would assist with pest reduction, while contamination by heavy
     metals would be non-existent;  n70

     . Use of seventy to ninety-five percent less water, as hydroponic or
     aeroponic growing techniques dramatically reduce water needed for
     farming in soil;  n71

     . Greatly reduced food miles traveled, which, as noted previously,
     would be especially true for highly perishable produce and frozen
     products that require air transport and refrigeration during travel;
     n72 and

     . May also include more control of food safety and security,  n73 new
     employment opportunities,  n74 purification of greywater to drinking
     water,  n75 and the production of animal feed from postharvest plant
     material.  n76

   Despite all of the valuable contributions that vertical farms could offer,
their evolution and deployment is hampered primarily by cost. For vertical farms
to be deployed on a large scale in a way that could yield optimal benefits, they
would need to become "cheap to build, modular, durable, easily maintained, and
safe to operate."  n77 Moreover, they would also need to address the fact that
land values in urban areas are high, as one reason  [*389]  farms are not in the
urban core is price.  n78 Overcoming that location barrier arising from the cost
of urban land values remains an important hurdle.

   Right now, with few vertical farms in the world,  n79 the concept remains
mostly a vision rather than a reality. However, this does not mean that vertical
farms are a lark; what it does mean is that they need a funding mechanism that
can assist them in growing from the idea stage to mass implementation to
disruptive force that changes the nature of agricultural production. As
Despommier noted in The Vertical Farm, "I think the real issue regarding the
invention of vertical farming is, who will pay for the first ones?"  n80 The
answer to funding this highly inventive approach to farming may lie in the most
mundane of places: the types of financing typically deployed in local economic
development agreements. Despommier himself considered precisely this approach in
an off-handed manner:


     City, state, and federal governments are prone to encouraging the
     development of new areas of commerce by, for example, underwriting the
     building of a new sports arena or entertainment center, creating an
     industrial park by offering long-term favorable tax incentives, or
     donating city properties for mixed-income housing developments. These
     'sweetheart' deals make it nearly impossible to turn one down if the
     right partners are involved.  n81

   Despite noting the possibility of using traditional economic development
agreements as a strategy, Despommier did not pursue it in The Vertical Farm.
Instead, he ultimately proposed a model more akin to the federal research
institutes--like the National Institutes of Health--that provide money to other
universities, states, and agencies to conduct research.

   This Article contends that Despommier, and others, should not be so quick to
write-off the role of local economic development strategies in overcoming the
types of financing problems that face massive alternative urban agricultures,
such as the vertical farm. Moreover, the employment of these strategies to local
food may not be as crazy as it seems at first. Increasingly, there is
recognition--if not always the political will--that investing in infrastructure
that reduces long-term costs for governments is worthy of upfront financing.
n82 Local food might well be considered a type of  [*390]  infrastructure that
could reap significant public health benefits for urban cities as well as
environmental benefits in rural areas. Indeed, a recent deal to finance the
largest vertical farm in the United States in Newark, New Jersey,  n83
illustrates that it is precisely this kind of financing that is most likely to
take vertical farming, and other massive alternative urban agricultures, off the
drawing boards and into our cities. The promise of local food may ultimately
rest in thinking of it, for financing purposes, as if it were a factory.

IV. FINANCING LOCAL FOOD FACTORIES

   There are certainly many funding sources for local food;  n84 most, however,
focus on the types of local food production that cannot scale production
quickly, such as farmers' markets and regional food hubs. The scarcity of
vertical farms makes evident how cost has kept at bay one of the better ideas
for growing local food. A July 2013 review of existing vertical farms listed
just six around the world--with two located in Chicago and one each in Canada,
Singapore, Japan, and South Korea.  n85

   The 2015 deal to finance a vertical farm in Newark, New Jersey, may indicate
that times are changing. It may also indicate a growing willingness to consider
the financing of massive alternative urban agricultures using the kinds of
financing that local governments have used to finance factories and to lure
businesses for decades.

   AeroFarms, which also does business as Just Greens, LLC, entered into a $ 39
million public-private partnership to build a 69,000 square foot indoor vertical
farm and global headquarters in a converted steel factory located in the
environmentally and economically distressed area of Newark known as the
Ironbound District.  n86 When it opens in late 2015, AeroFarms expects up
[*391]  to thirty harvests a year, yielding a staggering two million pounds of
greens, including kale, arugula and romaine lettuce,  n87 illustrative of the
power of the vertical farm.

   Of greater significance for the future of vertical farms, AeroFarms financed
the project the way local economic development teams often think of recruiting a
factory.

   First, there were the tax breaks and the funding assistance. The project
received significant public benefits valued at $ 9 million, which included a $
500,000 allocation of Community Development Block Grant funding from the City of
Newark.  n88 AeroFarms also received $ 2.2 million from New Jersey's Economic
Redevelopment and Growth program and $ 6.5 million in Grow New Jersey tax
credits from the New Jersey Economic Development Authority.  n89 In addition,
the project received a New Markets Tax Credit allocation from Goldman Sachs,
United Fund Advisors, and Dudley Ventures.  n90 The project also received over $
30 million of financing from Goldman Sachs and Prudential Financial.  n91 This
type of funding--bundling together a variety of federal, state, and local
incentives--is typical for  [*392]  economic development efforts to lure
manufacturing;  n92 it may be singular in its use to fund production of local
food. It points a path forward, especially in that the deal did not end there.
Instead, the deal contains many of the other components typical of multi-party
negotiations that often involve public agencies, private corporations, labor,
and neighborhood group interests.

   Second, AeroFarms also partnered with a community group, the Ironbound
Community Corporation, to create a recruiting and job training program targeting
local residents for both skilled and non-skilled roles.  n93 Local food
advocates may not think to align themselves with such a group or to seek out a
labor partner, but in the world of financing major projects, it comes with the
territory of bringing together diverse interests.

   Third, the area where the AeroFarms vertical farm is proposed, the Ironbound
District, has been noted by the EPA to have once been the site of many
manufacturing operations that have closed, "leaving behind contaminated sites
and deteriorating infrastructure."  n94 The EPA continues saying, "[t]he area is
economically distressed with the poverty rate as high as 55[%] . . . [and]
contains more than 100 brownfields."  n95 Still, AeroFarms is confident the
vertical farm can grow food safely here precisely because growing food in a
vertical farm has nothing to do with the soil--all of the growth will occur
aeroponically above ground--and the water supply will come from pipes rather
than wells.  n96 By proposing to grow millions of pounds of leafy greens in an
area of brownfields, AeroFarms provides a clear example of how the technology
for producing local food can change agriculture. There is no way that
conventional local food production, based in soil, could ever be located
anywhere near this site. However, such brownfield sites provide a valuable
resource; by moving the food production out of the ground, vertical farms permit
food to be grown locally on urban land that happens to have an important, seldom
found trait: it is cheap.

   These three parts of the AeroFarms deal are indicative of how a technology of
local food--vertical farms--can pair with tools of local economic development to
produce novel results. Economic development has long had a bad reputation for
"smokestack chasing," a derogative term that elicits efforts to "steal" a
business from another location with the offer  [*393]  of incentives.  n97
Economic development agreements often involve federal and state money, but
typically, it is local governments and other local agencies, such as
redevelopment agencies, that provide much of the funding.  n98 The subsidies
granted yearly are staggering: a 2012 New York Times analysis found that local
governments typically give over $ 80 billion a year in subsidies to
corporations.  n99

   Several recent deals, all closed in 2014 or 2015, are indicative of the
largesse that cities are using to win the siting of major corporations.
Cincinnati, Ohio, offered General Electric incentives that could be worth more
than $ 51 million in job-creation tax credits if the company creates 1400 jobs.
n100 Chattanooga, Tennessee, had a successful bid for a Volkswagen facility that
was aided by a $ 166 million grant from the State of Tennessee for costs
associated with development and infrastructure of the new facility, as well as a
$ 12 million grant from the State for employee training.  n101 The rural Chester
County, South Carolina, lured Giti Tire, the tenth-largest tire company in the
world, with a $ 38 million grant from the State of South Carolina, as well as
job-development tax credits.  n102 In perhaps the biggest economic development
deal in recent memory, Reno, Nevada, became the site of Tesla's new battery
factory with the assistance of $ 1.1 billion in sales tax and real and personal
property tax abatements from the State of Nevada, $ 195 million in transferable
tax credits, and the State's decision to permit Tesla to sell directly to Nevada
residents--something coveted by Tesla, which has long sought to sell directly to
consumers.  n103

   While these large deals all involve manufacturing, agriculture is the
second-largest sector of the economy to receive these local subsidies.  n104
Considered in that light, the AeroFarms deal is not so unusual: agricultural
projects receiving subsidies are nothing new. What is new, though, is that the
type of subsidies the AeroFarms deal received are far more typical of the deals
received by urban manufacturing facilities. Perhaps that should be the case for
massive alternative urban agricultures. Perhaps they should be  [*394]  funded
similar to other traditional urban uses--like manufacturing. Perhaps, as well,
the urbanization of these alternative agricultures should also affect the way
agriculture is subsidized. And perhaps these new alternative agricultures could
redefine other funding sources.

   At its core, "economic development" is nothing more than a collection of
legal and policy tools that can be deployed for any purpose. If tools like tax
abatements and tax increment financing can be used to lure factories to town,
why should they not equally be used to lure producers of locally grown
freshleafy vegetables? The only reason is because there has not been an
incentive to use those tools to benefit the industries associated with massive
alternative urban agricultures.

   That trend is now changing. There are several ways that economic development
tools can be used to assist the growth of massive alternative urban
agricultures, with a particular focus on the vertical farm as an example.

   Perhaps the most common form of subsidy involves taxes, which could arise
from the federal, state, or local governments. On the federal level, the
AeroFarms deal involved New Markets Tax Credits, a type of transferable tax
credit offered for placing development in low income communities.  n105 State
credits often involve tax incentives for placing investments in low income areas
and providing jobs, in addition to the pure incentives of tax abatements on
otherwise applicable real or personal property.  n106 Local governments may also
grant tax breaks; for instance, Baltimore has instituted a tax credit precisely
to benefit urban farms.  n107

   Other sources of federal money that is distributed by local governments could
be applicable. For instance, the AeroFarms deal involved Community Development
Block Grant funding, which is given to local governments from the federal
government to then facilitate projects.  n108

   Another form of subsidy involves assistance with the development process.
This subsidy includes land assembly as well as assistance with the entitlement
process. Some cities, like Denver, Colorado, have pre-zoned massive alternative
urban agricultures, such as aquaponics--the raising of farmed fish or other
seafood in tanks and using the waste byproducts to fertilize farming operations,
which are often hydroponic--likely with the  [*395]  goal of eliminating the
uncertainty that can arise in the entitlement process.  n109 Doing so
effectively means aligning the comprehensive plan, zoning code, and building
codes to ensure that urban agricultures have less administrative burdens in
moving into an urban area while also ensuring that local communities are
protected from the industrial-style externalities that arise with any large
agricultural production facility. This type of assistance could also prove
especially valuable for cities because they could target certain areas in need
of redevelopment for this special type of pre-zoning, which would have the
effect of directing development to those parts of the city that need it most.

   Local governments also routinely use the redevelopment, or urban renewal
process, to assist projects in ways that could be beneficial to massive
alternative urban agricultures. This assistance has historically included two
important tools that can be used in redevelopment areas: the ability to condemn
land through eminent domain and the ability to bond against projected, future
tax revenues, which is called tax increment financing (TIF).  n110 Parcel
assembly can be a major issue in urban areas and is often one of the most sought
out public contributions to redevelopment of an area; to the extent that massive
alternative urban agricultures would need assistance here, cities could
seemingly provide this same service that it employs on the behalf of other
industries.  n111 Arguably of greater assistance to massive alternative urban
agricultures would be access to TIF, which has proven a valuable source of
upfront funding to any number of development projects since it was first
developed in California in the 1950s.  n112 Tax increment financing permits a
local government to bond upfront on the basis of projected tax revenues that the
redevelopment of a blighted or deteriorated area would generate.  n113 With that
upfront capital, local governments often provide necessary infrastructure to
facilitate projects.  n114 Here again, this  [*396]  developers' tool could be
used for massive alternative urban agricultures. Since these funds are typically
available only in areas where there is need for economic development, deployment
of TIF to assist these massive alternative urban agricultures would likely help
to place them within often economically and environmentally challenged areas.
n115 These are many of the same areas that often have "food deserts," or the
need for better access to fresh produce and other healthy foods.  n116 It could
be that conditions associated with the use of TIF for a massive alternative
urban agriculture could require that the service also have a community-facing
component to the operation. That could be educational, a store that sells to
locals in that area for reduced prices, or some other approach that has a
benefit to the community.

   Assistance with redeveloping brownfields is also a common tool governments
provide.  n117 As the AeroFarms deal makes clear, vertical farms--and other
types of alternative agricultures that can occur above ground--provide exciting
ways to potentially revitalize environmentally contaminated brownfield sites.
For these reasons, massive alternative urban agricultures like vertical
farms--which do not utilize soil--could prove remarkable re-uses of spaces that
otherwise have difficulty being repurposed. The potential reuse would depend, of
course, on the nature of the contamination and whether it might still have the
ability to affect the food grown under alternative measures, such as vertical
farming, but there could be a substantial coalescence between brownfield
redevelopment and vertical farms.

   Land assessment policies are another means of assisting vertical farms and
alternative agricultures. Most land is assessed for corporate purposes under the
policy of "highest and best use."  n118 Many states have long offered tax
exemptions for traditional agricultural uses where farmers agree to keep land in
agricultural production and the local government then assesses the property at
agricultural values rather than highest and best use, which is often  [*397]
non-agricultural use in urban areas.  n119 Permitting these agricultural
valuations in land assessment within urban areas could be especially important
in ensuring that urban agricultural production does not receive unequal
treatment as compared with traditional rural agriculture.

   If massive alternative urban agricultures were taken seriously, other
economic development supports offered to rural farmers should also be revised to
level the playing field of subsidies offered to conventional soil-based farming.
For instance, the Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS), a sub-agency of
the USDA, is the primary agency through which conservation on agricultural lands
is funded.  n120 Through a variety of conservation and agricultural easements
and conservation contracts, the NRCS allocates millions of dollars each year to
pay soil-based farmers to engage in farming practices that lessen the
environmental impact on the land.  n121 Since vertical farms would have a
similar effect of lessening the environmental harms of farming, it is plausible
that they, too, should receive some subsidies similar to those of soil-based
farmers. Because the urban agriculture is not associated with a particular piece
of land on which soil-based agriculture would otherwise occur, the nature of the
conservation funding accorded to urban agricultures would need to have some "but
for" component: but for this urban agriculture, a certain amount of soil-based
farming would otherwise need to occur. The specifics of such an approach are
beyond the scope of this Article, but merit further investigation--especially in
light of the significant environmental benefits that are provided by urban
agricultures like vertical farming.

Vertical farms might also be ripe for new applications of existing financing
mechanisms in the private sector, such as real estate investment trusts (REITs)
and other forms of securitization. Other aspects of soil-based farming have
already experienced success in utilizing these structures.  n122 For instance,
many wineries have found a REIT structure valuable.  n123 In that  [*398]
model, the wineries sell their land to the REIT, then lease back the land from
the REIT.  n124 Next, the REIT assists the wineries with upfront costs
associated with purchase and replacement of machinery, something that many
wineries find difficult to otherwise finance.  n125 The REIT then securitizes
the interests in the wineries and the annual rents derived therefrom to
investors that act as shareholders in the REIT's interests, rather than any one
individual winery.  n126 The structure could prove equally valuable for vertical
farms, which have high upfront costs--especially early on before the technology
becomes cheaper--but which are likely to have steady income streams derived from
the sale of crops. Indeed, vertical farms would seem especially appropriate for
this kind of investment because their crops are not susceptible to the vagaries
of weather that make traditional agriculture a bad bet for this kind of
approach, and thus, they should have a more certain income stream. Those income
streams may vary depending upon the crop, but investors could make their choice
to invest based upon specific crops and their expected returns.

   Another alternative financing mechanism could be the social impact bond.
n127 In these financial instruments, a private investor provides upfront capital
for a city to make social investments for which there is increasingly little
capital available but where implementation of the investment is almost certain
to have long-term social, and economic, investments for the city.  n128 The city
pays back the bond over time through the savings that the city otherwise would
have spent on dealing with the long-term problems that would otherwise have
occurred but for the upfront investment.  n129 A classic case for a social
impact bond is pre-school, which has shown to have dramatic long-term results
for cities' bottom lines, such as lower incarceration rates, but for which
upfront funding can be hard to find.  n130 Similarly, vertical farms and other
massive alternative urban agricultures would seem to be ripe for this kind of
financing. Healthier diets are known to lead to better long-term health
outcomes; however, it can be difficult to get healthy food into poor
neighborhoods and it can be even more difficult  [*399]  to change the habits of
middle class and wealthy residents who prefer less healthy diets.  n131
Providing upfront financing to urban agricultures that could radically influence
diets in a city is almost certain to provide long-term public health benefits
that the city could bank on today.

   Cities might also consider owning the buildings for the first of the vertical
farms or other massive alternative urban agricultures. In such a case, the
cities could contemplate a rent structure that would permit the vertical farm to
pay a lower rent at the time when the vertical farm was just beginning but where
the vertical farm would pay more as it became a greater success. One such
approach typically employed in retail development--and also in the leasing of
some public facilities to private entities--is to charge a total rent that is
composed of a base rent plus a percentage rent that varies based on the sales.
n132 This simple structure has a long history of encouraging growth of new
businesses while also rewarding the landlord, or another funder, as the business
becomes prosperous.  n133 Surely there are other rent structures that could be
deployed. The goal of mentioning this structure here is simply to indicate that
there are a number of ways that even existing rent structures commonly used
could be utilized to unlock the potential of vertical farms.

   Cities also have varied concerns beyond simply ensuring the success of
business. Among those are the vitality of their neighborhoods and ensuring jobs
for their citizens--especially those most vulnerable and least-skilled. While
AeroFarms is located on the site of an old steel refinery, and in an area with
over one hundred brownfield sites, it is also next door to a newer community
center that pre-dated the AeroFarms investment. In addition, its developer plans
to make AeroFarms the centerpiece of a "Makers Village."  n134 While the
developer does not define that concept, the general notion of using a vertical
farm, or some other type of massive alternative urban agriculture, as part of a
community-defining amenity for a  [*400]  neighborhood could be especially
attractive to a city. This could be so even if the primary purpose of the
vertical farm was not necessarily to feed the neighborhood per se; rather, a
large vertical farm with a goal of servicing a fifty-mile radius, for instance,
could still have a neighborhood-facing component to the project that could
invite the neighborhood in for lessons on sustainability, educational programs
on the future of agriculture, or even prove a testing ground for novel public
health trials like "all you can eat" leafy green vegetables for the neighborhood
subsidized by the city.

   Such neighborhood-facing components of vertical farms could also play an
important role in helping to "naturalize" the technologies of massive
alternative urban agricultures, which make them accessible to people and
eliminate the fear of their novelty. This is important because, right now, those
who are attuned to local food can sometimes be beholden to a nostalgia-laden,
back-to-the-land ethic.  n135 Ironically, it is twenty-first century
technological advances in urban farming that could eliminate the need for many
of the environmentally-harmful, rural, agricultural technologies of the
twentieth century. Convincing people to put their faith in vegetables grown in a
bed of water--or under sprayers--that are stacked thirty feet off the ground may
take time to catch on. Granting access to the technology, and making it
familiar, would go a long way toward making this next step in food cultivation
feel less foreign.

   Private developers could even imagine sponsoring such a vertical farm for a
private development. Both public and private development often use an amenity
that either breaks even, or possibly loses value, for purposes of bringing
higher values to adjacent properties.  n136 It could be that vertical farms and
other massive alternative urban agricultures, coupled with a community-facing
component to their projects, could provide just such a boost to adjacent
property values even if they themselves produce only a modest return.

   The workforce component of these projects could also be of value to cities.
Just as the AeroFarms project pairs with a local community development
corporation to assist in worker training from a local  [*401]  impoverished
community,  n137 so too could cities that invest in massive alternative urban
agricultures similarly demand such worker training in response to public
investment, as well as minimum job commitments or the terms of those jobs, such
as whether the jobs offer full-time employment or benefits.

   Another way that costs could be kept low would be through efforts to
commodify the vertical farm technology itself, or if patented, it could be
leased to cities or non-profits at a low cost for deployment to feed low-income
communities. Commodification and modularization of the structures would assist
in making them quickly and easily deployable.

   Finally, the last several decades have seen the rise of compensation systems
that pay those who act in environmentally responsible ways. For instance, in
California's emerging cap-and-trade system, those entities that act as "carbon
sinks," like private forests that own old growth forests, can sell GHG emissions
credits to emitters.  n138 If vertical farms and other massive alternative urban
agricultures are able to reap the results they promise, they should also be
rewarded accordingly. One approach could be GHG emissions credits, or "offsets,"
on cap-and-trade markets, which would potentially pay vertical farms for the GHG
emissions they did not incur compared to regular farming methods. The ability to
actually calculate these credits is still a work in progress; however, keeping
this open as a potential funding source is important.

   Similarly, there may be a way to pay the vertical farms for the environmental
harm they are avoiding by not farming in soil. There are at least two parts to
this: the presumptive land not used for cultivation and the runoff of phosphorus
and other nutrients that occur in herbicides and pesticides not used. There is
no existing market for this kind of compensation, but seemingly a trading system
could be started. For instance, the sulphur dioxide (SO2) credit market, which
requires power plants that burn coal to pay for the right to pollute SO2, has
had the effect of reducing the amount of SO2 emissions and also incorporating
into the cost of coal its SO2 content.  n139 If massive alternative urban
agricultures evolved further, they should be considered for such a scheme that
would reward them for not  [*402]  causing the types of environmental
degradations that are among the hardest for this country to treat.

CONCLUSION

   It may be that the future of local food is less Wendell Berry and more
Silicon Valley; in other words, large-scale adoption of local food will require
massive alternative urban agricultures that a land ethic-based approach to
farming will never fulfill. Local food has often been adverse to technologies in
food, as it has typically meant genetically modified foods and other means of
taking "naturalness" out of Nature. A new approach is needed, one that embraces
technologies like vertical farms, that can provide organic, non-GMO foods grown
without pesticides or herbicides on a large scale available to all. Moreover,
given population change, the future of local food will need to occur at a scale
that current approaches to local food are unlikely to generate.

   As this Article has shown, the major impediment holding back the large-scale
technologies of local food is not the availability of technology but the
financing.  n140 The inventions necessary are not so much related to
agriculture, but how we fund new approaches to agriculture. We should not expect
that the funding for such new forms of agriculture will come from those sources
that currently support existing agricultures, such as federal subsidy programs
to farmers. But they can come from other, unlikely sources, especially once it
is recognized that financing massive alternative urban agricultures share many
traits of financing urban manufacturing. All of the reasons that apply to the
imperative to subsidize urban manufacturing--jobs, community benefits,
redevelopment of abandoned areas, etc.--also apply to subsidizing massive
alternative urban agricultures.

   Initially, some may criticize subsidization of massive alternative urban
agricultures as if they were factories. Some may question the return on
investment, which would likely be lower than some other industries. Some may
question supporting a business that, at this time, is not self-sufficient. Those
are all legitimate concerns because there is real risk in providing economic
development assistance to new businesses. But at the same time, the risk is the
point: local governments routinely invest in nascent industries with the hope
that those industries will bloom, and with their growth, new businesses will
come to the city.  n141 Indeed, economic development subsidies are most suspect
when they invest in businesses that have no risk because  [*403]  the subsidy
serves no market or community purpose: a business that would succeed without the
subsidy categorically does not need it.

   The goal of public and private investment in risk-laden endeavors is either
the prospect of short-term high returns, as is typical with private investments,
or long-term public benefits, as is typical of public investments. Massive
alternative urban agricultures potentially provide both types of benefits. For
private investors, the first few vertical farms will undoubtedly be
extraordinarily expensive compared to soil-based farming; however, private
investors will inevitably hope that commoditization of the technology will drive
costs down, yields up, and return future profits. For public investors, massive
alternative urban agricultures are an economic risk, but one they cannot afford
not to take with population change. Further, cities gain significant public
health benefits from healthier eating. The effects on how a city is perceived
when it invests in massive alternative urban agriculture provides a reputational
advantage that can lead to other industries seeking out that location.

   In essence, these investments in local food have much in common with the
theory of "disruptive innovation" that is popular in technological circles. It
may be that massive alternative urban agricultures can take inspiration from the
so-called "disruption" theory of Clayton Christensen, who noted that disruptive
technologies, which often appear to be poor or eccentric versions of products
that are now dominated by another market participant, can ultimately
replace--not just compete with--existing technologies by being simpler, cheaper,
more reliable, and convenient.  n142 Whether local food can meet these mandates
of disruption theory, the use of technologies like vertical farming have the
real possibility to redefine local food and food overall. The future of food can
be healthy and abundant, even urban. What it needs now is a finance that
believes equally in the dream.

   Imagine what $ 80 billion a year in subsidies--or just a fraction
thereof--could do to turn massive alternative urban agricultures into the
mainstream of food production.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodGeneral OverviewReal Property LawWater
RightsGroundwaterTrademark LawLikelihood of ConfusionNoncompeting
ProductsParodies & Satires

FOOTNOTES:





n1  BOB DYLAN, Union Sundown, on INFIDELS (Sony Music Entertainment 1983).





n2  DICKSON DESPOMMIER, THE VERTICAL FARM 257 (Thomas Dunne Books 2010).





n3  See Cities of the Future May Eat Plants Grown in the Air, BLOOMBERG BUS.
(Nov. 20, 2014, 10:27pm),
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/videos/2014-11-21/cities-of-thefuture-may-eat-plan
ts-grown-in-air [http://perma.cc/9EBT-TZTT], for a video tour to help visualize
a vertical farm.





n4  International Data Base: World Population: 1950-2050, U.S. CENSUS BUREAU,
https://www.census.gov/population/international/data/idb/worldpopgraph.php
[http://perma.cc/AEA3-VUUZ].





n5  Id.





n6  Id.





n7  U.N. DEP'T OF ECON. & SOC. AFFAIRS, WORLD URBANIZATION PROSPECTS: THE 2014
REVISION 7 (2014) [hereinafter WORLD URBANIZATION PROSPECTS],
http://esa.un.org/unpd/wup/Highlights/WUP2014-Highlights.pdf
[http://perma.cc/2YZPBFYZ].





n8  See International Data Base: World Population Growth Rates: 1950-2050, U.S.
CENSUS BUREAU,
https://www.census.gov/population/international/data/idb/worldgrgraph.php
[http://perma.cc/TC4C-LJ8D].





n9  SANDRA L. COLBY & JENNIFER M. ORTMAN, U.S. CENSUS BUREAU, PROJECTIONS OF THE
SIZE AND COMPOSITION OF THE U.S. POPULATION: 2014 TO 2060, at 1 (2015),
http://www.census.gov/content/dam/Census/library/publications/2015/demo/p25-1143
.pdf [http://perma.cc/CH3U-5F4F].





n10  Id.





n11  See WORLD URBANIZATION PROSPECTS, supra note 7, at 7.





n12  See id.





n13  Id.





n14  Id.





n15  Id.





n16  Id. at 1.





n17  See Table 1. Urban and Rural Population: 1900 to 1990, U.S. CENSUS BUREAU
(Oct. 1995), http://www.census.gov/population/censusdata/urpop0090.txt
[http://perma.cc/3LRVNSVA]; see, e.g., THEODORE ROOSEVELT, REPORT OF THE COUNTRY
LIFE COMM'N, S. DOC. NO. 705, at 9 (2d Sess. 1909) (noting that the country had
become more urban than rural, which he viewed warily, stating: "I warn my
countrymen that the great recent progress made in city life is not a full
measure of our civilization; for our civilization rests at bottom on the
wholesomeness, the attractiveness, and the completeness, as well as the
prosperity, of life in the country.").





n18  WORLD URBANIZATION PROSPECTS, supra note 7, at 1.





n19  See DESPOMMIER, supra note 2, at 95-96.





n20  Id.





n21  See DESPOMMIER, supra note 2, at 95; see also FAO, Did You Know...? Facts
and Figures About: Water Withdrawal and Pressure on Water Resources, AQUASTAT
(2016) [hereinafter Water Withdrawal],
http://www.fao.org/nr/water/aquastat/didyouknow/index2.stm
[http://perma.cc/C478-RNQF].





n22  See Water Withdrawal, supra note 21.





n23  See id.





n24  See Agricultural Water Withdrawal as % of Total Water Withdrawal, AQUASTAT,
http://www.fao.org/nr/water/aquastat/data/glossary/search.html (select "Term"
drop-down list; then select "Agricultural water withdrawal as % of total water
withdrawal;" after search, click "view data for this variable . . .")
[http://perma.cc/XL3Y-9LVE].





n25  See DESPOMMIER, supra note 2, at 95.





n26  Nonpoint Source: Agriculture, EPA,
http://www.epa.gov/polluted-runoff-nonpointsource-pollution/nonpoint-source-agri
culture [http://perma.cc/HJ8X-PTBZ] (last updated Oct. 31, 2015).





n27  See CADMUS GRP., TOTAL MAXIMUM DAILY LOAD (TMDL) FOR PHOSPHORUS IN
CHAUTAUQUA LAKE 4, 17 (2012),
http://www.dec.ny.gov/docs/water_pdf/tmdlchautlk12.pdf
[https://perma.cc/MKH3-B4M3]. For example, local agricultural runoff often
creates problems with phosphorus loads in rivers, which can cause downstream
cities to exceed their Total Maximum Daily Load (TMDL) requirements under the
Clean Water Act. See Implementing Clean Water Act Section 303(d): Impaired
Waters and Total Maximum Daily Loads (TMDLs), EPA,
http://water.epa.gov/lawsregs/lawsguidance/cwa/tmdl/ [http://perma.cc/965Q-F9ZE]
(last updated Dec. 3, 2015), for a discussion of TMDLs. As a result,
agricultural runoff can have more than just an environmental effect; it can also
potentially lead to costly treatment requirements for urban areas. See, e.g.,
City Proposing to Move Forward with Innovative Dixie Drain Project Pending
Approvals, BOISE PUB.WORKS DEP'T (July 3, 2014),
http://publicworks.cityofboise.org/news-releases/2014/07/cityproposing-to-move-f
orward-with-innovative-dixie-drain-project-pending-approvals/
[http://perma.cc/3HHA-EYL8].





n28  See DESPOMMIER, supra note 2, at 33-34. See generally Hypoxia 101, EPA,
http://www.epa.gov/ms-htf/hypoxia-101 [http://perma.cc/YX6V-HPE6] (last updated
Jan. 8, 2016).





n29  See Christopher L. Weber & H. Scott Matthews, Food-Miles and the Relative
Climate Impacts of Food Choices in the United States, 42 ENVTL. SCI. TECH. 3508,
3510 (2008) (providing a graph for the total greenhouse gas emissions associated
with household food consumption in the U.S.).





n30  See DESPOMMIER, supra note 2, at 167-68, 244; Nathan Pelletier et al.,
Energy Intensity of Agriculture and Food Systems, 36 ANN. REV. ENVTL. RES. 223,
226 (2011); Andrew Zumkehr & J. Elliott Campbell, The Potential for Local
Croplands to Meet U.S. Food Demand, 13 FRONTIERS IN ECOLOGY 244, 244 (2015).





n31  Agriculture and Food Supply: Climate Impacts on Agriculture and Food Supply
, EPA, http://www.epa.gov/climatechange/impacts-adaptation/agriculture.html
[http://perma.cc/M4CE-YT8J] ("Changes in the frequency and severity of droughts
and floods could pose challenges for farmers and ranchers. Meanwhile, warmer
water temperatures are likely to cause the habitat ranges of many fish and
shellfish species to shift, which could disrupt ecosystems. Overall, climate
change could make it more difficult to grow crops, raise animals, and catch fish
in the same ways and same places as we have done in the past. The effects of
climate change also need to be considered along with other evolving factors that
affect agricultural production, such as changes in farming practices and
technology.").





n32  DESPOMMIER, supra note 2, at 108.





n33  See Scott Malcolm et al., Adaptation Can Help U.S. Crop Producers Confront
Climate Change, ECON. RES. SERV., USDA (Feb. 21, 2013),
http://www.ers.usda.gov/amberwaves/2013-february/adaptation-can-help-us-crop-pro
ducers-confront-climatechange.aspx#.VfRqaRFVhBc [http://perma.cc/46JT-3LUQ]
("Adaptive behaviors such as adjusting crop choices and production practices may
help mitigate the negative effects of climate change and enable some producers
to capitalize on new opportunities. Future developments in technology and policy
are also likely to contribute to adaptive capacity.").





n34  2012 Census Highlights: Farm Demographics - U.S. Farmers by Gender, Age,
Race, Ethnicity, and More, USDA CENSUS OF AGRIC. (May 2014),
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2012/Online_Resources/Highlights/Farm_
Demographics/ [http://perma.cc/2USG-LFB8].





n35  Id.





n36  See Farms and Farmland: Numbers, Acreage, Ownership, and Use, USDA CENSUS
OF AGRIC. (Sept. 2014),
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2012/Online_Resources/Highlights/Farms
_and_Farmland/Highlights_Farms_and_Farmland.pdf [http://perma.cc/CW54-BVPQ].





n37  See DESPOMMIER, supra note 2, at 70 (noting that "nature is never wholly
predictable, that it often poses threats to our very existence, and, above all,
that it can never be fully understood.").





n38  Id. at 137.





n39  See RICH PIROG ET AL., MSU CTR. FOR REG'L FOOD SYS., THE LOCAL FOOD
MOVEMENT: SETTING THE STAGE FOR GOOD FOOD 8 (May 14, 2014),
http://nyscaa.wildapricot.org/Resources/BestPracticesBlog/Local%20Food%20Movemen
t.pdf [http://perma.cc/D9KW-BXN4]; see also JAMES RUSHING & JENS RUEHLE, A.T.
KEARNEY, BUYING INTO THE LOCAL FOOD MOVEMENT 3 (2013),
https://www.atkearney.com/documents/10192/709903/Buying+into+the+Local+Food+Move
ment.pdf/68091049-b5c2-4d2a-a770-ee5b703da8fd [http://perma.cc/YQ9S-DCDJ].





n40  SARAH A. LOW ET AL., USDA, AP-068, TRENDS IN U.S. LOCAL AND REGIONAL FOOD
SYSTEMS: A REPORT TO CONGRESS 30 (Jan. 2015),
http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/1763057/ap068.pdf [http://perma.cc/X4KL-UGH2].





n41  Id.





n42  Id. at 2.





n43  Id. at 11; PIROG, supra note 39, at 8.





n44  LOW, supra note 40, at iii.





n45  Id.





n46  What is a Farmer's Market?, USDA FOOD & NUTRITION SERV.,
http://www.fns.usda.gov/ebt/what-farmers-market [http://perma.cc/75EC-ZQWW]
(last updated May 27, 2015); see also USDA Farmers Market, USDA AGRIC. MKTG.
SERV., http://www.ams.usda.gov/about-ams/programs-offices/usda-farmers-market
[http://perma.cc/R4G9-6N9S].





n47  LOW, supra note 40, at 1.





n48  Defining Community Supported Agriculture, USDA NAT'L AGRIC. LIBR.,
http://pubs.nal.usda.gov/sites/pubs.nal.usda.gov/files/csadef.html
[http://perma.cc/M85P-VEGD].





n49  PIROG, supra note 39, at 8.





n50  Id.





n51  Id.





n52  See Andrew Zumkehr & J. Elliott Campbell, The Potential for Local Croplands
to Meet US Food Demand, 13 FRONTIERS IN ECOLOGY & THE ENV'T 244, 246 (2015).





n53  Id.





n54  Id.





n55  Id.





n56  For example, another potential massive alternative urban agriculture is
aquaponics, which is "a combination of fish and plant production using
aquaculture and hydroponics systems." See Aquaponics, USDA NAT'L AGRIC. LIBR.,
https://afsic.nal.usda.gov/aquaculture-and-soilless-farming/aquaponics
[http://perma.cc/92MY-6XVB] (last updated Feb. 11, 2016).





n57  The vertical farm was widely popularized by Dickson Despommier's book, The
Vertical Farm. As a result, this Article relies upon that publication to provide
the basic arguments for vertical farming. It should be noted that there are
skeptics of the vertical farming idea. See, e.g., Stan Cox, The Vertical Farming
Scam, COUNTERPUNCH (Dec. 11, 2012),
http://www.counterpunch.org/2012/12/11/the-vertical-farming-scam/[http://perma.c
c/GAY4-UQZ5]. Those ideas are not debated here because the purpose of this
Article is to focus primarily on making the argument for massive alternative
urban agricultures of any stripe and to discuss how to fund them.





n58  See infra notes 66-76 and accompanying text.





n59  See, e.g., Daniel Terlizzi et al., Introduction to Aquaculture, PENN ST.
EXTENSION (2016),
http://extension.psu.edu/business/ag-alternatives/livestock/additional-livestock
-options/aquaculture [http://perma.cc/9M82-MZME] ("The type of aquaculture
operation that you begin will be influenced by your financial and labor
resources as well as available markets.").





n60  See generally DESPOMMIER, supra note 2.





n61  Id. at 163.





n62  Id. at 90-91.





n63  Id. at 165.





n64  Id.





n65  Id. at 129, 165-66.





n66  Id. at 146-48.





n67  Id. at 148-50.





n68  Id. at 151-54; Polluted Runoff: Nonpoint Source Pollution, EPA,
http://water.epa.gov/polwaste/nps/agriculture.cfm [http://perma.cc/2J2Q-9J9E]
(last updated Dec. 10, 2015).





n69  DESPOMMIER, supra note 2, at 154-60.





n70  Id. at 161-62.





n71  Id. at 162-67.





n72  Id. at 167-68.





n73  Id. at 169-71.





n74  Id. at 171-73.





n75  Id. at 173-75.





n76  Id. at 175.





n77  Id. at 24.





n78  Id. at 130 (noting that early vertical farms might need to occur on the
outskirts where it is more economical).





n79  See Dickson Despommier, Farming up the City: The Rise of Urban Vertical
Farms, 31 TRENDS IN BIOTECH. 388, 389 (2013) (counting six vertical farms then
extant in 2013).





n80  Id. at 253-54.





n81  Id. at 254.





n82  See GPL Strategies, HARV. KENNEDY SCH. GOV'T PERFORMANCE LAB,
http://govlab.hks.harvard.edu/gpl-strategies [http://perma.cc/7NKN-NUCQ]
(discussing several approaches such as pay-for-success; results-driven
contracting; and performance improvement funding, such as social impact bonds).





n83  See infra notes 86-116 and accompanying text (referencing the AeroFarms
discussion).





n84  See AHNAKRUZIC, LEOPOLDCTR. FOR SUSTAINABLE AGRIC., FUNDING OPPORTUNITIES
IN LOCAL FOODS (2014),
http://www.leopold.iastate.edu/sites/default/files/pubs-and-papers/2014-10-fundi
ng-opportunities-local-foods.pdf [http://perma.cc/CW6X-AAFN]; see also Local
Food Promotion Program, USDA AGRIC. MKTG. SERV.,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/services/grants/lfpp [http://perma.cc/AW7R-XEPE];
Grants, Loans & Support, USDA,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=KYF_GRANTS
[http://perma.cc/YD8F-FWZ6] (last updated Dec. 4, 2015).





n85  See Despommier, supra note 79, at 389.





n86  See C.J. Hughes, In Newark, a Vertical Indoor Farm Helps Anchor an Area's
Revival, N.Y. TIMES (Apr. 7, 2015) [hereinafter Vertical Farm Anchors Area's
Revival],
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/08/realestate/commercial/in-newark-a-vertical-ind
oor-farm-helps-anchor-an-areas-revival.html; Lilo H. Stainton, Giant Indoor
Garden to Grow Jobs, Vegetables in Newark's Ironbound, NJ SPOTLIGHT (Mar. 13,
2015),
http://www.njspotlight.com/stories/15/03/12/giant-indoor-garden-to-grow-jobs-veg
etables-in-newark-s-ironbound/ [http://perma.cc/K88T-FDGF].





n87  See Vertical Farm Anchors Area's Revival, supra note 86.





n88  See Stainton, supra note 86; see also CITY OF NEWARK, N.J., RES. 13-2044
(Feb. 11, 2014),
https://newark.legistar.com/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=1652128&GUID=1C2F87BE-6A61
-4F0B-AF6F-473BB2C5B89C [http://perma.cc/P3VX-F6AB] (noting $ 500,000 in CDBG
funds "to provide physical rehabilitation to 212 Rome Street, Newark, New
Jersey").





n89  See Stainton, supra note 86; see also New Jersey Economic Development
Authority Agenda (Dec. 9, 2014),
http://www.njeda.com/web/pdf/EDA/agenda_12092014.pdf [http://perma.cc/6UQU-83GK]
(noting action item "to approve the application of Just Greens, LLC dba
Aerofarms for a Grow New Jersey Assistance Program Grant to encourage the
applicant to make a capital investment and locate in Newark, NJ. Project
location of Newark, Essex County qualifies as a Urban Transit HUB Municipality
under N.J.S.A. 34:1B-242 et seq. and the program's rules, N.J.A.C. 19:31-18. The
project is eligible, pursuant to the statute, for bonus increases to the tax
credit award for Deep Poverty Pocket and Capital Investment in Excess of
Minimum. The estimated annual award is $ 655,500 for a 10-year term.").





n90  See Groundbreaking for AeroFarms New Corporate Headquarters & World's
Largest Indoor Vertical Farm in Newark, NJ, GOLDMAN SACHS (July 9, 2015)
[hereinafter Aerofarms],
http://www.goldmansachs.com/what-we-do/investing-and-lending/impact-investing/ca
sestudies/aerofarms-press-release-7-9-15.pdf [http://perma.cc/R3KG-GEGR]. New
Markets Tax Credits are allocated to specific projects, as well as regional and
national Community Development Financial Institutions, and provide a form of
financing to projects in low-income census tracts, as defined by statute. See
generally New Markets Tax Credit Program, U.S. DEP'T. OF THE TREASURY COMMUNITY
DEV. FIN. INSTITUTIONAL FUND, https://www.cdfifund.gov/programs-training/
Programs/new-markets-taxcredit/Pages/default.aspx [http://perma.cc/T6SX-AWSY].





n91  See AeroFarms, supra note 90.





n92  See Stephen Malpezzi, Local Economic Development and Its Finance: An
Introduction, in FINANCING ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT IN THE 21ST CENTURY 7-22 (Sammis
B. White et al. eds., 2012).





n93  See Aerofarms, supra note 90.





n94  See Brownfields Area-Wide Planning Pilot Project Fact Sheet: Ironbound
Community Corporation, Newark, NJ, EPA (Oct. 2010),
http://www.epa.gov/sites/production/files/2015-09/documents/awp_newark_nj.pdf.





n95  Id.





n96  See Vertical Farm Anchors Area's Revival, supra note 86.





n97  EDWARD J. BLAKELY & NANCEY GREEN LEIGH, PLANNING LOCAL ECONOMIC
DEVELOPMENT: THEORY AND PRACTICE 57-59 (4th ed. 2010) (describing "smoke stack
chasing" and its commensurate policies).





n98  See generally Louise Story, As Companies Seek Tax Deals, Governments Pay
High Price, N.Y. TIMES (Dec. 1, 2012),
http://www.nytimes.com/2012/12/02/us/how-local-taxpayers-bankroll-corporations.h
tml?pagewanted=all&_r=0.





n99  Id.





n100  2015 Gold & Silver Shovel Awards: Investment Projects of the Year, AREA
DEV. (2015),
http://www.areadevelopment.com/Gold-Shovel-Econdev-Awards/Q2-2015/projects-Solar
City-GE-Volkswagen-GitiTire-Tesla-44405157.shtml [http://perma.cc/VRC3-WY95].





n101  Id.





n102  Id.





n103  Id.





n104  See Story, supra note 98.





n105  See New Markets Tax Credit Program, supra note 90.





n106  See supra notes 81, 89-92 and accompanying text.





n107  See Yvonne Wenger, Baltimore City Council Approves Tax Credits for Urban
Farmers, BALT. SUN (May 4, 2015),
http://www.baltimoresun.com/news/maryland/baltimore-city/bs-md-ci-urban-ag-20150
504-story.html [http://perma.cc/5EDC-QBLJ].





n108  See Community Development Block Grant Program -- CDBG, U.S. DEP'T. OF
HOUSING & URB. DEV., http://portal.hud.gov/hudportal/HUD?src=/program_
offices/comm_planning/communitydevelopment/programs [http://perma.cc/6PH3-GP5V].





n109  See DENVER, COLO., DENVER ZONINGCODE § 11.12.6(B)(1) (as amended through
July 10, 2015),
https://www.denvergov.org/content/dam/denvergov/Portals/646/documents/Zoning/DZC
/DZC_071015_web-optimized.pdf [http://perma.cc/J5J5-AWUP].





n110  See generally Richard Briffault, The Most Popular Tool: Tax Increment
Financing and the Political Economy of Local Government, 77 U. CHI. L. REV. 65,
65, 68 (2010).





n111  See INT'L ECON. DEV. COUNCIL, REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT AND REUSE 45-49
(2011) [hereinafter REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT AND REUSE] (discussing factors in
real estate site planning and assembly in economic development decision-making).





n112  See Briffault, supra note 110, at 68-69; REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT AND
REUSE, supra note 111, at 170.





n113  See REAL ESTATE DEVELOPMENT AND REUSE, supra note 111, at 169.





n114  See, e.g., MARTIN D. ABRAVANEL ET AL., What Makes for a Smart Community or
Economic Development Subsidy? A Program Evaluation Perspective, in SMART SUBSIDY
FOR COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT 104, 112 (Fed. Reserve Bank of Boston & The Aspen
Inst. 2011),
http://www.bostonfed.org/commdev/smart-subsidy/104-abravanel-pindus-theodos.pdf
[http://perma.cc/8N3N-DSHJ].





n115  See Briffault, supra note 110, at 65. Deployment of redevelopment and TIF
historically has required findings of "blight" or "deterioration," though the
concepts have been abused over time. See, e.g., Colin Gordon, Blighting the Way:
Urban Renewal, Economic Development, and the Elusive Definition of Blight, 31
FORDHAM URB. L.J. 305 (2003).





n116  See Creating Access to Healthy, Affordable Food, USDA AGRIC. MKTG. SERV.,
http://apps.ams.usda.gov/fooddeserts/ [http://perma.cc/SJK7-TAQK].





n117  See, e.g., INT'L CITY COUNTY MGMT. ASS'N, BROWNFIELDS REDEVELOPMENT: A
GUIDEBOOK FOR LOCAL GOVERNMENTS AND COMMUNITIES iii, 3 (2d ed. 2011),
http://www.usmayors.org/brownfields/library/Brownfields_Redevelopment.pdf
[http://perma.cc/2Z9J-3BSR].





n118  See, e.g., Emil E. Malizia, Property Tax Appraisals and the Reuse of
Inner-City Properties 4 (Lincoln Inst. of Land Policy, Working Paper WP97EM1,
1997),
https://www.lincolninst.edu/subcenters/property-valuation-and-taxation-library/d
l/malizia.pdf [http://perma.cc/WJ7D-JCK5].





n119  See Agricultural Assessment Program - Overview, N.Y. DEP'T OF TAX'N &
FIN., http://www.tax.ny.gov/research/property/assess/valuation/ag_overview.htm
[http://perma.cc/G66M-2LU3] (last updated Mar. 16, 2012) ("The Agricultural
Districts Law allows reduced property tax bills for land in agricultural
production by limiting the property tax assessment of such land to its
prescribed agricultural assessment value.").





n120  See Agricultural Conservation Easement Program, USDA NAT'L RES.
CONSERVATION SERV., http://www.nrcs.usda.gov/wps/portal/nrcs/main/national/
programs/easements/acep/ [http://perma.cc/6YVQ-SYCT].





n121  Id.





n122  See Anna Robaton, Farming REITs, NAREIT (Jan. 21, 2015),
https://www.reit.com/news/reit-magazine/january-february-2015/farming-reits
[http://perma.cc/XK6C-7VKA].





n123  See, e.g., About VinREIT, GLOBAL WINE PARTNERS,
http://globalwinebank.com/winecapital-vinreit.html [http://perma.cc/2Y8E-VHJC]
("VinREIT is a real estate investment trust (REIT) created specifically to
provide real estate sale-leaseback financing to the wine industry.").





n124  Id.





n125  Id.





n126  See generally id.





n127  See Social Impact Bonds, GOLDMAN SACHS (Oct. 2014),
http://www.goldmansachs.com/our-thinking/pages/social-impact-bonds.html
[http://perma.cc/95M4-QHKQ].





n128  Id.





n129  Id.





n130  See, e.g., Stephen Goldsmith, Utah Applies Social Impact Bonds to Early
Childhood Education, GOVERNING (Feb. 18, 2015),
http://www.governing.com/blogs/bfc/gov-social-impact-bonds-early-childhood-educa
tion-utah.html [http://perma.cc/V74P-WLBJ].





n131  See Karen Finney, U.C. Davis, Middle Class, Not Poor, Eat More Fast Food,
FUTURITY (Nov. 1, 2011),
http://www.futurity.org/middle-class-not-poor-eat-more-fast-food/
[http://perma.cc/HHK6-MUGH] (discussing Kim DaeHwan & Paul Leigh, Are Meals at
Full-Service and Fast-Food Restaurants "Normal" or "Inferior"?, 14 POPULATION
HEALTH MGMT. 307 (2011)). See generally Economic Costs, HARVARD T.H. CHAN SCH.
OF PUB. HEALTH,
http://www.hsph.harvard.edu/obesity-prevention-source/obesityconsequences/econom
ic/ [http://perma.cc/F8UW-PDBE] (citing one study finding that "per capita
medical spending for obese individuals was an additional $ 1,429 (42% higher)
compared to individuals of normal weight" and a second study finding that "per
capita medical spending was $ 2,741 higher for obese individuals than for
individuals who were not obese--a 150 percent increase").





n132  10 Cal. Real Est. § 34:72 (4th ed. 2010).





n133  See Jonathon G. Nash & David C. Camp, A Few Thoughts on Percentage Rent,
COLO. REAL EST. J., Dec. 3, 2014, at 22.





n134  See Makers Village, RBH GROUP, http://www.rbhgrp.com/makers-village.html
[http://perma.cc/Y5LF-UQHV].





n135  See, e.g., Sarah Searle, Stop Romanticizing Farms, MODERN FARMER (June 30,
2014), http://modernfarmer.com/2014/06/stop-romanticizing-farms/
[http://perma.cc/56T8-J37H] ("In a sense, we're incentivizing farmers to use
their limited resources to perpetuate a romantic stereotype that consumers
enjoy, rather than to spend money on functioning, sustainable (but perhaps not
magazine-beautiful) models of local farming.").





n136  See, e.g., The Bilbao Effect: If You Build It, Will They Come?, ECONOMIST
(Special Report) (Dec. 2013),
http://www.economist.com/news/special-report/21591708-if-you-build-it-will-they-
come-bilbao-effect [https://perma.cc/6446-HHEX] ("Visitors' spending in Bilbao
raised over  EUR  100m ($ 110m) in taxes for the regional government in the
first three years after the museum opened, enough to recoup the construction
costs and leave something left over.").





n137  See supra text accompanying note 93.





n138  See CAL. AIR RES. BD., CAL. ENVTL. PROT. AGENCY, COMPLIANCE OFFSET
PROTOCOL U.S. FORESTS PROJECTS 13-14 (2015),
http://www.arb.ca.gov/cc/capandtrade/protocols/usforest/forestprotocol2015.pdf
[http://perma.cc/8TJX-UM5X]; Compliance Offset Program, CAL. ENVTL. PROT.
AGENCY, http://www.arb.ca.gov/cc/capandtrade/offsets/offsets.htm
[http://perma.cc/Q9BH-PBKJ] (last updated Feb. 10, 2016).





n139  See Progress Report: Emissions Reductions, EPA,
http://www3.epa.gov/airmarkets/progress/reports/emissions_reductions_so2.html
[http://perma.cc/FJC3-T6SD].





n140  See generally supra notes 80-83 and accompanying text.





n141  See, e.g., Susanne Craig, Despite Risks, Cuomo Bets on Solar Power to Lift
Buffalo, N.Y. TIMES, Oct. 25, 2015, at A15 (detailing risks taken by State of
New York in massive subsidy of solar facility with goal of begetting a "virtuous
cycle [that] will follow, and public money [that] will attract private
investment").





n142  See CLAYTON M. CHRISTENSEN & MICHAEL E. RAYNOR, THE INNOVATOR'S SOLUTION:
CREATING AND SUSTAINING SUCCESSFUL GROWTH 34-35 (2003).


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Georgia: Out to Lunch Concert Series & Farmers Market

LENGTH: 145  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Atlanta-Fulton Public Library System, The State of Georgia has issued the
following news release:

Out to Lunch Concert Series & Farmers Market

Event Details - Tell a Friend
Music / Singing - Performance
Date & Time:  Thursdays, June 19, 2014 - August 21, 2014
11:00 AM-2:00 PM
Suggested Audiences:  Elders, Adult, College, High School, Middle School,
Elementary, Preschool, Toddler
Location:
Find Local Food & Accommodations  Worcester Common Oval
455 Main Street
Worcester, MA 01608
Cost:  FREE and open to the public
Promotions:  Public Woo Card: Swipe your WOO Card for WOO points
College Woo Card: Swipe your WOO Card for WOO points
Description:  Our popular summer concert series returns to the Worcester Common
Oval - featuring dynamic live entertainment as well as a farmers market, food
vendors and artisan marketplace.

For further information please visit: http://afplweb.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Georgia: Out to Lunch Concert Series & Farmers Market

LENGTH: 145  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Atlanta-Fulton Public Library System, The State of Georgia has issued the
following news release:

Out to Lunch Concert Series & Farmers Market

Event Details - Tell a Friend
Music / Singing - Performance
Date & Time:  Thursdays, June 19, 2014 - August 21, 2014
11:00 AM-2:00 PM
Suggested Audiences:  Elders, Adult, College, High School, Middle School,
Elementary, Preschool, Toddler
Location:
Find Local Food & Accommodations  Worcester Common Oval
455 Main Street
Worcester, MA 01608
Cost:  FREE and open to the public
Promotions:  Public Woo Card: Swipe your WOO Card for WOO points
College Woo Card: Swipe your WOO Card for WOO points
Description:  Our popular summer concert series returns to the Worcester Common
Oval - featuring dynamic live entertainment as well as a farmers market, food
vendors and artisan marketplace.

For further information please visit: http://afplweb.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                            August 11, 2011 Thursday

New York's Gov. Cuomo launches program for farmers markets

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 322  words


A new state program will launch new farmers' markets and expand others around
the State of New York.

The "New York Fresh Connect Farmers' Markets"  program will assist New York
farmers by increasing the sale of locally-grown food in communities. It will
also bring fresh food to underserved communities, improve nutrition education
and help create local jobs.

The program marks the first step in "Farm New York," Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo's new
initiative to invest in the state's agriculture industry, a vital component of
the state's economy. Farm New York will focus on ways to support and expand New
York farms through farm product sales, branding, marketing, distribution, local
food processing innovations and improving the business climate by reducing the
regulatory burden on farmers.

In some places, new markets will serve rural or urban communities that do not
have sufficient access to grocery stores; in others, markets will provide
low-income, high-unemployment neighborhoods with healthy, New York-grown
produce, as well as jobs by staffing the markets with local youth. Other markets
will provide residents and tourists with an array of New York farm fresh
products.

Under the program, the state will offer up to $15,000 in funding per market;
identify suitable markets; recruit farmers to participate; assist with
marketing, promotion, nutrition education, community outreach, and other
services; and coordinate with local officials and business groups.

To encourage greater consumption of fresh fruits and vegetables, each market
will be assisted in redeeming Food Stamps and other nutrition incentives, such
as Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) Fruit & Vegetable Checks, Farmers' Market
Nutrition Program coupons, and Senior Farmers' Market Nutrition coupons. The
state will also provide new "FreshConnect" checks, which are $2 rebate checks
for every $5 in food stamps spent at a participating FreshConnect Farmers'
Market.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             April 14, 2013 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

Today's news

BYLINE: Mea Watkins, Karen Huppertz, Ty Tagami; Staff, For the AJC

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 485 words


ATLANTA

SPARC health clinic to offer exams, more

The Sadie G. Mays Health and Rehabilitation Center will host a Sickness
Prevention Achieved through Regional Collaboration health clinic 10 a.m. to 2
p.m. Wednesday at 1821 Anderson Ave., N.W.

The event, presented by the Fulton County Office of Aging and the Atlanta
Regional Commission, will offer health screenings, immunizations, clinical
breast exams, colorectal prescreens, etc. Attendees should bring medications to
have them examined for drug interactions.

Medicare, nutrition and dental education will be available, as well as healthy
snacks, prizes and giveaways. The first 100 attendees will receive a bag of
fresh, Georgia-grown produce. Open to the public; admission is free.

Information: Fulton County Starline, 404-613-6000 or www.sgmays.org. Mea Watkins

GWINNETT

Speaker will discuss female seminary

The Snellville Historical society welcomes Catherine Long, History and Culture
Program Coordinator for the Gwinnett Environmental and Heritage Center, to
discuss the Lawrenceville Female Seminary at 2:30 p.m. today at Snellville City
Hall. 770-985-3512.

KAREN HUPPERTZ FOR THE AJC

Lilburn Farmers Market awarded grant

AgSouth Farm Credit awarded the Lilburn Farmers Market a $500 grant to be used
to promote its community-based market in the "Think Outside the Store" campaign.
The grant will finance advertisements and promotions for the Lilburn Farmers
Market. In addition, the market will be given 250 reusable bags for their
customers' convenience while shopping.

Beginning the fourth season, the Lilburn Farmers Market opens June 7 and runs
through Aug. 30 operating 4 to 8 p.m. in downtown Lilburn.

Information: lilburn farmersmarket.org. STAFF

FULTON

Fulton schools get involvement award

Fulton County Schools has won first place in the 19th annual Magna Awards for
engaging staff, parents and the general public in the two-year transition to
charter system status that took effect in July.

The program is sponsored by the National School Boards Association's American
School Board Journal. It recognizes districts nationwide for advancing learning
and encouraging community involvement. Fulton's winning entry is online at
www.asbj.com/magna.TY TAGAMI

SAT test prep series offered at library

Connective Tutoring will offer a six-part series of SAT prep classes, covering
both verbal and math components, at 6 p.m. every Monday in April; and April 23
and 30 at the Northeast/Spruill Oaks Branch Library, 9560 Spruill Road, Johns
Creek.

Information: 770-360-8820. MEA WATKINS

DEKALB

Event stresses being ready for an emergency

WSB-TV chief meteorologist Glenn Burns and the DeKalb Emergency Management
Agency will hold "Preparing our Communities for Emergencies" to educate DeKalb
faith leaders on the importance of emergency preparedness noon to 1 p.m. Monday
at the Callanwolde Fine Arts Center, 980 Briarcliff Road NE.

Information www.onedekalb.com. MEA WATKINS

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2013 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                     May 13, 2004 Thursday DOWNTOWN EDITION

FARMERS MARKET HEADS WARM-WEATHER EVENTS

BYLINE: PAT LOPES HARRIS, MERCURY NEWS

SECTION: THE GUIDE; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 248 words


It's almost summer and you know what that means downtown: The San Jose Downtown
Business Association's warm-weather events are back.

The farmers market, on San Pedro Street between Santa Clara and St. John
streets, opened Friday and will continue every Friday from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
through Dec. 17.

New at the market -- in its 12th year -- are booths and promotions meant to
attract crowds to the popular event.

"This is really about more than the farmers market," said Rick Jensen, the
association's communications manager. "What we're trying to do is make itmore of
an event."

Be on the lookout for not just fresh fruits, veggies, flowers and baked goods.
Jenson said the association will be adding arts and crafts vendors, especially
toward the holiday gift-giving season.

The association is plugging away with plans for its other weekly happenings.

Miller Music in the Other Park begins June 3 at St. James Park at East St. James
and North First streets.

The event, in its seventh year, brings bands to the park for outdoor concerts
from 5:30 to 9 p.m. Thursdays through June 24. Latin jazz artist Pete Escovedo
kicks off this year's series.

Picking up where Music in the Other Park leaves off is Miller Music in the Park.
That park is Plaza de Cesar Chavez at South Market Street and Park Avenue.

Music in the Park -- in its 16th year -- will run from 5:30 to 9 p.m. Thursdays
from July 8 to Sept. 2.

For more information check out www.sjdowntown.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: IN BRIEF

                     Copyright 2004 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             March 3, 2012 Saturday

Seeds of change in Butte County: New uses of nutrition aid promoted as benefit
to lifestyles, community

BYLINE: By HEATHER HACKING - Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 689 words


Eating well, buying local and helping people afford healthful food are being
combined through local efforts to promote the use of government food benefits at
local farmers markets.

Many people don't realize that federal Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
funds can be used to buy seeds and plants so people can grow their own food.

With the push to help battle childhood obesity and diabetes, buying more fresh
produce is on the agenda.

When money is spent on local food, it helps the economy, said Richard Roth,
director of cChaos, which organizes farmers markets in Chico and Oroville.

"It's one of the highest stimulus packages a community could have," especially
when those dollars are spent with local producers.

So far, the spending at Roth's Friday market in Chico is slow, maybe $100-$200 a
week. The hope is that this will increase.

Part of a recent grant through the Center for Nutrition and Activity Promotion
at Chico State University will help promote the use of food benefit cards at
local markets. Roth said there will also be a program starting in April that
boosts people's dollar amounts at local markets.

Chico's year-round market manager Liz Gardener said EBT sales are on the rise
and are now at about $500-$650 a week.

The machines that run EBT cards cost thousands of dollars and there is just one
at the market. People go to a designated table and receive tokens that are
exchanged for food.

There are two machines in the county but five markets, so the machines are
shared.

Roth runs the Friday market at the Dorothy Johnson Center in Chico, as well as
the Thursday market at Myers and D streets in Oroville. Other markets in Chico,
Oroville and Paradise will begin in the spring.

The hope is that someday the vendor groups will be able to buy a machine to
allow the use of debit cards to make it easier for shoppers, including those
from out of town.

There are so many reasons exchanging EBT purchasing dollars at the market is a
good idea. Attending the market is a community event, providing a place for
people to bump into their neighbors, listen to music and shop outdoors.

While people are spending their dollars locally, they're soaking in a bit of
"sense of community," said Jennifer Sharkey, regional CalFresh director.

CalFresh for plants and seeds

For years, federal food funding could be spent on plants and seeds, so people
can grow their own food. Yet, most people aren't aware of this, Sharkey
explained.

Growing food for the first time isn't always easy, but community gardens and
workshops are developing through town, including projects such as Cultivating
Community: http://cultivatingcommunitynv .org/ also on Facebook.

This group, funded through the California Department of Food and Agriculture,
promotes community gardens, EBT use at farmers markets, workshops and cooking
demonstrations. There is also a call for garden volunteers: 342-1995.

Food for a local economy boost

CalFresh is the state program for the federally-funded Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program (food stamps).

Only about half of those eligible for food assistance receive it. The estimate
is if all eligible people applied for food benefits, an additional $40.5 million
would be spent by Butte County residents, Sharkey said.

Nationwide, about 46 million people receive food assistance, or 15 percent of
the population.

As of Jan. 1, the fingerprinting requirement to receive nutrition assistance has
been lifted.

While most food assistance is received by families, students and others with
lower incomes often don't realize they qualify.

California and Wyoming have the lowest enrollment of those eligible, said Roth.

On the Internet:

To check on eligibility status: www.fns.usda.gov/fsp/outreach/

To view eligibility guidelines: www.csuchico.edu/cnap/programs/
CalFresh%20Outreach.shtml

What food assistance can be used for:
www.fns.usda.gov/snap/retailers/eligible.htm

Find an application online at: www.c4yourself.com/c4yourself/

Link to the Chico State Center for Nutrition and Activity Promotion at:
www.csuchico.edu/cnap/

Staff writer Heather Hacking can be reached at 896-7758, hhacking@chicoer.com
and on Twitter @HeatherHacking.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ann Seymour (right) buys produce from Shoua Lor during the Chapman
Farmers Market at the Dorothy Johnson Center in Chico on Feb. 17. Seymour paid
cash, but part of a recent grant will help promote the use of food benefit cards
at local markets.(Jason Halley/Staff Photo) All Chico E-R photos are available
here .
Richard Roth, director of cChaos, holds tokens that can be exchanged for food at
the Dorothy Johnson Center in Chico on Feb. 17.(Jason Halley/Staff Photo) All
Chico E-R photos are available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                             June 15, 2010 Tuesday

Park construction won't delay farmers market

BYLINE: By Emily Devlin, edevlin@sentinelandenterprise.com

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 450 words


FITCHBURG -- The Fitchburg Farmers Market is slated to open on July 1 for the
second year in a row, despite ongoing construction at Riverfront Park.

"Just because people see the park in the condition it's in, there were questions
about whether it would be completed or not. But people associated with the Parks
Department and the Riverfront Park project all believe it will be done by July
1, so that's what I'm going by," Farmers Market Manager Sheila Lumi said Monday.

Construction workers broke ground on the Riverfront Park project early this
spring. The construction involves tearing down the flood wall that contains the
Nashua River and rebuilding the park's slope to make the river more accessible
to the public.

The grant for the project stipulates that it must be completed by June 30, and
Deputy Community Development Director Larry Casassa said Monday that it looks
like the deadline will be met. He said workers need only to grade and loam the
park grounds at this point.

The Fitchburg Farmers Market is permitted to operate at Riverfront Park, and
Lumi said even if there is a bit of work left on July 1, a large enough section
of the park should be complete to go about business as usual.

Members of the Fitchburg Farmers Market Association met Monday to discuss
reconfiguring the layout of the market this year to accommodate changes to the
park. But Lumi said the group's main focus now is to attract people to the
market in its second year of operation.

Like last year, the farmers market will be open Thursdays from 3 to 7 p.m. at
Riverfront Park, and at the HealthAlliance Hospital Burbank Campus Mondays and
Wednesdays from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. (only fruits and vegetables will be sold
Mondays and Wednesdays).

Those who receive benefits under the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
(SNAP), formerly known as the food-stamp program, will be able to buy fresh
fruits and vegetables at the Fitchburg Farmers Market this year, now that the
association owns an Electronic Benefit Transfer machine, Lumi said.

"We really need to get the word out, because we did not accept (EBT cards) last
year," Lumi said. "That's going to be our biggest promotion this year. We want
everyone to have availability of fresh local fruits and vegetables, regardless
of income."

Those who shop the farmers market will find a host of locally grown or made
products, in addition to fruits and vegetables, including jams, candy, goat
soap, lotions, herbs, perennials and jewelry.

About 20 vendors are signed up to participate in this year's market, but the
association is looking to expand the operation.

Those who grow local produce, or make other goods locally, are asked to contact
Sheila Lumi at 978-582-9382.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     MidWeek (Mackay / Sarina, Queensland)

                                 March 2, 2016

New farmers market for city centre

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 281  words


MACKAY will soon welcome a farmers market.

The Greater Whitsunday Farmers Market will showcase a host of locally produced
food and beverages.

It will be held every Wednesday from June 8 at Wood Street Park (beside the
heritage-listed former Pioneer Shire Council Building).

The markets will be hosted by a non-profit group, the Greater Whitsunday Food
Network, in partnership with the City Centre Taskforce and council.

GWFN president Deb McLucas said network representatives would travel from
Clermont in the west and Sarina in the south through to Bowen in the north to
generate interest from growers next week.

"We really want to personally encourage farmers to be involved in the markets,"
she said.

"Ultimately, we want our city to showcase the best of the best produce we have
available right here in our own backyard.

"A great variety of produce is grown locally, including avocadoes, beans,
cauliflower, cucumber, lettuce, onions, potatoes, rockmelons, tomatoes and much
more."

Council's economic development manager Debra Howe said the weekly market was
expected to attract a crowd of about 30,000 a year.

"When fully developed, this event has the potential to draw close to 80,000
people a year to our city centre," she said.

"While it's difficult to measure the economic injection this event will derive,
the number of people attending will no doubt provide a significant boost to city
businesses and our local farmers and producers.

"Establishing a farmers market is an important first step in building the
reputation of Mackay as a place recognised for quality food experiences."

Ms Howe said the farmers market would tie in nicely with the coming Mackay City
Centre midweek promotion.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MMI


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                               September 11, 2013

ICTs Critical for Smallholder Farmers

LENGTH: 367 words


The promotion of the wider adoption of appropriate information and knowledge
technologies among smallholder farmers in the country can help improve their
yields, incomes and resilience, says a local farmer markets expert.Knowledge
Transfer Africa-Emkambo farmer markets expert Charles Dhewa said if smallholder
farmers had better access to appropriate information and knowledge it could help
them make informed choices about farming practices and allow them to transition
to higher value and premium crops.

"The expansion of ICTs in the country should help us provide farmers with
information on market prices of farm produce and where to get critical farm
inputs," he said.

"Wider use can also help smallholder farmers on methods of value addition as
well as sharing important farming knowledge."

Dhewa said while the ICT industry was expanding rapidly in the country it was
critical to also address issues related to agricultural content required by
farmers.

"While the ICT industry is said to be growing in Zimbabwe, it is mainly the
number of gadgets -- phones, laptops and other hand-held devices that is growing
and not the important asset -- content," he said.

"To fill in this gap, we are gathering, processing, customising and brokering
agricultural content to help farmers with information and knowledge about
markets."

He said his organisation's programme to promote the use of ICTs to facilitate
access to market information would help empower farmers who are the major
beneficiaries of land reform.

Knowledge Transfer Africa-Emkambo operates as a call centre connecting farmers,
traders, transporters, agro-dealers, consumers and value chain actors in more
than 20 markets around Zimbabwe via mobile phones.

One of their stations is at Mbare Msika market. The organisation started
operating in 2012 with less than 500 members and now the number has grown to 100
000.

Apart from poor access to ICTs and markerts, smallholder farmers still face
numerous challenges that include poor infrastructure, lack of capital or access
to credit and weak local institutions.

They also are often not aware of agricultural best practices and lack
opportunities to share information with peers, suppliers, and customers.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            August 3, 2011 Wednesday

Get ready to celebrate 'BLT Day"

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 118 words


On Saturday, Aug. 6, the Dubuque Farmers Market will celebrate the peak of
summer produce with its first "BLT Day!"

Vendors have been encouraged to use this opportunity to promote their products
related to BLTs: bacon, lettuce, tomato and bread.

The Dubuque Farmers Market will be celebrating the 12th annual National Farmers
Market Week (Aug. 7-13).

Local cable channel classic, "The Garden Organic" will be filming an episode on
a search to create the "best BLT ever!"

It will be aired on Mediacom Cable Channel 16 and the website
www.dubuque.k12.ia.us/GardenOrganic/.

BLT Day also will feature live entertainment.

The market is open Saturday morning, 7 a.m.-noon, at City Hall parking lot and
13th and Iowa Streets.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Businesses and residents invited to get involved with Stokesley Food Week

BYLINE: Mark Foster

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 276 words


BUSINESSES and residents are being invited to get involved in a town's food
week, following the launch of the successful initiative last year.

Stokesley Food Week will run from Saturday, October 1 to October 8 and will be a
celebration of local eateries, food producers and retailers from across the
district.

There will be activities such as pop-up food demonstrations by well-known local
chefs, special promotions, free samples and wine tasting.

The week will kick off with special events at the monthly Stokesley Farmers'
Market - itself named the best farmers' market in England in 2014- held on The
Plain on Saturday 1st October.

The event is being organised by Stokesley Parish Council, following the success
of the first food week last year. The council has received funding from the
York, North Yorkshire and East Riding Local Enterprise Partnership and local
businesses.

Parish Councillor Ian Blakemore, said: "Last year's event was an incredible
success despite the fact we organised it in a very short space of time. What's
more, our Tourfest celebrations created such a buzz that we've had dozens of
requests and ideas about holding more events.

"So Stokesley Food Week is back and we plan to make it bigger and better for
2016."

Stewart Brennan, parish councillor, said: "The aim is to showcase our beautiful
town and vast array of businesses to residents and people from all over the area
too. We've got some great activities planned which we will share in the coming
weeks."

Local businesses are invited to attend a meeting on September 20 at 5.30pm at
Stokesley Town Hall to find out more and get involved or submit any ideas to
stokesleypc@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Comment News (Perth, Australia)

                            October 7, 2008 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

New market in December

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 184 words


PINJARRAS McLarty Oval is the venue for the Peel Farmers Market, which will give
consumers direct access to regional farmers selling and promoting their produce
and products.

Peel Farmers Market Chairman Lex Langridge said the group wanted consumers to
experience a range of products freshly harvested and ready to sample straight
from the grower.

We feel that by working together as a farmers market, we will collaboratively
create and expand the regional community and provide fresh food products that
are locally owned and controlled, he said.

What you will take home will be fresh, seasonal and full of flavour with the
added benefit of knowing the person or family that produced the food.

Bendigo Bank in Pinjarra is providing funds towards the establishment of the
market, helping to pay for marquees and signage.

The market will be centrally located and easily accessible for people, including
senior citizens and low-income families, to obtain fresh fruits and vegetables
on a planned weekly basis.

The first markets will be on December 6. For more information contact 9535 0005
or email cmy@peel.wa.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCN


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Coventry Evening Telegraph

                            August 5, 2006 Saturday
                                Nuneaton Edition

Country comes to town

BYLINE: ANN EVANS

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 516 words


FOR anyone who enjoys locally-grown produce, fresh from the field, then Coventry
and Warwickshire's Farmers' Markets are just the place to shop.

The market is held in Medieval Spon Street, Coventry city centre, from 9am to
2pm on the second Thursday of every month.

What shoppers may not realise is how important this market is to them and the
area in which they live.

As well as being able to enjoy fresh and seasonal products, customers are
helping the environment by buying local, because food miles are reduced and
packaging is minimal.

From the local small farmers' point of view, these markets are a lifeline,
allowing them to sell their home-grown products directly to the public. Farmers
get to know their consumers and the public can learn more about agricultural
issues by chatting to the producers.

Importantly too, prices are often lower, because there is no middleman and
overheads are less.

Farmer John Ellis of Hilltop Farm, Hunningham, near Leamington, has been taking
his products to farmers' markets for many years. He now specialises in
free-range lamb and beef as well as corn, and takes a range of lamb products to
market, including sausages.

"Our lamb sausages are quite unusual," said John who has been farming for 40
years. "We do four sorts - there is mint, rosemary and garlic' a Moroccan one
which contains cumin, sweet chilli and coriander' lemon and coriander, and a
gluten-free variety.

"Farmers' markets have a lot of gluten-free products on offer, so this is ideal
for people with food intolerances. Woodhouse Farm, for example, also has
award-winning gluten-free sausages plus award-winning gammon and bacon.

"That's one of the nice things about farmers' markets, there are a lot of
award-winning farmers selling their products there. In Warwickshire
particularly, our farms are very strictly inspected so consumers can be
confident that they are buying excellent products and the product is exactly
what it says it is."

Another plus for farmers' markets is that they boost the local economy, as more
money is spent in other local stores on the days they are being held. In fact,
farmers' markets also benefit the national economy and helped to contribute to
the UK's annual turnover of pounds 65million in 2005.

Mick McLaughlin, of city centre promotions and management company CV One, said:
"Coventry and Warwickshire Farmers' Market is a fantastic place to get all of
your fresh seasonal produce that is not only good for you but for the whole
area.

"We need to continue to support the market as it allows people to talk to the
producers as well as giving them the opportunity to try local delicacies that
may not be found elsewhere."

Food

THE next Coventry and Warwickshire Farmers' Market is in Medieval Spon Street on
Thursday from 9am to 2pm. It will offer a wide selection of seasonal produce,
including: Fresh pork, gammon, sausages, burgers, kebabs, bacon, beef, lamb,
game, apple juice, honey, mustard, marmalade, jams, beeswax, organic foods,
potatoes, cabbages, sprouts, cauliflowers, flavoured breads, baguettes,
croissants, cakes, cheeses, pickles and homemade soups.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LOCAL PRODUCE...Shoppers at the farmers' market in Spon Street and
(inset) stallholders Nicky Carter of W J Rowlings Nurseries and Mike Wilkes of
Malthouse Produce celebrating its first anniversary in June.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Coventry Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

Grant allows Lowell farmers' market to continue in Mill No. 5

BYLINE: By Amelia Pak-Harvey, apak-harvey@lowellsun.com

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 468 words


LOWELL -- The local farming nonprofit Mill City Grows will keep on growing into
the cold months, after securing a $100,000 grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

The 2-year-old start-up is partnering with Mill No. 5 to pilot a winter farmers'
market that begins Nov. 2. Running from 10 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. on Sundays, the
building provides an immovable base for a group that has largely been wheeling
around town with its Mobile Market.

"It's something that we've gotten a lot of interest in, and there's winter
markets kind of springing up across the region around the Lowell area," said
Francey Slater, founding co-director of Mill City Grows.

The indoor location means a more "full-fledged" farmers market, she said, with
vegetable vendors, jams, honey and other artisanal products.

"Right now, the market is scheduled to kind of pilot in November and December,"
she said. "We're hoping to extend it further into the winter based on vendor
availability and some kind of initial response from the community."

Unlike Mill No. 5's weekly Saturday markets, this farmers' market will focus
more on farming.

"We really want it to be about the food," said Mill No. 5 developer Jim
Lichoulas III, "and people to be able to buy their locally sourced food here at
the mill."

The family-friendly event will feature live music and vendors such as Jones
Farm, Sweet Lydia's and Soluna Garden Farm. Lichoulas said Mill No. 5, which
just opened a locally sourced coffee shop, wants to also have food options that
are locally sourced. But there isn't any nearby Whole Foods or Trader Joe's, he
said.

"We want to fill that void and also take advantage of some of the fun aspects of
a community market place, where there's music and a gathering place," he said.

The USDA grant to Mill City Grows, awarded through the Farmers Market Promotion
Program, will also fund two new market sites for its Mobile Market.

The mobile market truck currently makes stops throughout the city at the
D'Youville Senior Care Center, the Lowell Community Health Center and more.

Two new sites will launch in the spring, and Slater said the group is hoping to
work with at least one school. By 2016, they will add a third location as well.

"With each of those locations, our goal is to bring on more vendors in
addition," Slater said. "So really growing the market and making more of an
economic opportunity in Lowell for local-area farmers."

Slater said the growth of the group has been motivated and inspired by requests
from the community to expand on programs.

"It's really promising, there's a huge amount of support from the community,
from the residents in Lowell, and lots of demand for the kinds of programs that
we're offering," she said. "That's really been kind of the driving force behind
our growth."

Follow Twitter and Tout @AmeliaPakHarvey.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Enrique Vargas, center, helps customers at the Mill City Grows stand at
the Lowell Farmers' Market. Photo courtesy Jennifer Myers
Savannah Marshall helps customers at the Mobile Market. Photo courtesy Jennifer
Myers Sun staff photos can be ordered by visiting our SmugMug site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Burton Mail

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Market's breakfast boost

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 124  words


A TASTY breakfast will be on the menu for visitors to the first Swadlincote
Farmers' Market of 2015.

Fruit smoothies and warming porridge will be available  tomorrow from 9am until
3pm, to coincide with National Breakfast Week, as traders promote their products
as the best way to 'shake up your wake up'.

Councillor Bob Wheeler, leader of South Derbyshire District Council, which runs
the market, on The Delph, said: "Swadlincote Farmers' Market is always packed
with wonderful produce.

"Breakfast gives you energy, the fuel you need to tackle the day ahead, and it's
an ideal opportunity to get some essential vitamins and minerals."

Any trader interested in taking part should contact Simon Wardle on 07879
276243 or email simon.wardle@virgin.net

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The West Briton

                               September 28, 2000

Farmers' market on its way to Helston?

BYLINE: Beverly Spina

SECTION: General; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 421 words


THE West Cornwall Farmers' Market Association wish to have a trial at the Monday
street market in Helston in October, setting up approximately 15-20 stalls. If
successful it could become a regular monthly feature, community development
officer Jane Acton has advised the town council. However the group are not keen
on having their stalls in an open street and would prefer to use the drill hall
yard, the Corn Exchange or, alternatively, Helston Methodist Church Hall.

Town clerk Ginette Cardew will advise councillors tonight that if the Farmers'
Market group would be prepared to accept a day other than Monday, when the Corn
Exchange is booked for an indoor market, they could be accommodated in the
Guildhall.

The West Cornwall Farmers' Market Association has the support of local
producers, Kerrier and Penwith district councils, the NFU, the Leader Project
and European Funds.

David Rodda, agricultural facilitator for the Cornwall leader Project which
supports and part-funds the Farmers' Market, said: "We would like to come into
Helston. There is an opportunity there and we are looking at various venues
including the Methodist Hall but these will need to be investigated." He said if
successful the Farmers' Market would be looking at Helston as a permanent venue
but he wanted to allay concerns of local traders.

"There is proof that market days bring more people into the town." The Farmers'
Market already trades at other venues including fortnightly at the Redruth
Butter Market and for one Friday each month at St John's Hall, Penzance, and
starting today on a Thursday.

The association also has advanced plans to make the market mobile which will
enable the producers to sell their produce at a major superstore, special
events, outdoor venues and where customers will have better access.

The 35-40 members come mainly from west Cornwall and bring a high standard of
produce ranging from cheese, cream, yoghurt, eggs, beef, lamb, pork, hams, dry
cure bacon, wild boar and venison, vegetables, herbs, bedding plants, cut and
dried flowers and cakes.

The market creates an opportunity for both organic and traditional producers to
promote and sell their products to an increasingly discerning public. Arts and
crafts are also an area the association would like to encourage.

Any local producer, particularly of eggs or vegetables, who thinks a Farmers'
Market is one solution to help promote your work then you can contact Mr Rodda
on 01209 611100 for further details.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                         Copyright 2000 The West Briton


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  West Briton

                                January 13, 2011
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Publicity boost for local food producers

BYLINE: NOEL PERRY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 406 words


THE GROUP that runs Helston's monthly farmers' markets has gone into the
publicity business to great effect. The South Kerrier Alliance, a not-for-profit
company whose sole aim is to improve the lives of people in Helston and The
Lizard, runs the west Cornwall Farmers' Market project, a local transport scheme
for the east Lizard area and has facilitated an allotment scheme near Helston.

Now local food producers in west Cornwall are being given an extra publicity
boost this year with a new website and radio advertising campaign to promote
their work.

The promotion is being organised as part of the project, which has been designed
to target support to farming families and small rural food businesses throughout
west Cornwall.

The project, which is due to end in June 2011, was initially started to increase
small producers' ability to sell food directly to local people.

Victoria Amran, development officer for West Cornwall Farmers' Markets, said:
"When we started this project there wasn't a website or online database set up
to provide information specific to farmers' markets or the businesses which
trade at them.

"By linking in the information on the website with our popular facebook page
we've been amazed by the response, with more than a hundred people a day
regularly visiting the site - and that's without a proper advertising campaign.

"It goes to show that people are interested and they want to be able to find out
this information in an easy way." The website was designed and built by
Helston-based company KI Design. It represented a collaborative effort of lots
of small, local businesses coming together to create something that should
benefit hundreds of others in the coming months and years.

The new website will be promoted by an imminent local radio advertising campaign
aimed at a new group of consumers who currently think buying local food is not
affordable for them. However, the message is that this is not the case. Seasonal
vegetables, eggs, local meat and many other items are cheaper than the
supermarkets.

The aim is to get families shopping at farmers' markets and using local food and
it is hoped the campaign will encourage more of them to try.. The South Kerrier
Alliance has also established itself as a leader in developing local
community-led projects. It is currently waiting to hear from funders about its
proposed plans for a community market centre at the old Cattle Market buildings
in Helston.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Helston Farmers' Market co-ordinator Joanne Schofield, centre, is given
website training by Rose Robinson and Fergus Muller, of Helston-based company KI
Design.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WBR


                           Copyright 2011 West Briton
                              All Rights Reserved


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                              May 7, 2005 Saturday

Downtown teamwork can produce a bumper crop

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 238 words


The most important harvest of the farmers' market that is coming to downtown
Normal next month won't be the fruits, vegetables and other items for sale.

It will be the cooperation it can foster between promoters of the downtown areas
in Normal and Bloomington.

The farmers' market has been a popular fixture in downtown Bloomington for
several years. This year it will operate Saturday mornings from May 14 to Oct.
29 around the old courthouse square.

Starting June 7, the Trailside Market will operate Tuesday evenings through Nov.
1 in the municipal parking lot between North Street and College Avenue, adjacent
to Constitution Trail in downtown Normal.

This is a boon to farmers' market fans who can't make it to the Saturday market
in Bloomington. It also will provide another outlet for farmers. Steven
Westerdahl, Normal's director of community development, notes that most farmers
must harvest twice a week.

But equally exciting is the cooperation involved in this venture.

Normal was assisted by Bloomington, which shared its market rules as well as its
mailing list.

Furthermore, the markets will be jointly advertised on posters and through other
promotions.

With both cities engaged in projects to revitalize their downtowns, greater
cooperation can be mutually beneficial. That's why it's good to hear there are
continuing talks about other cooperative ventures, such as a shuttle or trolley
between the two downtowns.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                             April 15, 2011 Friday

A taste of wine, beer OK at some farmers markets

BYLINE: Aaron Corvin and cami joner Columbian staff writers

SECTION: CLARK COUNTY; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 353 words


Local wineries are encouraged by a bill Gov.
Chris Gregoire
signed Thursday that allows a limited number of Washington farmers markets to
offer samples of beer and wine available for purchase.

"An imperative part of a local winery is for people to taste," said Jeremy
Brown, owner of the Rusty Grape Winery in Battle Ground.
The measure signed into law establishes a 14-month pilot program for beer and
wine tasting at 10 farmers markets throughout the state, beginning Sept. 1.
It's unclear which farmers markets would be tapped to be part of the new pilot
program.
Jordan Boldt, executive director of Vancouver Farmers Market, said Thursday
that "we'll make every effort we can" to be among the 10.
Being able to allow customers to taste beer and wine at the Vancouver Farmers
Market would strengthen the connection between vendor and patron, Boldt said.
"It helps make that purchase decision."
The state Liquor Control Board will oversee the pilot program and may establish
additional requirements to ensure alcohol is not served to minors or customers
who are visibly intoxicated.
Samples will be limited to 2 ounces each, and no customer may receive more than
4 ounces. Brown said he's excited about the bill and that it's a step in the
right direction, but he questioned certain parts of it, including the limits on
samples. He said 2-ounce samples are small and that allowing customers to
receive only two servings would hamper business for wine vendors.
Under the bill, wineries or microbreweries providing samples must offer food to
customers or be located adjacent to a food vendor. The bill's supporters say it
will allow local businesses to promote their products and gain exposure.
Boldt agrees with that assessment of the bill. He said it could help small
wineries "trying to get their foot in the door."
The Vancouver Farmers Market already has a license to sell wine and has applied
for a license to sell beer, said Anne Radford, a spokeswoman for the state
Liquor Control Board.
She said the Camas Farmers' Market has applied for licenses to sell both beer
and wine.
The Associated Press contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Blackpool Gazette

                                 August 2, 2004

Environment focus of next farmers' market

SOURCE: Blackpool Gazette

LENGTH: 166 words


St Annes Farmers' Market goes back to its roots on Thursday.


The market will be playing host to the National Farmers' Union roadshow -
encouraging shoppers including their children to find out more about farming.


High on the agenda will be environmental issues and why buying local produce
makes sense. The market will also have a Fair Trade stall and a Made in
Lancashire special promotion.


Farming is the lifeblood of the market which is held on the first Thursday of
every month and St Annes Farmers' Market, which was started by Keep the Fylde
Farming, is now the most popular on the Fylde, attracting people from Preston
and Blackpool as well as the local area.


All the 32 stalls sell farm fresh foods or rural crafts and it's that high
quality which customers say brings them back month after month.


Because much of the produce is seasonal there's always something new and many
cooks are now using locally-produced food in their recipes.


LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 Johnston Press Plc


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Bahrain News Agency (BNA)

                               May 4, 2014 Sunday

20,000 shoppers visited the farmers market in 23 weeks

LENGTH: 312 words


Manama: May 4 - (BNA): The Executive Director of Farmers' Market, Amani
Bu-Drees, said that the Ministry of Municipalities, Urban Planning, Agriculture
and Marine Resources has plan to change the once-a-week seasonal farmers' market
into a permanent all-year-round market.



He told Bahrain News Agency (BNA) that the air-conditioned market accommodates
60 Bahraini farmers who sold local farm produce in Budaiya Garden over the past
two years will be the launch-pad of the new market in order to reduce farm
products importation. The market was visited by 20,000 visitors in 23 weeks this
year alone.
She said that the success accomplished by the Farmers' Market was an anticipated
result of the keenness and attention of the Ministry's Undersecretary for
Agriculture and Marine Resources Shaikh Khalifa bin Isa Al Khalifa.
The Bahraini farmers were encouraged to offer competitive prices so as to
attract more shoppers in order for their produce to reach the largest chunk of
citizens and residents.
Bu-Drees said that the new market will be confined to selling local vegetables
unlike the central market which combines both the local and the imported
products.
Retailers can sell their produce in Horat Aali and wholesalers can sell at the
Central Market.
The farmers said that the market was an opportunity to promote their products in
order to make the Bahraini consumer aware that Bahraini farm products are not
less in quality than the imported products and may even exceed them sometimes.
They explained that the success of the farmers market was the result of the
facilitations provided by the Ministry and the efficiency of Bahraini farmers
and the quality of their produce and reasonable prices which attracted more
shoppers. (IY)
I.Y
BNA 0627 GMT 2014/05/04
Publishing Rights Reserved to Bahrain News Agency © 2003 - 2014 Provided by
Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 387


    Copyright 2003 -  2014 Publishing Rights Reserved to Bahrain News Agency
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                                  May 12, 2011

Semi-final dates for local teams

SECTION:

LENGTH: 1160 words


A very strong performance throughout by the boys and their determination to win
helped them to victory in what was a very competetive game.

Scoil Mhuire's three goals were scored by Andrew Vaughan, Diego O'Sullivan and
Liam O'Brien respectively. The boys have already seen off Buttevant and Colaiste
Mhuire Cobh. They now have a home semi-final and await their opposition. Panel;
Ryan Hopkins, James Buckley, Eoin Buckley, Tuathaill O'Brien, Ross Kiely, Kieran
Sexton, Diego O'Sullivan, Bobby Power, Cormac Cotter, Andrew Vaughan, Liam
O'Brien, Colm Cronin, Aaron Shine, Daire Daly, Rory Allen and Joe Murray.

FIRST YEAR GIRLS THROUGH TO ALLIRELAND SEMIFINAL: Congratulations to the First
Year Girls of Scoil Mhuire who defeated three teams in the First year Girls
Basketball All-Ireland play offs in Waterford last Saturday.

The teams defeated by the Scoil Mhuire students were Presentation School
Waterford, Pobal Scoil Iathar Sceine Kenmare and Mount Temple Dublin.

The girls will now play in the All-Ireland semifinal in UL next Wednesday May
18th and the final will be played on the same day. Panel Caoimhe Moore, Ciara
McCarthy, Rachael O'Connell, Amy Watson, Laura O'Sullivan, Laura O'Riordan,
Louise Barry, Orlaith O'Donoghue, Lisa Keating, Rebecca O'Reilly, Aisling
O'Keeffe. KANTURK SOCCER CLUB NEWS: Kanturk U11's lost 6   2 away to runaway
leaders Park United Mitchelstown. Darragh O'Sullivan and Cathal Browne scored
the Kanturk goals.

Kanturk U14's lost 3 2 at home to Leeds (Ballyvolane) and missed out on the
chance to ensure promotion. Kanturk were slow to get into the game and fell
behind early on and then went 2 down but Ronan O'Brien brought it back to 2 1 at
half time. A Leeds penalty early in the second half made it 3 1. Ciaran Boyce
smashed one off the crossbar, then sub Jack Bradley got another goal back but it
wasn't as a penalty in the last minute went wide of the goal.

Kanturk U16's kept up their push for promotion with a 7 1 demolition away to
Kinsale. Billy Brosnan hit a hat-trick, Gavin O'Sullivan got 2 1 each for Conor
Murphy and James Fitzpatrick. A controversial 1-0 defeat at home a few weeks ago
looks like it might cost Kanturk the title but they still have a great chance of
promotion. They can also still win if results go their way.

Kanturk B team finished the season with a bang when they won 4 0 away to
Knocknaheeny Celtic last Sunday morning. The highlight of this win was the 2
goals scored by Steven Guiney. The first was a volley from the edge of the box
and the second was a 60-yard run beating 3 or 4 players to rifle the ball to the
bottom corner of the net. James Saunders and Robert Wallace scored the other
goals.

The Kanturk AFC Annual Social will be held in the Kanturk Rugby Pavilion on
Saturday, May 28. Brogeen Rovers, the B team from the early 90's will be
honoured on the night. Music on the night will be by DJ Cal and tickets will
EUR20 each.

The Re-Organised over 40's charity match for the Francis Higgins Memorial Cup
will take place on Sunday, June 5, with the kick off at 3.30pm. All proceeds
from this game will go to Marymount Hospice in Cork. All players will have
sponsor cards so the club is asking for your support for this worthy cause.

Fixtures; Kanturk U11's at home to Kinsale on Saturday, May 14, kickoff at
10.30am. Kanturk U16's away to Bandon on Saturday, May 14, kick off at 10.30am.
Kanturk U13's away to Watergrasshill on Friday, May 20, kick off at 7.15pm.
CARERS LEGAL NIGHT: On Thursday, May 19 at 8pm the Duhallow Carers Group will
host a legal information night on issues effecting carers. The presentation will
be given by Michelle O'Mahony who is a solicitor with D.J. O'Meara and Sons in
Mallow. Topics being discussed will include guardianship, custody, inheritance
and living wills. The seminar will take place in the James O'Keeffe Institute,
Newmarket. Enquiries and registration to Louise at 029-60633. KANTURK FARMERS
MARKET: The Kanturk Farmers Market takes place each Thursday and Saturday from
10.30am until 2.30pm and is located at the rear of Twohigs Supervalu. A wide
variety of locally produced products are available including, Oven Roasted
Chickens (Saturday only), Fresh Fish from Castletownbere (Thursday only),
Homemade Bread and Cakes, Seasonal Vegetables, Free-range Eggs, Vegetable and
Fruit Plants and Homemade Jams.

New stallholders are welcome, for further information contact Katie at
029-60633.

OPEN AIR CONCERT AND DANCING: There will be an Open Air Concert and Dancing at
Star Trax Studio, Knocknagree on Sunday, May 15 from 2pm to 5.30pm featuring PJ
Murrihy, Joe Cooke, Danny O'Leary, Catriona O'Donovan, Pat Craven and Southern
Pride. There will also be an indoor Polka Set and Dancing on a timber floor.
Tony Coffey of Bachelors in Trouble will be your MC for the day. Admission will
be EUR10, children and students will be free.

BOWLING NEWS: Results from the Denis Horgan Bowling Club's Jackie Daly Shield
Competition, Eugene O'Sullivan and Donal Cullinane beat Tadgh Sexton and Sean
Moylan for the last shot and they beat Dean Sexton and Danny Murphy also for the
last shot.

Damien Leonard, John Breen and Kevin Healy beat Johnny O'Riordan, Liam Casey and
Ellen Sexton by a bowl of odds. Damien Leonard, John Breen and Kevin Healy beat
Johnny O'Riordan, Liam Casey and Ellen Sexton for the last shot. Dean Sexton,
Danny Murphy and Paddy O'Keeffe beat Maurice Cashman, Sean Moylan and Donal
Cullinane for the last shot.

John Cummins Shield, Donal Cullinane 3 points and Liam Casey 2 points.

North Cork Championship, at Sallys Cross, Novice B, Denis Murphy (Ballinagree)
beat Kevin Ruby Jnr. (Dromahane) by a bowl of odds. Novice C, John O'Sullivan
(Ballinagree) beat Dean Sexton (Banteer) by abowl of odds.

Club Score at Sallys Cross, Mike Kelleher (Macroom) beat Denis Hickey (Rathmore)
twice by a bowl of odds and for the last shot.

AT THE CINEMA: The Cosey Midiplex has a great line up of films for the coming
week. Showing nightly at 8.15pm from Friday, May 13, Cedar Rapids, Something
Borrowed (Romantic Comedy) and Scream 4 (16 cert) to Tuesday 17, starting on
Wednesday 18 Pirates of the Carribean. Saturday and Sunday at 3pm, Rio, Hop ---A
Turtle's Tale. Admission prices nightly shows EUR8 and matinees EUR5. To check
the Cosey's programme contact www.cosey.net OR

Text Cosey to 51444. KANTURK SOCCER CLUB LOTTO DRAW: There was no winner last
week of the Jackpot in the Kanturk Soccer Clubs weekly Lotto Draw. The numbers
drawn were 24, 43, 45, 12 and the Bonus Number was 34.

The winner of the bonus number draw was Shea O'Regan c/o Stephen. Lucky Dip
winners were Maire de Barra St Theresas Place, Richard O'Donovan Kilroe, E
Buckley Olivers Place, Philomena Moore Strand Street, Jacquline Sheehan c/o
Stephan O'Regan and Sheila Corbett Strand Street. Next weeks Jackpot will be
EUR2,500 and the draw will take place at The Park Bar. Kanturk Soccer Club
wishes to thank all those who support their weekly Lotto Draw.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       The Harrodsburg Herald (Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 3, 2014

MCFM Benefits Community;
GROWING HEALTHY FOOD FOR A HEALTHY ECONOMY

BYLINE: The Harrodsburg Herald staff

LENGTH: 538  words


The growing season is in full swing, and the Mercer County Farmer's Market
(MCFM), at its new home at the Mercer County Fairgrounds, has fresh produce
available for sale.

The MCFM is open Tuesday and Thursday from 4-7 p.m. and Saturday from 9 a.m.
until noon. Produce varies weekly and WIC and senior vouchers are accepted.

Farmer's markets can open the door to try new foods and recipes. The farmer's
market offer lesser known fruits and vegetables like rhubarb, along with the
garden staples, like potatoes and tomatoes. Growers oftentimes can offer
suggestions for preparation and storage of their locally grown produce. In
addition, they can provide education on how to pick the best produce.

Farmer's markets also provide an opportunity for children to learn where their
food comes from and be involved in making healthy food choices. Freshly picked
fruits and vegetables are full of antioxidants and phytonutrients and at their
peek in flavor.

Shopping at a farmer's market also helps support the network of local farmers
and helps build the local economy. It strengthens the community by keeping money
spent in the neighborhood.

"The MCFM gives part time farmers opportunity to diversify and be a part of the
agricultural community," said Linda McClanahan, County Extension Agent for
Agriculture and Natural Resources. "Farmers are able to buy and sell and support
each other."

Approximately 25 percent of MCFM members are retired. The market provides
financial and social benefits to this segment of their membership, "it helps
keep retired people active and gives them the opportunity to meet new people
each week," said McClanahan.

Some of the produce being sold at the MCFM includes: turnips, yellow squash,
zucchini, beets, onions, fried apple pies, potatoes, peas, cucumber, rhubarb,
cabbage and more.

"The farmer's market is important," said Linda Thompson, two-year veteran of the
program. "It helps people in town who can't grow a garden still have a chance to
get fresh produce."

The MCFM updates its Facebook page with information on what produce is in season
and available at www.Facebook com/MercerCounty-Farmers.

To become a member of the MCFM contact McClanahan at the Mercer County Extension
office (MCEO) at 734.4378. The membership fee is $45 and a one-day vendor pass
is available for $15 and will be applied toward a membership for the rest of the
market season.

Luci Hockersmith, County Extension Agent for Family and Consumer Sciences, will
be at the MCFM on July 10 providing product samples of the Kentucky Proud recipe
for a blackberry peach crumble (see recipe on page 5A).

Hockensmith will be providing food samples throughout the market season of
recipes consisting of produce available at the market. Members of MCFM selected
these recipes at the beginning of the growing season.

Instruction on how to can or freeze large quantities' of fresh produce are
available at the MCEO. They have step by step written instructions for
preserving specific produce and offer canning classes for home based canning.
They also do canner testing as part of their diagnostic services.

To sell canned goods such as jellies or salsa at the MCFM producers must
complete the home based microprocessor class offered by the MCEO.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HRB

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 The Harrodsburg Herald


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday

Free grant-writing workshops offered in Oklahoma

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION:

LENGTH: 234 words


STILLWATER - The Oklahoma Cooperative Extension Service is partnering with the
U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Regional Rural Development Centers to
offer free grant-writing workshops. Aimed at producers and business owners with
retail operations serving local and regional markets, the workshops are designed
to encourage applications to the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion federal
grant programs.Workshops will take place from 1 to 5 p.m. in Muskogee on March
24; Shawnee on April 1; Sayre on April 7; Norman on April 14; and Enid on April
15. To reserve a seat in one of the workshops, register online at
http://bit.ly/1CaKUO2. The goal of the workshops is to put interested businesses
and communities in position to successfully apply for grants that support local
and regional food initiatives, said Dave Shideler, Oklahoma State University
Cooperative Extension community development specialist.Workshop topics will
include developing an idea for a proposal, preparing a proposal, preparing an
application package and post-award management requirements. There also will be
discussions about estimating project costs, tools and strategies for assessing
the impact of a proposed project and evaluation criteria used by proposal
reviewers.Three different grants are available through the Farmers Market and
Local Food Promotion programs, ranging from $5,000 to $100,000.

From Staff Reports


LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday

Free grant-writing workshops offered in Oklahoma

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 234 words


STILLWATER - The Oklahoma Cooperative Extension Service is partnering with the
U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Regional Rural Development Centers to
offer free grant-writing workshops. Aimed at producers and business owners with
retail operations serving local and regional markets, the workshops are designed
to encourage applications to the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion federal
grant programs.Workshops will take place from 1 to 5 p.m. in Muskogee on March
24; Shawnee on April 1; Sayre on April 7; Norman on April 14; and Enid on April
15. To reserve a seat in one of the workshops, register online at
http://bit.ly/1CaKUO2. The goal of the workshops is to put interested businesses
and communities in position to successfully apply for grants that support local
and regional food initiatives, said Dave Shideler, Oklahoma State University
Cooperative Extension community development specialist.Workshop topics will
include developing an idea for a proposal, preparing a proposal, preparing an
application package and post-award management requirements. There also will be
discussions about estimating project costs, tools and strategies for assessing
the impact of a proposed project and evaluation criteria used by proposal
reviewers.Three different grants are available through the Farmers Market and
Local Food Promotion programs, ranging from $5,000 to $100,000.From Staff
Reports

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                             July 12, 2005, Tuesday

FRESH WELSHPRODUCE FOR THE FAMILYTABLE

BYLINE: BY STEVE DUBE WESTERN MAIL

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 325 words


The Women's Food and Farming Union wants to make it easier for people to get
fresh Welsh produce on to their tables. The WFU is teaming up with the Welsh
meat promotion agency Hybu Cig Cymru and Farmers' Markets at the Royal Welsh
Show on July 18-21to prove how easy it is to access quality and cut down on
wasteful food miles.

The union will be demonstrating a new website for Farmers' Markets in Wales and
producers selling direct to customers.

The site provides a central point and first port of call for anyone wishing to
find out details about the produce and producers at the various markets and
their products, as well as when and where the markets are held.

The site is in its early stages of development but has completed initial trials
at the Usk Farmers' Market and a demonstration at the Glamorgan WFU.

Stephen Shearman, a member of the development team, will be at the union's
showground base behind the main grandstand to demonstrate the site, assist
customers and help producers to register with the site.

Producers from other farmers' markets are now being invited to sign up.

'The team believes this will enhance the role of the markets and help small
producers in the further development of localised food systems,' said Mr
Shearman.

On Monday and Thursday morning at the show Elwen Roberts, the HCC developmental
chef and food economist, will demonstrate how easy it is to cook good and simple
meals using Welsh beef, lamb and other fresh local produce.

And throughout the show, WFU county groups will be showing the best of Welsh
produce from their areas.

Carmarthen is supporting Chris and Ann Rees with their superb Carmarthen Ham,
Glamorgan is showing seasonal vegetables from Brian Jeffries' farm in
Llanrhidian on the Gower, Ceredigion is supporting succulent local Welsh lamb
and Pembrokeshire will be backing its potatoes.

There will also be an opportunity to taste regional cheeses.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Western Mail and Echo Ltd


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                          September 27, 2007 Thursday

Community Calendar

BYLINE: OMR

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 614 words


Oroville Farmers' Market, 7:30 a.m. to noon at Montgomery and Myers streets,
Municipal Auditorium parking lot. Through Oct. 13.

PAWS, Promotion of Animal Welfare Society, has an information booth at the
Farmers' Market, 7:30 a.m. to noon at Montgomery and Myers streets.

Bolt Antique Tool Museum is a unique museum with more than 5,000 tools collected
by Carl (Bud) Bolt over a period of 49 years. Located at 1650 Broderick (by the
Chinese Temple). 9 a.m. until 3:45 p.m. Closed holidays. Admission $2. With
group tours welcome by appointment; morning or evening tours: 538-2528 or
533-3096p tours welcome by appointment 538-2528.

Oro Dam Flea Market, 1141 Oro Dam Blvd. West, Call 533-1324.

Butte County Historical Society Museum, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. corner of Baldwin and
Spencer streets. Admission by donation. 533-9418. Ehmann Home open by
appointment only, 533-5316.

Open Swim at the YMCA, 2-5 p.m. $1.50 for 1-2 and $3 13 and up.

Club Chaos, babysitting from 5-11. $6 per child. 6-9 p.m.

Adult swim, YMCA 1684 Robinson St. Adults only, 10 a.m-1p.m.

Multiple Sclerosis Support Group, 11 a.m to noon at Blueberry Twist. Call
Valerie at 589-0143.

EnergyWorks, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. REIKI energy therapy classes. Call for date,
place, fee. 533-9376.

North Valley Fibromyalgia Support Group, meets one Saturday, except
July-August-December, 10-11:30 a.m. Enloe Rehab, 340 W East Ave. Information:
332-3261.

Pioneer Museum, Montgomery Street, noon-4 p.m. Admission $2. Closed Dec. 15-Jan.
31.

Chinese Temple, 1500 Broderick. Noon to 4 p.m. Tour $2. Closed Dec. 15-Jan. 31.

Wine tasting & tours, Greyfox Winery, 9 Grey Fox Lane, noon to 5 p.m. Call
589-3920.

Saturday worship, come join our family in worship and song. Sabbath School
starts 9:30 a.m. at all levels including pre-school to young adult. Worship
Service starts 10:45 a.m. Seventh Day Adventist, 1180 Robinson Street, between
2nd & 3rd avenues

Lake Oroville Fellowship Alcoholics Anonymous, noon and 8 p.m., 2471 Bird St.
534-9960.

Narcotics Anonymous, 1640 Washington Ave., 7 p.m.

SUNDAY

Bolt Antique Tool Museum is a unique museum with more than 5,000 tools collected
by Carl (Bud) Bolt over a period of 49 years. Located at 1650 Broderick (by the
Chinese Temple). 11:45 a.m. until 3:45 p.m. Closed holidays. Admission $2. With
group tours welcome by appointment; morning or evening tours: 538-2528 or
533-3096.

Country breakfast, 7:30-10:30 a.m. at Moose 519, 1462 14th St. $5 adults and
$2.50 children. Open to members and guests.

Social meeting, 4:30 p.m., Cornucopia, 515 Montgomery St. Call 533-5255.

Melody Dance Club, Come dance the night away with live music 7:30-10 p.m. at the
Veterans Memorial Building, Paradise. The public is invited to attend. Call
533-5535.

Oro Dam Flea Market, 1141 Oro Dam Blvd. West, Call 533-1324.

Lott Home, tours of the historic Victorian mansion will be from 11:30 a.m.-3:30
p.m. Admission $2. Closed Dec. 15-Feb. 1.

Pioneer Museum, Montgomery Street, noon-4 p.m. Tour $2. Closed Dec. 15-Jan. 31.

Chinese Temple, 1500 Broderick. Tour $2. Noon-4 p.m. Closed Dec. 15-Jan. 31.

Wine tasting & tours, Greyfox Winery, 9 Grey Fox Lane, noon to 5 p.m. Call
589-3920.

Basketball, volleyball, Municipal Auditorium, 4-6 p.m. $1.

Feather River Nature Center, open 12:15-4:15 p.m. until end of September.

Lake Oroville Fellowship Alcoholics Anonymous, noon and 8 p.m., 2471 Bird St.
534-9960.

Narcotics Anonymous, 7 p.m., 1640 Washington Ave.

Nicotine Anonymous, 12-step program, 6 p.m. St. Nichole Episcopal Church, 5872
Olive Road, Paradise. Call 877-5203.

Oroville Eagles Steak Breakfast, 7:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. at the Eagles Hall,
2010 Montgomery St. Ham or chicken fried steak and trimmings. Adults $5 and
children under 12, $3.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

Maryland: Maryland Announces Funding for Fruits and Vegetables Crops

LENGTH: 601  words

DATELINE: New York



 Annapolis:  The State of Maryland has issued the following news release:



   The Maryland Department of Agriculture today announced the recipients of over
$376,000 in federal grants that will fund projects designed to enhance the
competitiveness of specialty crops in Maryland. Specialty crops are defined as
fruits, vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits, horticulture, and nursery crops.
Funding for the grants came through the U.S. Department of Agriculture Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program, which was authorized in the 2014 Farm Bill.





 "We are pleased to announce awardees of the Maryland Specialty Crop Block Grant
Program. The 2014 Farm Bill provided significant grant funding dedicated to
specialty crops to become available," said Maryland Secretary of Agriculture Joe
Bartenfelder "These funds are a great opportunity to help farmers and
value-added producers advance and promote local specialty crops in the
marketplace and spark new markets, healthy eating, and job creation."



 The department created a competitive grant process with a review committee to
award these federal funds. The following is a snapshot of the funded projects:



 Chesapeake Farm to Table - $18,584 - Develop a low-cost, shared infrastructure
system for post-harvest handling and storage of winter crops to help expand
sales to restaurants.



 Grow & Fortify - $28,071 - Develop a state and county-level regulatory matrix
that will provide an outline of the permits and processes required for specialty
crop producers to sell and market raw and value-added agricultural products.



 Maryland Department of Agriculture - $254,051



     Continue to strengthen consumer awareness of local specialty crops and
connect specialty crop farmers with markets through seasonal promotions of
Maryland specialty crops via mass media; MarylandsBest.net; direct partnerships
with Maryland specialty crop associations such as the Mar-Del Watermelon
Association, Maryland Cut Flowers Association, and Maryland Apple Promotion
Board; and other strategic promotional avenues - $107,952;

     Continue to mitigate specialty crop food safety risks by providing
training, certification of compliance with food safety practices, cost-share,
and technical assistance to specialty crop producers and packers transitioning
from voluntary food safety programs, USDA Good Agricultural Practices and Good
Handling Practices,  to be in compliance with the Food Safety Modernization Act
Produce Safety Rule - $130,884; and

     Perform pre-award and post-award activities to administer Specialty Crop
Block Grant Program funding and ensure that the State Agency and sub-awardees
abide by Federal and State requirements and regulations - $15,215.



 Maryland Horticultural Society - $15,000 - "Reach for the Peach" education
program and campaign will create a social media platform and marketing toolbox
for peach growers to use during the season to increase consumer awareness of
locally produced peaches for the retail and farmers market segments.



 University of Maryland - $30,640 - Create new recommendations for small fruit
growers to sustainably manage spotted wing drosophila in red raspberries through
the evaluation of on-farm management practices (i.e. carrier water volume,
sprayer type, and canopy density).



 USDA announced over $62.5 million in specialty crops grants to U.S. states and
territories that will support 693 initiatives across the country to strengthen
markets and expand economic opportunities for local and regional producers.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                            November 28, 2014 Friday

Farmers' markets for every province

LENGTH: 148  words


Five new farmers' markets were officially opened Friday, pilot projects under
the Agriculture and Cooperatives Ministry's plan to open a direct marketing
channel for farmers in every province by the end of this year.

The first five provinces are Chiang Rai, Uttaradit, Mukdahan, Nakhon Nayok and
Trang.

Agriculture and Cooperatives Minister Pitipong Phuengboon Na Ayudhaya said about
70 markets had been operating informally for some time. The Office of
Agricultural Economics had constantly evaluated their performance.

Olarn Pitak, directorgeneral of Cooperatives Promotion Department, said informal
weekly farmers' markets generated 50,000 to 100,000 baht in sales in each week,
or 184.8 to 396.6 million baht a year.

The new markets in these five provinces will offer a variety of products
vegetables, fruit, fish and consumer goods, so the department expected their
popularity will grow.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                           September 7, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Food grown close to home is close enough

BYLINE: owen roberts

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 616  words


Have you seen the new grocery store advertising promotion called Grown Close To
Home?

I have, and I like it. It's clever. In the store, it's remarkably simple,
distinguished by bold signage emphasizing the words Grown and Home, while
minimizing Close and To. My mind's eye tends to turn these words over and read
Home Grown, which may be the campaign creator's intent. If so, it's effective at
making you think what you're buying is homegrown, whatever that means.

I think this is an attempt to capitalize on consumers' zeal for local food,
without actually using the L word.

And that's good business. Local food has taken on a life of its own. Farmers'
Markets Ontario says 14 new markets opened in the province this year, and while
hard numbers aren't in yet, shopper traffic appears to be up. Nothing says local
food like farmers' markets.

I've said before I support local food. I question some of the claims, including
the implication that anything not grown within 100 miles of home is inferior or
damages the environment. But there's definitely a perception that local food is
better, and right now, as fresh fruit and vegetables are coming off
close-to-home fields and orchards and the taste is incredible, it's tough to
refute the suggestion that local is better.

Close to home is close enough for anyone who believes local food is better food.
After all, close is a matter of interpretation. I don't know the dividing line
between close, and local; it's probably in our minds rather than on the harsh
lines of a map. If you live in Guelph, local probably means Wellington County.
But what's "close"? Bruce-Grey? The Holland Marsh? The Niagara area? They're a
lot closer than major fruit and vegetable growing regions in the U.S., for
example, but if you told someone you lived "close" to Goderich or Bradford or
Jordan Station, they'd get the wrong picture.

From a buzz perspective, local is the new organic, without actually being
organic. Interpretation is something that's dogged the organic sector for years,
when the definition of organic was vague and unofficial. That meant consumers
were never assured true organic techniques were used to grow whatever was being
sold as organic. Eventually, the sector realized this was limiting its potential
and got together with Ottawa to create standards. That was a milestone.

The sector took another step forward last week when the federal government
announced it was dedicating about $6 million for what it calls efficient and
profitable organic food production practice research. The announcement was made
at the Nova Scotia Agricultural College, in Truro, which has worked hard to
establish itself as Canada's go-to institution for organic production.

According to Ottawa, research will focus on soil fertility, grain cropping,
greenhouse production and food processing. Whatever new knowledge is created
could be useful to the conventional sector too.

As well, says Ottawa, researchers will help develop a recognizable, high-quality
brand, to help establish Canada as a leader in organic production and help
farmers expand their businesses. This will certainly help promote standards
across the industry.

Research helps solve problems. At the University of Guelph and elsewhere,
studies are underway to deepen the understanding of local food. It would be
great to see it treated with the same gravity as the organic sector-local food
has a much larger reach and affects more farmers and consumers.

It deserves a thorough look, and I'm sure farmers who are local, close to home
to even far away would agree. Efforts to keep the local food momentum going are
vital, not only for their bottom line but for generating interest in agriculture
overall.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             April 28, 2013 Sunday

Ag experts hope farmers' market law helps small growers

BYLINE: Megan Hart.

megan.hart@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 567 words


A new law to aid farmers markets could provide a boost to Kansas production,
some agriculture experts said.

The Kansas Farmer's Market Promotion Act creates a registry of farmers markets
around the state through the Kansas Department of Agriculture. Registration is
voluntary and free of charge.

The law allows the Department of Agriculture to apply for grants to create or
promote farmers markets, which can include markets that are part of a short-term
festival and roadside stands that sell produce, meats and other farm products
directly to the public.

Paul Johnson, policy adviser for the Kansas Rural Center, said he hopes the
Department of Agriculture will invest in training for people who want to start
farmers markets. Other ways the state could support markets would be to allow
them to accept funds from the federal food assistance and Women, Infants and
Children programs, he said.

The Department of Agriculture said from 1987 to 2012 the number of farmers
markets in Kansas increased from 26 to 118. Johnson said he sees potential for
more growth, since the average Kansan spends about $250 on fruits and vegetables
each year, but only about 4 percent of that goes toward produce grown in the
state.

"We think there's tremendous potential," he said.

Many farmers markets also sell meat from small producers, Johnson said, so
encouraging farmers markets to open or expand will help both the producers and
small meat plants in Kansas. About 90 plants around the state prepare small
amounts of meat, he said, and 42 of those package it for sale. Increasing the
number of sales from small producers at markets would make the producers and the
small plants more secure in a meat industry dominated by large companies, he
said.

The law also addresses liability for farmers markets. Shoppers and sellers would
be assigned the risk of injury from participating in registered markets, meaning
it would be more difficult for them to sue the market operator if they were hurt
and sickened there. Market operators still would be liable if someone were hurt
because of the market operator's intentional misconduct, or if the operator knew
the facilities, equipment or animals at the market were dangerous and failed to
warn the participants, leading them to be injured.

Those protections would apply to the market as a whole, not to vendors within
the market, Department of Agriculture spokeswoman Mary Geiger said.

"For example, if a vendor sells a product containing salmonella and a consumer
gets sick, this liability protection does not protect the vendor from
liability," she said.

Anthony Randles, who works with the Kansas Department of Health and Environment
and manages the Midweek Farmers Market, said the liability coverage could
provide a boost to groups that want to start a market but don't know how to
handle legal affairs.

"It's a good thing, probably, for markets that are just getting started," he
said.

Randles said the Midweek Farmers Market has already registered with the
Department of Agriculture. It is held Wednesday mornings from May 15 through
Oct. 23 on the south side of the Capitol grounds.

Betty Lane, who manages the Downtown Topeka Farmers Market, was less sure about
whether that market would join and said she would need to discuss that decision
with the market board. The downtown market meets Saturday mornings from April to
November in a parking lot at S.W. 12th and Harrison.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                              July 2, 2010 Friday

Ffresh food market opens in Cardiff Bay

BYLINE: Hannah Waldramguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 291 words

ABSTRACT

Two new markets run by the Riverside Market People will open in the city today

FULL TEXT

Today the first ffresh farmers' market will open in Cardiff Bay by the people
from Cardiff's popular Riverside Market.

Running throughout the summer months at the Wales Millennium Centre and Senedd
in Cardiff Bay, the new market will run every Friday from 4-8pm and offer
locally grown produce including fresh meat, veg, bread, Welsh cheeses and
homemade cakes, cupcakes and waffles.

The idea for the market came from manager of ffresh restaurant, Barnaby Hibbert,
who approached the Riverside Community Market Association (RCMA).

Steve Garrett, chair of RCMA, said:

"For some time we've wanted to set up a market in Cardiff Bay, so I was
delighted when Barnaby got in touch. "We are excited about the opportunity of
working with ffresh restaurant which is making a commitment to sourcing local
produce.

"It's appropriate that the first market we have run on a Friday is on the
doorstep of the Welsh Assembly Government, which has made such a commitment to
sustainability and the promotion of Welsh produce."

Also this morning, a trial farmers' market in Rhiwbina will take place at
10.30am outside the Butchers Arms pub - with plans to develop it into a regular
fixture.

Garrett added:

"Many products at the market are cheaper than, or competitive, with similar food
items at supermarkets. The other big difference of course is that all the food
at a Farmers Market is locally produced and has very little packaging, if any.
And on quality - well, make up your own mind - when you taste the difference. I
hope customers will support the local economy, enjoy the best of local food, and
do their bit for the environment - I call it the 'Fair Taste' movement!"

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            April 13, 2006 Thursday
                                 SVoice Edition

Market, Art Walk planned in Cheney

BYLINE: Luella Dow Correspondent

SECTION: S; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 248 words


Cheney's Pathways To Progress is busy behind the scenes with plans for another
combined Farmers' Market and Art Walk this summer.

The weekly Farmers' Market, which opens June 2 on College Avenue, has become
increasingly popular with Cheney residents who like to browse among the
varieties of produce and other items for sale.

"We are crafting an application letter inviting more potential vendors to
participate," said Execuive Director Charlie Dotson.

In 2005, the first Art Walk, a two-day event, was held in conjunction with the
Farmers' Market.

This year it is scheduled for June 9 and 10.

Mayor Alan Gainer will speak at the kickoff gathering at the Farmers' Market.

During the two-day Art Walk businesses may invite artists, musicians, writers
and performers into their stores to visit and display their crafts and talents.

The name of the artist for the day at each store will be posted at the store's
entrance.

"The festival draws people to downtown Cheney," said Sharon Pryor, a member of
Pathways To Progress and owner of Art 2 0.

"Last year we had an attendance of several hundred and expect more this year.
Business participation has doubled.

Cheney's Stage West Theatre Director Jan Hamilton said, "We plan to perform
skits from one of our productions during the festival.

"We probably will choose 'The Butler Did It' by Peter and Walter Marks."

Businesses will present special advertisements, donations and promotions.

Musicians may also add a soundtrack to the event.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


              The Northern Star and Rural Weekly (New South Wales)

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday

things to do;
The Northern Star top 10

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 777  words


Markets

Saturday:

Lismore Farmers Market, Lismore Showground.

Uki Farmers market every Saturday morning.

Blue Knob Farmers Market, 719 Blue Knob Rd, Lillian Rock.

Bangalow Farmers Market, 1 Byron St, Bangalow

Byron Flea Market, Gilmore Cr, Byron Bay

Woodburn Market, Riverside Park, Woodburn

Kingscliff Beachside Market, Marine Pde, Kingscliff

Maclean Community Market, main car park near the Maclean Bowling Club.

Sunday:

The Plateau Markets, Alstonville Showgrounds, from 8am.

Lennox Head Market, Williams Reserve, Park Lane.

The Channon Craft Market, Coronation Park, The Channon.

Missingham Bridge Markets, Missingham Bridge, Kingsford Dr, Ballina

1. Bangalow Music Festival:The Bangalow Music Festival returns presented by the
Southern Cross Soloists. The festival features the highest calibre chamber and
orchestral musicians from around the world. Bangalow Music Festival will be held
Friday, Saturday and Sunday in Bangalow. The event's line up includes Southern
Cross Soloists, opera superstar baritone Teddy Tahu Rhodes (picture above),
violin virtuoso Ilya Konovalov, the concertmaster of the Israel Philharmonic and
ABC Classic FM presenter Damien Beaumont. For details visit
www.southernxsoloists.com

2. Westpac Life Saver Rescue Helicopter Open Day:The open day is full of fun
activities for the whole family including winch rides, face painting and a
jumping castle for kids. There will also be a visit from the NBN Big Dog and an
NRL pass-the-ball promotion. At the helibase, 60 Brunswick St, Lismore, on
Saturday from 9am to 1.30pm.

3. Free Cultural Day - Respecting Bundjalung Nation:To celebrate the
International Day of The World's Indigenous People (officially on August 9), a
Cultural Day will be held to pay respect and to learn about the Bundjalung
Nation.At Tyalgum this Saturday from 10.30am. For details visit www.anap.com.au/

4. My House Party:If you are up for a boogie this Saturday night, the
Mullumbimby Leagues Club is your place to be. DJ Stephen Allkins will have the
crowd getting down with their best dance moves at the popular My House event.
This time all profits raised will contribute to the inaugural Northern Rivers
LGBTIAQ and Youth Social, organised by Byron Youth Theatre. The evening kicks
off at 3pm and will go through to 11pm.

5. Rous Public School Bonfire and Fireworks Night:This will be the school's 37th
annual Bonfire and Fireworks night. The family event is the major fundraiser for
the P&C with 100% of the profits being funnelled back into the school. The event
will culminate with a fireworks display. At Rous Public School, Rous, this
Saturday from 5pm.

6. Songs for Release:After returning from two international tours, Northern
Rivers singer songwriter Tom Francis has teamed up with a group of local
musicians to bring an evening of acoustic music and poetry. Francis will be
joined by local musician Elena B Williams and Brisbane duo Denzil and Efrim
Aumua. The evening is inspired by the story of the Yaran, a group of Baha'is in
Iran who are currently imprisoned for their faith. At the Lennox Head Community
Centre Auditorium, Mackney Lane, Lennox Head, this Saturday from 7.30pm. Free
entry.

7. Tim Stoke's EP launch: In Life Thou Art is Tim Stokes new EP. The Byron Bay
artist's latest release is an uplifting coastal folk and soulful blues
collection. Stokes hosts a smooth, powerful voice, writing and delivering folk
and blues songs which range from soft heart-felt ballads to raspy, energetic,
shake-your-booty tunes. At the Byron Theatre this Saturday from 8pm. $18. Show
plus CD $25.

8. Shelly Brown at the Northern Rivers Community Gallery: Lennox Head's Shelly
Brown and her jazz band will perform original songs at the Northern Rivers
Community Gallery on Sunday, from 4pm to 7pm. The Music in the Gallery event
will raise money to allow the gallery to fund visits of touring exhibitions. The
gallery is located at 44 Cherry St, Ballina. Tickets cost $40 and are available
from www.nrcgballina.com.au.

9. Motorkite Dreaming documentaryscreening: Motorkite Dreaming is the ultimate
adventure story. It follows two friends Aidan and Daryl, and their fiances Lexi
and Elsie on a 4,000km journey, across five deserts, flying from Adelaide to
Broome across Australia on micro light planesAt the Byron Theatre on Tuesday,
August 16, from 6pm. $25.

10. Elvis to the Max: Starring Max Pellicano in The King in Concert. Elvis
Presley was one of the most important figures of 20th Century's pop culture. A
cultural icon, widely known by the single name Elvis, who is often referred to
as the King of Rock'n'Roll or simply The King. At the Ballina RSL Club on
Thursday, August 18, doors open 7.15pm. Show from 8pm. $55.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LNS


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             April 12, 1992, Sunday

Mutual admiration society

BYLINE: By Susan Puckett STAFF WRITERfood; personalities; reviews; recipes;
entertainment; awards; government; south

SECTION: DIXIE LIVING; Section M; Page 1

LENGTH: 329 words


They met during the 1990 Southern Food Festival, when Mr. Peacock was enlisted
as Ms. Lewis's assistant.

"He met me at the train station and we cooked for three days straight," Ms.
Lewis recalls.

From their first trip to Harry's Farmers Market to pick produce together, she
sensed he was special. "He's so pure! If he has to do a special meal, he will
shop all over the country for the very best ingredients he can get. And to do
Southern food properly, sometimes that's what it takes."

Then they became pen pals. Like a good stock, the relationship has taken time to
develop. Both are shy and find self-promotion a struggle.

They seem to find it much easier to tout the other one than themselves. She
calls him "a genius." He calls her "brilliant . . . and so unspeakably generous
with her time with me."

Despite their differences in age and background, Mr. Peacock and Ms. Lewis
pledge their loyalty to the basics of Southern cooking: fresh, farm- ripe
ingredients coupled with common-sense ingenuity.

"I am a product of a different time - but at the same time, Ms. Lewis is
amazingly hip; she's come up with some pretty innovative things," Mr. Peacock
says.

When they cook together, they often start with an old Southern recipe "as a
point of departure," then challenge themselves to make it better.

"Edna is the first person to teach me about guavas; she makes a low- pectin
jelly out of them that's almost like a syrup," Mr. Peacock says.

Native to tropical America, these sweet, reddish, pear-shaped fruits now
flourish in South Florida. Ms. Lewis discovered them in a New York produce bin
and became intoxicated by their perfume.

Flipping through a Southern cookbook from 1812, they ran across a recipe for
guava dumplings. "But the dumplings sounded too heavy," he says. "So instead we
made cream biscuits. While they were still hot from the oven, I split them and
poured that guava syrup over them along with some cream."

The outcome: "Ethereal."

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Scott Peacock, former chef at the Governor's Mansion, has
joined forces with Edna Lewis, granddaughter of a freed slave, to revive
Southern cooking. / Photographs by W.A. Bridges Jr. / Staff Color Photo: Edna
Lewis and Scott Peacock met at the 1990 Southern Food Festival. "We cooked for
three days straight," Ms. Lewis says.

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            April 18, 2012 Wednesday

The Time Is Ripe: Spring brings green garlic for National Garlic Month

BYLINE: By Vince Scalise Columnist

SECTION: MY TOWN; Central Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 394 words


Spring is upon us. Soft rains in March were a much-needed blessing for
California's farmers.

Newly arrived at the farmers market are organic artichokes, spring peas, fava
beans, and green garlic (April is National Garlic Month) from J&M Farm,
delicious asparagus from Cecchini&Cecchini, and organic leafy spring greens from
Nuñez Farm.

Citrus is still available from Diaz Farm and plump juicy strawberries from
Cortez Farms. Gorgeous spring flowers are abundant at Sunrise Nursery, and fresh
eggs come from Great Valley Poultry.

Don't forget to stop by the market at lunchtime for freshly prepared gourmet
treats like Meyer's sausage sandwiches from Meyer's, tamales from Tamales
Claudia, and delicious Middle Eastern bolani stuffed with good things from East
West Gourmet.

There are flaky croissants at Le Croissant Bakery for your holiday brunches,
sweet local honey from Diablo Creek Apiary, and fresh jams, preserves, and nuts
from Fontana Farms for any time of day.

There's something for everyone at the farmers market!

Great news! The Thursday evening Concord farmers market opens for the season
April 26. As you know, due to funding losses, most of the Todos Santos Plaza
community events were nearly canceled for 2012, including the Music and Market
series. But all is not lost.

A gala fundraiser was held for music lovers across the area who appreciate
Concord's popular music series and community events in Todos Santos Plaza. In
addition, donations can be made to support the music program by sending a check
to: TSBA, and mailed to City of Concord Music Donation, 1950 Parkside Drive, MS
1B, Concord, CA 94519.

So come out and support your local farmers market and support your local music
series by donating whatever you can. Thank you.

Farmers markets are open rain or shine.

The Concord farmers market is from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Tuesdays, year-round, and
from 4 to 8 p.m. Thursdays from April 26-Oct. 25, at Todos Santos Plaza, at
Willow Pass Road and Grant Street.

The Clayton farmers market is from 8 a.m. to noon Saturdays, May 12-Oct. 27, on
Diablo Street between Main and Center streets. Visitwww.pcfma.com or call
800-949-FARM (800-949-3276).

The Time is Ripe is a monthly column written by Vince Scalise, market operations
manager, and Debra Morris, promotions coordinator, for the Pacific Coast
Farmers' Market Association. Contact them atmrcarrot@pcfma.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            April 18, 2012 Wednesday

The Time Is Ripe: Spring brings green garlic for National Garlic Month

BYLINE: By Vince Scalise Columnist

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 394 words


Spring is upon us. Soft rains in March were a much-needed blessing for
California's farmers.

Newly arrived at the farmers market are organic artichokes, spring peas, fava
beans, and green garlic (April is National Garlic Month) from J&M Farm,
delicious asparagus from Cecchini&Cecchini, and organic leafy spring greens from
Nuñez Farm.

Citrus is still available from Diaz Farm and plump juicy strawberries from
Cortez Farms. Gorgeous spring flowers are abundant at Sunrise Nursery, and fresh
eggs come from Great Valley Poultry.

Don't forget to stop by the market at lunchtime for freshly prepared gourmet
treats like Meyer's sausage sandwiches from Meyer's, tamales from Tamales
Claudia, and delicious Middle Eastern bolani stuffed with good things from East
West Gourmet.

There are flaky croissants at Le Croissant Bakery for your holiday brunches,
sweet local honey from Diablo Creek Apiary, and fresh jams, preserves, and nuts
from Fontana Farms for any time of day.

There's something for everyone at the farmers market!

Great news! The Thursday evening Concord farmers market opens for the season
April 26. As you know, due to funding losses, most of the Todos Santos Plaza
community events were nearly canceled for 2012, including the Music and Market
series. But all is not lost.

A gala fundraiser was held for music lovers across the area who appreciate
Concord's popular music series and community events in Todos Santos Plaza. In
addition, donations can be made to support the music program by sending a check
to: TSBA, and mailed to City of Concord Music Donation, 1950 Parkside Drive, MS
1B, Concord, CA 94519.

So come out and support your local farmers market and support your local music
series by donating whatever you can. Thank you.

Farmers markets are open rain or shine.

The Concord farmers market is from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Tuesdays, year-round, and
from 4 to 8 p.m. Thursdays from April 26-Oct. 25, at Todos Santos Plaza, at
Willow Pass Road and Grant Street.

The Clayton farmers market is from 8 a.m. to noon Saturdays, May 12-Oct. 27, on
Diablo Street between Main and Center streets. Visitwww.pcfma.com or call
800-949-FARM (800-949-3276).

The Time is Ripe is a monthly column written by Vince Scalise, market operations
manager, and Debra Morris, promotions coordinator, for the Pacific Coast
Farmers' Market Association. Contact them atmrcarrot@pcfma.com .

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                October 25, 1999

EASTERN MARKET PLAN NEARING COMPLETION

BYLINE: ARTHUR BRIDGEFORTH JR.

SECTION: News; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 779 words


A development plan to improve and better promote Detroit's historic Eastern
Market is close to being completed.

James Marusich, a development specialist for the city's Planning and Development
Department, said he hopes a plan can be presented to the city council and Mayor
Dennis Archer early next month.

The Eastern Market Commission earlier this year commissioned the
Philadelphia-based Project for Public Spaces to help develop a plan for the
market. Project for Public Spaces, a nonprofit organization, specializes in
developing plans for public markets such as Eastern Market.

Marusich said the Project for Public Spaces plan will be used as the basis for
an overall master plan for the Eastern Market area.

Three weeks ago, Archer was on hand for the rededication of the Gratiot Central
Market, which reopened last year.

Ed Deeb, president of the Eastern Market Merchants Association, is happy with
the rebirth of the Gratiot Central Market. However, he said he is concerned with
the slow pace of progress on a plan to improve the entire Eastern Market.

Deeb said Eastern Market, located off Gratiot just east of I-75 downtown, should
be one of Detroit's prominent tourist and entertainment destinations.

''We're trying to build Eastern Market to be a six-day-a-week entertainment
district,'' said Deeb, president of the Eastern Market Merchants Association.
''This is part of our goal, to bring more specialty shops; we'd like to (add) a
food court ... bring more restaurants, more entertainment.''

Deeb said he wants to form an Eastern Market Authority, which would bring the
farmers and private merchants together to control their destinies. Currently,
association members rely on a $12,000 budget to do their own marketing and
promotion. The radio spots and newspaper ads are designed to get customers to
explore the market during the week.

Deeb said such an authority could use money generated by the city from the
farmers market to promote the entire area.

The city owns the stalls used for the weekend farmers market. Revenue generated
from the stalls goes to the general fund. Jesse Henderson, market supervisor for
Eastern Market, said the city generates between $650,000 to $700,000 in sales
annually. It has about 300 stalls available. Most stalls lease for about $1,000
per year.

Marusich said the city and the Eastern Market Commission are on the same page
with Deeb. The Eastern Market Commission is made up of merchants within the
Eastern Market area, including retailers, flower growers, wholesalers, property
owners and the city.

Among the objectives for Eastern Market:

Expand and attract more participation for the farmers market to include minority
farmers, more produce and new vendors and increase days and hours of operation.

Plan a reorganization of Eastern Market Area sponsorship and operation through a
public authority or nonprofit development corporation.

Increase and improve business climate, increase the number of private businesses
surrounding the public market.

Improve physical structures and environment for shoppers, farmers and merchants
while preserving the authentic character of the historic market.

Create a plan for a three-year operational budget that includes promotion of
the market.

Robert Heide, president of the Rocky Peanut Co. in Eastern Market, said he
thinks the plans being developed by the Project for Public Spaces have an
excellent chance of happening.

However, the main challenge is getting a consensus. ''The key thing is the
overall area,'' Heide said. ''If the whole area benefits, the individual owner
benefits.''

Mark Canvasser, executive vice president for Farmington Hills-based Steuer &
Canvasser Inc., which manages the Gratiot Central Market, said that more
marketing and advertising would give Eastern Market a boost.

The new 50,000-square-foot market has 17 tenants. It has room for four more.

Some merchants in the area remain frustrated with past unfulfilled promises to
improve the market.

Hector Sossi, owner of the Roma Caf , has been in the market for 62 years. He is
a fan of Deeb's efforts. But he wonders whether those efforts will become
reality.

''I'd be very much surprised if something would happen,'' the 78-year-old Sossi
said.

Sossi's daughter Janet Sossi Belcoure, co-owner of the restaurant, hasn't given
up hope. ''Everybody is very quick to say Eastern Market is the jewel of
Detroit,'' Sossi Belcoure said. ''But nobody has polished the jewel.''

Arthur Bridgeforth Jr. covers retailing, utilities and western Wayne, Washtenaw
and Livingston counties. He can be reached at (313) 446-0417 or
ABridgef@crain.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Crain Communications, Inc.


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Western Daily Press

                                October 28, 1999

Fair is backing British meat

SECTION: News, Pg.5

LENGTH: 111 words


THE promotion of British beef and lamb will be on the agenda at the Bath and
West Winter Fair at the Shepton Mallet showground on November 25.

The Fair will include a demonstration of how farmers are responding to consumer
needs by rearing animals which meet demands for meatier and leaner animals.

In addition, Poll Dorset sheep will be paraded to show how breeding with rams
with specific characteristics produces lambs with more saleable meat.

Other attractions include a huge range of produce at the Farmers' Market, which
promises to be the biggest of its kind in the West, a meet the animals feature
and craft and cookery demonstrations.


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 1999 Bristol United Press


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                            October 4, 2007 Thursday

Community Calendar

BYLINE: OMR

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 761 words


SATURDAY

Oroville Farmers' Market, 7:30 a.m. to noon at Montgomery and Myers streets,
Municipal Auditorium parking lot. Through Oct. 13.

PAWS, Promotion of Animal Welfare Society, has an information booth at the
Farmers' Market, 7:30 a.m. to noon at Montgomery and Myers streets.

Bolt Antique Tool Museum is a unique museum with more than 5,000 tools collected
by Carl (Bud) Bolt over a period of 49 years. Located at 1650 Broderick (by the
Chinese Temple). 9 a.m. until 3:45 p.m. Closed holidays. Admission $2. With
group tours welcome by appointment; morning or evening tours: 538-2528 or
533-3096p tours welcome by appointment 538-2528.

Oro Dam Flea Market, 1141 Oro Dam Blvd. West, Call 533-1324.

Butte County Historical Society Museum, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. corner of Baldwin and
Spencer streets. Admission by donation. 533-9418. Ehmann Home open by
appointment only, 533-5316.

Open Swim at the YMCA, 2-5 p.m. $1.50 for 1-2 and $3 13 and up.

Club Chaos, babysitting from 5-11. $6 per child. 6-9 p.m.

Adult swim, YMCA 1684 Robinson St. Adults only, 10 a.m-1p.m.

Multiple Sclerosis Support Group, 11 a.m to noon at Blueberry Twist. Call
Valerie at 589-0143.

EnergyWorks, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. REIKI energy therapy classes. Call for date,
place, fee. 533-9376.

North Valley Fibromyalgia Support Group, meets one Saturday, except
July-August-December, 10-11:30 a.m. Enloe Rehab, 340 W East Ave. Information:
332-3261.

Pioneer Museum, Montgomery Street, noon-4 p.m. Admission $2. Closed Dec. 15-Jan.
31.

Chinese Temple, 1500 Broderick. Noon to 4 p.m. Tour $2. Closed Dec. 15-Jan. 31.

Wine tasting & tours, Greyfox Winery, 9 Grey Fox Lane, noon to 5 p.m. Call
589-3920.

Saturday worship, come join our family in worship and song. Sabbath School
starts 9:30 a.m. at all levels including pre-school to young adult. Worship
Service starts 10:45 a.m. Seventh Day Adventist, 1180 Robinson Street, between
2nd & 3rd avenues

Lake Oroville Fellowship Alcoholics Anonymous, noon and 8 p.m., 2471 Bird St.
534-9960.

Narcotics Anonymous, 1640 Washington Ave., 7 p.m.

Berry Creek Grange breakfast, 7:30-9:30 a.m., 1477 Bald Rock Road.

Cowboy breakfast, Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 1747, 1901 Elgin St. 7:30-11:30
a.m. Donation is $5. Call 589-4786 or 534-9538.

Feather River Senior Citizens Association meets 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at 1335 Myers
St. Potluck lunch, socialization, bingo. 533-4303.

Bingo, 1:30-4:30 p.m. at the Alano Club, 2471 Bird St. Cost is $5 for 10 games
or 25¢ per card.

Traditional Dance Club, 8 p.m.to midnight at VFW Hall, 1901 Elgin Street.
Singles and couples. This is an open dance to the music of Country Tradition.
playing country and classic rock. Non-members $7. Call 898-9669.

Childbirth classes, Better Babies Prenatal Center and Oroville Hospital will
host a series of childbirth preparation classes, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Call 538-3105
and to register, 532-8640. (EVERY OTHER MONTH BEGINNING WITH JANUARY)

Pinochle card party, Rebekah/Oddfellows Hall, 1472 Oliver St. Enjoy your
birthday with Rebekah's lunch and cake at 11 a.m. followed by cards at noon.
Come, we need you. Kathy Logan 533-6750.

SUNDAY

Bolt Antique Tool Museum is a unique museum with more than 5,000 tools collected
by Carl (Bud) Bolt over a period of 49 years. Located at 1650 Broderick (by the
Chinese Temple). 11:45 a.m. until 3:45 p.m. Closed holidays. Admission $2. With
group tours welcome by appointment; morning or evening tours: 538-2528 or
533-3096.

Country breakfast, 7:30-10:30 a.m. at Moose 519, 1462 14th St. $5 adults and
$2.50 children. Open to members and guests.

Social meeting, 4:30 p.m., Cornucopia, 515 Montgomery St. Call 533-5255.

Melody Dance Club, Come dance the night away with live music 7:30-10 p.m. at the
Veterans Memorial Building, Paradise. The public is invited to attend. Call
533-5535.

Oro Dam Flea Market, 1141 Oro Dam Blvd. West, Call 533-1324.

Lott Home, tours of the historic Victorian mansion will be from 11:30 a.m.-3:30
p.m. Admission $2. Closed Dec. 15-Feb. 1.

Pioneer Museum, Montgomery Street, noon-4 p.m. Tour $2. Closed Dec. 15-Jan. 31.

Chinese Temple, 1500 Broderick. Tour $2. Noon-4 p.m. Closed Dec. 15-Jan. 31.

Wine tasting & tours, Greyfox Winery, 9 Grey Fox Lane, noon to 5 p.m. Call
589-3920.

Basketball, volleyball, Municipal Auditorium, 4-6 p.m. $1.

Feather River Nature Center, open 12:15-4:15 p.m. until end of September.

Lake Oroville Fellowship Alcoholics Anonymous, noon and 8 p.m., 2471 Bird St.
534-9960.

Narcotics Anonymous, 7 p.m., 1640 Washington Ave.

Nicotine Anonymous, 12-step program, 6 p.m. St. Nichole Episcopal Church, 5872
Olive Road, Paradise. Call 877-5203.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                           October 18, 2007 Thursday

Community Calendar

BYLINE: OMR

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 807 words


SATURDAY

Oroville Farmers' Market, 7:30 a.m. to noon at Montgomery and Myers streets,
Municipal Auditorium parking lot. Through Oct. 13.

PAWS, Promotion of Animal Welfare Society, has an information booth at the
Farmers' Market, 7:30 a.m. to noon at Montgomery and Myers streets.

Bolt Antique Tool Museum is a unique museum with more than 5,000 tools collected
by Carl (Bud) Bolt over a period of 49 years. Located at 1650 Broderick (by the
Chinese Temple). 9 a.m. until 3:45 p.m. Closed holidays. Admission $2. With
group tours welcome by appointment; morning or evening tours: 538-2528 or
533-3096p tours welcome by appointment 538-2528.

Oro Dam Flea Market, 1141 Oro Dam Blvd. West, Call 533-1324.

Butte County Historical Society Museum, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. corner of Baldwin and
Spencer streets. Admission by donation. 533-9418. Ehmann Home open by
appointment only, 533-5316.

Open Swim at the YMCA, 2-5 p.m. $1.50 for 1-2 and $3 13 and up.

Club Chaos, babysitting from 5-11. $6 per child. 6-9 p.m.

Adult swim, YMCA 1684 Robinson St. Adults only, 10 a.m-1p.m.

Multiple Sclerosis Support Group, 11 a.m to noon at Blueberry Twist. Call
Valerie at 589-0143.

EnergyWorks, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. REIKI energy therapy classes. Call for date,
place, fee. 533-9376.

North Valley Fibromyalgia Support Group, meets one Saturday, except
July-August-December, 10-11:30 a.m. Enloe Rehab, 340 W East Ave. Information:
332-3261.

Pioneer Museum, Montgomery Street, noon-4 p.m. Admission $2. Closed Dec. 15-Jan.
31.

Chinese Temple, 1500 Broderick. Noon to 4 p.m. Tour $2. Closed Dec. 15-Jan. 31.

Wine tasting & tours, Greyfox Winery, 9 Grey Fox Lane, noon to 5 p.m. Call
589-3920.

Saturday worship, come join our family in worship and song. Sabbath School
starts 9:30 a.m. at all levels including pre-school to young adult. Worship
Service starts 10:45 a.m. Seventh Day Adventist, 1180 Robinson Street, between
2nd & 3rd avenues

Lake Oroville Fellowship Alcoholics Anonymous, noon and 8 p.m., 2471 Bird St.
534-9960.

Narcotics Anonymous, 1640 Washington Ave., 7 p.m.

Pancake breakfast, Experimental Aircraft Association, 8-10 a.m. at the
Foundation of Flight Hangar, 1112 Wes Barrett Lane, entry off Oro Dam, west of
the airport. Fly in or drive in. Adults and children, $5. Contact EAA at
533-8303.

Berry Creek Grange 694, 5:30 p.m. potluck, 1477 Bald Rock Road.

Bingo, 1:30-4:30 p.m. at the Alano Club, 2471 Bird St. Cost is $5 for 10 games
or 25¢ per card.

Traditional Dance Club, 8 p.m.to midnight at VFW Hall, 1901 Elgin Street.
Singles and couples. This is an open dance to the music of Country Tradition.
playing country and classic rock. Non-members $7. Call 898-9669.

Play-Readers, sponsored by Birdcage Theatre, meets 1:30 p.m. in the conference
room of the Butte County Library, 1820 Mitchell St. Come and join us if you
would like to try acting in a play with no lines to learn and no stage fright.

North Valley Pagan Pride Day, committee meets at Cornucopia. Call Miranda at
589-2914 for information.

SUNDAY

Bolt Antique Tool Museum is a unique museum with more than 5,000 tools collected
by Carl (Bud) Bolt over a period of 49 years. Located at 1650 Broderick (by the
Chinese Temple). 11:45 a.m. until 3:45 p.m. Closed holidays. Admission $2. With
group tours welcome by appointment; morning or evening tours: 538-2528 or
533-3096.

Country breakfast, 7:30-10:30 a.m. at Moose 519, 1462 14th St. $5 adults and
$2.50 children. Open to members and guests.

Social meeting, 4:30 p.m., Cornucopia, 515 Montgomery St. Call 533-5255.

Melody Dance Club, Come dance the night away with live music 7:30-10 p.m. at the
Veterans Memorial Building, Paradise. The public is invited to attend. Call
533-5535.

Oro Dam Flea Market, 1141 Oro Dam Blvd. West, Call 533-1324.

Lott Home, tours of the historic Victorian mansion will be from 11:30 a.m.-3:30
p.m. Admission $2. Closed Dec. 15-Feb. 1.

Pioneer Museum, Montgomery Street, noon-4 p.m. Tour $2. Closed Dec. 15-Jan. 31.

Chinese Temple, 1500 Broderick. Tour $2. Noon-4 p.m. Closed Dec. 15-Jan. 31.

Wine tasting & tours, Greyfox Winery, 9 Grey Fox Lane, noon to 5 p.m. Call
589-3920.

Basketball, volleyball, Municipal Auditorium, 4-6 p.m. $1.

Feather River Nature Center, open 12:15-4:15 p.m. until end of September.

Lake Oroville Fellowship Alcoholics Anonymous, noon and 8 p.m., 2471 Bird St.
534-9960.

Narcotics Anonymous, 7 p.m., 1640 Washington Ave.

Nicotine Anonymous, 12-step program, 6 p.m. St. Nichole Episcopal Church, 5872
Olive Road, Paradise. Call 877-5203.

Eagles Aerie and Auxiliary Breakfast, 7:30 a.m.-11:30 a.m., Eagles Hall,
Montgomery St. Cost: $4.50 adults and $2.50 children under 12.

Berry Creek 4-H Community Meeting, 3 p.m. grange hall.

Butte County Historical Society membership meeting, 2 p.m. Call 533-5316.

Butte County Libertarian Party meets 3 p.m. in the West Annex room of the Chico
Public Library, 1108 Sherman Avenue in Chico.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                          September 20, 2007 Thursday

Community Calendar

BYLINE: OMR

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 738 words


SATURDAY

Oroville Farmers' Market, 7:30 a.m. to noon at Montgomery and Myers streets,
Municipal Auditorium parking lot. Through Oct. 13.

PAWS, Promotion of Animal Welfare Society, has an information booth at the
Farmers' Market, 7:30 a.m. to noon at Montgomery and Myers streets.

Bolt Antique Tool Museum is a unique museum with more than 5,000 tools collected
by Carl (Bud) Bolt over a period of 49 years. Located at 1650 Broderick (by the
Chinese Temple). 9 a.m. until 3:45 p.m. Closed holidays. Admission $2. With
group tours welcome by appointment; morning or evening tours: 538-2528 or
533-3096p tours welcome by appointment 538-2528.

Oro Dam Flea Market, 1141 Oro Dam Blvd. West, Call 533-1324.

Butte County Historical Society Museum, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. corner of Baldwin and
Spencer streets. Admission by donation. 533-9418. Ehmann Home open by
appointment only, 533-5316.

Open Swim at the YMCA, 2-5 p.m. $1.50 for 1-2 and $3 13 and up.

Club Chaos, babysitting from 5-11. $6 per child. 6-9 p.m.

Adult swim, YMCA 1684 Robinson St. Adults only, 10 a.m-1p.m.

Multiple Sclerosis Support Group, 11 a.m to noon at Blueberry Twist. Call
Valerie at 589-0143.

EnergyWorks, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. REIKI energy therapy classes. Call for date,
place, fee. 533-9376.

North Valley Fibromyalgia Support Group, meets one Saturday, except
July-August-December, 10-11:30 a.m. Enloe Rehab, 340 W East Ave. Information:
332-3261.

Pioneer Museum, Montgomery Street, noon-4 p.m. Admission $2. Closed Dec. 15-Jan.
31.

Chinese Temple, 1500 Broderick. Noon to 4 p.m. Tour $2. Closed Dec. 15-Jan. 31.

Wine tasting & tours, Greyfox Winery, 9 Grey Fox Lane, noon to 5 p.m. Call
589-3920.

Saturday worship, come join our family in worship and song. Sabbath School
starts 9:30 a.m. at all levels including pre-school to young adult. Worship
Service starts 10:45 a.m. Seventh Day Adventist, 1180 Robinson Street, between
2nd & 3rd avenues

Lake Oroville Fellowship Alcoholics Anonymous, noon and 8 p.m., 2471 Bird St.
534-9960.

Narcotics Anonymous, 1640 Washington Ave., 7 p.m.

Palermo Grange, full Swiss steak dinner. Doors open 4:45 p.m., dinner from 5-7
p.m., 7600 Irwin Ave., Donation is $7 adults and $5 children under 12. Take out
dinners also. Call 933-9211. NO DINNER NOVEMBER/DECEMBER

Alzheimer's Aid Society Support Group, 10 a.m. at the Summerfield Senior Care
Center, 1224 Plumas Avenue in Yuba City. Information: 1-800-540-3340.

FRSCA Social Group, at the FRSCA building, 1335 Myers St. Potluck, activities,
bingo, 10 a.m. Call 533-4303.

Dance, 8 p.m., VFW Hall, 1901 Elgin Ave. Music by Country Tradition.

SUNDAY

Bolt Antique Tool Museum is a unique museum with more than 5,000 tools collected
by Carl (Bud) Bolt over a period of 49 years. Located at 1650 Broderick (by the
Chinese Temple). 11:45 a.m. until 3:45 p.m. Closed holidays. Admission $2. With
group tours welcome by appointment; morning or evening tours: 538-2528 or
533-3096.

Country breakfast, 7:30-10:30 a.m. at Moose 519, 1462 14th St. $5 adults and
$2.50 children. Open to members and guests.

Social meeting, 4:30 p.m., Cornucopia, 515 Montgomery St. Call 533-5255.

Melody Dance Club, Come dance the night away with live music 7:30-10 p.m. at the
Veterans Memorial Building, Paradise. The public is invited to attend. Call
533-5535.

Oro Dam Flea Market, 1141 Oro Dam Blvd. West, Call 533-1324.

Lott Home, tours of the historic Victorian mansion will be from 11:30 a.m.-3:30
p.m. Admission $2. Closed Dec. 15-Feb. 1.

Pioneer Museum, Montgomery Street, noon-4 p.m. Tour $2. Closed Dec. 15-Jan. 31.

Chinese Temple, 1500 Broderick. Tour $2. Noon-4 p.m. Closed Dec. 15-Jan. 31.

Wine tasting & tours, Greyfox Winery, 9 Grey Fox Lane, noon to 5 p.m. Call
589-3920.

Basketball, volleyball, Municipal Auditorium, 4-6 p.m. $1.

Feather River Nature Center, open 12:15-4:15 p.m. until end of September.

Lake Oroville Fellowship Alcoholics Anonymous, noon and 8 p.m., 2471 Bird St.
534-9960.

Narcotics Anonymous, 7 p.m., 1640 Washington Ave.

Nicotine Anonymous, 12-step program, 6 p.m. St. Nichole Episcopal Church, 5872
Olive Road, Paradise. Call 877-5203.

Country Breakfast, Moose Lodge at 1462 14th St. 7:30-10 a.m. Cost is $5. Open to
members & guests.

Rebekah Oddfellows Breakfast, 8 a.m. to noon., 1472 Oliver Street. Adults $5,
children $2. Public invited. (EXCEPT DECEMBER)

Old Time Fiddlers Dist. 1, Thermalito Grange Hall, 10th & Plumas avenues, noon
to 4 p.m. then from 4:30-7 p.m. they play at Cassidy's on Oro Dam Boulevard.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             June 23, 2009 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

CULTIVATING CUSTOMERS Popular farmers' markets are sprouting up all over
Colorado

BYLINE: Sara Castellanos The Denver Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-05

LENGTH: 430 words


It could be the economy or it could be the number of visitors who flock to them,
but farmers' markets are finding renewed popularity with consumers and nearby
businesses.

Since 2000, when a mere 30 markets dotted Colorado, the number has almost
quadrupled to 110, according to state agriculture officials.

The resurgence was clear on June 6 as nearly 800 people descended on the debut
of the market in the Highland community, only to be bested the following weekend
with 1,000 visitors, said Kristin Morley, president of Highland United Neighbors
Inc., the market sponsor.

The customer flow is not only good for the 30 vendors of food, produce and
hand-made items, but for the Highland businesses around the market too.

"We have the ability to cross-promote (markets) with the restaurants and shops
here," Morley said of the Saturday marketplace on the 1500 block of Boulder
Street. "We've got a lot of local businesses that are sponsoring the farmers'
markets, and people that have never come to the Highlands before are now
coming."

Farmers' market customers seem to trust a product they purchase directly from
the farmer who produced it, according to Loredana Ottoborgo, a vendor and market
organizer for the Belmar, Evergreen and Frisco farmers' markets.

"People know that there's better nutrition in locally grown produce," said
Ottoborgo, a cheese and pesto vendor for 16 years. "I've had such great response
from customers that are happy supporting someone from their community."

And, Ottoborgo said she relies on customer feedback about the ingredients in her
weekly batches of pesto.

The farmers' market at Belmar seems to be weathering the economy just fine, said
Brittany Maynor, assistant marketing manager of the shopping district there.

Alaska Drive at Belmar was purposely made wider than other streets in the
community, with additional electrical outlets to accommodate events such as
farmers' markets, she said.

It's helped, too. Maynor estimates customer traffic at the Belmar market has
jumped 50 percent since 2005, up to about 1,000 people each weekend.

"In general, people like to attend them even if they don't have the intention of
spending a lot of money," she said. "But with customer traffic comes those who
are willing to spend money too."

Tim Larsen, senior international marketing specialist for the Colorado
Department of Agriculture, said the Boulder farmers' market easily racks up a
million dollars in sales each year.

"Farmers are finding it's a better way to capture the consumer dollar," he said.

Sara Castellanos: 303-954-1381

or scastellanos@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Kent and Sussex Courier

                             August 4, 2006 Friday

Youth poster contest promotes local food

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 169 words


Young Wealden residents are being asked to help promote local food by taking
part in a poster colouring competition.

Wealden's four farmers' markets at Uckfield, Heathfield and Crowborough are
launching a children's poster competition.

Every Farmers' Market will be handing out free colouring posters during their
monthly market day.

Completed posters will be judged by the farmers themselves and the winner
entries professionally reproduced  to be used in future promotions.

Winners will also receive free family tickets to popular Wealden visitor
attractions such as Wilderness Wood, Freedom Leisure Bowling, Middle Open Farm
and Ashdown Forest Llama Park.

There are two age groups for the competition: five-11 years and 12-16 years, and
winners from both will receive  prizes.

Due to the summer holidays, the entry deadline for the competition has been
extended.

Copies of the poster now need to be handed in before the following closing
dates; Crowborough - August 26, Uckfield - September 2 and Heathfield - August
19.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Kent and Sussex Courier
                              All Rights Reserved


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                          September 13, 2007 Thursday

COMMUNITY CALENDAR

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 808 words


OMR

SATURDAY

Oroville Farmers' Market, 7:30 a.m. to noon at Montgomery and Myers streets,
Municipal Auditorium parking lot. Through Oct. 13.

PAWS, Promotion of Animal Welfare Society, has an information booth at the
Farmers' Market, 7:30 a.m. to noon at Montgomery and Myers streets.

Bolt Antique Tool Museum is a unique museum with more than 5,000 tools collected
by Carl (Bud) Bolt over a period of 49 years. Located at 1650 Broderick (by the
Chinese Temple). 9 a.m. until 3:45 p.m. Closed holidays. Admission $2. With
group tours welcome by appointment; morning or evening tours: 538-2528 or
533-3096p tours welcome by appointment 538-2528.

Oro Dam Flea Market, 1141 Oro Dam Blvd. West, Call 533-1324.

Butte County Historical Society Museum, 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. corner of Baldwin and
Spencer streets. Admission by donation. 533-9418. Ehmann Home open by
appointment only, 533-5316.

Open Swim at the YMCA, 2-5 p.m. $1.50 for 1-2 and $3 13 and up.

Club Chaos, babysitting from 5-11. $6 per child. 6-9 p.m.

Adult swim, YMCA 1684 Robinson St. Adults only, 10 a.m-1p.m.

Multiple Sclerosis Support Group, 11 a.m to noon at Blueberry Twist. Call
Valerie at 589-0143.

EnergyWorks, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. REIKI energy therapy classes. Call for date,
place, fee. 533-9376.

North Valley Fibromyalgia Support Group, meets one Saturday, except
July-August-December, 10-11:30 a.m. Enloe Rehab, 340 W East Ave. Information:
332-3261.

Pioneer Museum, Montgomery Street, noon-4 p.m. Admission $2. Closed Dec. 15-Jan.
31.

Chinese Temple, 1500 Broderick. Noon to 4 p.m. Tour $2. Closed Dec. 15-Jan. 31.

Wine tasting & tours, Greyfox Winery, 9 Grey Fox Lane, noon to 5 p.m. Call
589-3920.

Saturday worship, come join our family in worship and song. Sabbath School
starts 9:30 a.m. at all levels including pre-school to young adult. Worship
Service starts 10:45 a.m. Seventh Day Adventist, 1180 Robinson Street, between
2nd & 3rd avenues

Lake Oroville Fellowship Alcoholics Anonymous, noon and 8 p.m., 2471 Bird St.
534-9960.

Narcotics Anonymous, 1640 Washington Ave., 7 p.m.

Pancake breakfast, Experimental Aircraft Association, 8-10 a.m. at the
Foundation of Flight Hangar, 1112 Wes Barrett Lane, entry off Oro Dam, west of
the airport. Fly in or drive in. Adults and children, $5. Contact EAA at
533-8303.

Berry Creek Grange 694, 5:30 p.m. potluck, 1477 Bald Rock Road.

Bingo, 1:30-4:30 p.m. at the Alano Club, 2471 Bird St. Cost is $5 for 10 games
or 25¢ per card.

Traditional Dance Club, 8 p.m.to midnight at VFW Hall, 1901 Elgin Street.
Singles and couples. This is an open dance to the music of Country Tradition.
playing country and classic rock. Non-members $7. Call 898-9669.

Play-Readers, sponsored by Birdcage Theatre, meets 1:30 p.m. in the conference
room of the Butte County Library, 1820 Mitchell St. Come and join us if you
would like to try acting in a play with no lines to learn and no stage fright.

North Valley Pagan Pride Day, committee meets at Cornucopia. Call Miranda at
589-2914 for information.

SUNDAY

Bolt Antique Tool Museum is a unique museum with more than 5,000 tools collected
by Carl (Bud) Bolt over a period of 49 years. Located at 1650 Broderick (by the
Chinese Temple). 11:45 a.m. until 3:45 p.m. Closed holidays. Admission $2. With
group tours welcome by appointment; morning or evening tours: 538-2528 or
533-3096.

Country breakfast, 7:30-10:30 a.m. at Moose 519, 1462 14th St. $5 adults and
$2.50 children. Open to members and guests.

Social meeting, 4:30 p.m., Cornucopia, 515 Montgomery St. Call 533-5255.

Melody Dance Club, Come dance the night away with live music 7:30-10 p.m. at the
Veterans Memorial Building, Paradise. The public is invited to attend. Call
533-5535.

Oro Dam Flea Market, 1141 Oro Dam Blvd. West, Call 533-1324.

Lott Home, tours of the historic Victorian mansion will be from 11:30 a.m.-3:30
p.m. Admission $2. Closed Dec. 15-Feb. 1.

Pioneer Museum, Montgomery Street, noon-4 p.m. Tour $2. Closed Dec. 15-Jan. 31.

Chinese Temple, 1500 Broderick. Tour $2. Noon-4 p.m. Closed Dec. 15-Jan. 31.

Wine tasting & tours, Greyfox Winery, 9 Grey Fox Lane, noon to 5 p.m. Call
589-3920.

Basketball, volleyball, Municipal Auditorium, 4-6 p.m. $1.

Feather River Nature Center, open 12:15-4:15 p.m. until end of September.

Lake Oroville Fellowship Alcoholics Anonymous, noon and 8 p.m., 2471 Bird St.
534-9960.

Narcotics Anonymous, 7 p.m., 1640 Washington Ave.

Nicotine Anonymous, 12-step program, 6 p.m. St. Nichole Episcopal Church, 5872
Olive Road, Paradise. Call 877-5203.

Eagles Aerie and Auxiliary Breakfast, 7:30 a.m.-11:30 a.m., Eagles Hall,
Montgomery St. Cost: $4.50 adults and $2.50 children under 12.

Berry Creek 4-H Community Meeting, 3 p.m. grange hall.

Butte County Historical Society membership meeting, 2 p.m. Call 533-5316.

Butte County Libertarian Party meets 3 p.m. in the West Annex room of the Chico
Public Library, 1108 Sherman Avenue in Chico.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 13, 2015

Lewes farmers market wins $1 million grant;
Funds to be used to expand the market season and educate farmers and consumers

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 346  words


U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack helped to kick off the nation's harvest
season Oct. 2 by announcing nearly $35 million in new funding through four grant
programs to support local and regional food systems, including farmers markets.
The Historic Lewes Farmers Market received one of two Farmers Market Promotion
Program grants awarded to Delaware entities.

The award amount of $99,229.99 was given to the HLFM to create a farmers market
Living Lab for growth.

The grant will be used not only to provide greater access to local fresh farm
produce by supporting expansion of the market season, but also to identify best
practices from the HLFM that can be shared with other markets across the
country.

Under the grant, the HLFM will help farmers develop value-added products, expand
usage of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (food stamps) benefits, and
provide marketing advice and support to improve market stalls.

Board member Nancy Staisey reported being "thrilled that the work being done by
the HLFM and the many volunteers who make the market possible was recognized as
of national importance with this grant award."

She went on to say, "The HLFM has for many years been dedicated to building
local, sustainable food systems - which is a fancy way of saying we create a
community gathering where local sustainable farmers can sell their products and
everyone in our community, residents and visitors alike, can buy local, fresh,
wholesome foods.

"We brought SNAP into our market so that our entire community could have access
to fresh, locally grown food.

"While we cannot use any of these funds on operational expenses, we will be able
to help our farmers sell more and improve community access through better
marketing methods and materials."

Vilsack has named strengthening local food systems as one of the four pillars of
USDA's efforts to revitalize rural economies and communities. Purchases of
locally produced food have surged to nearly $12 billion under Vilsack's
leadership, while the number of farmers markets has leapt to more than 8,500
from 5,274 in 2009.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2015 Cape Gazette


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 3, 2011 Thursday

Plans for farmers' market advance;
Organizers hope to open the Saturday morning market in May near the Courthouse.

BYLINE: By Nancy Bowman Contributing Writer

SECTION: TROY TIPP CITY AND PIQUA; Pg. RA1

LENGTH: 313 words


TROY - Organizers hope to use the county's most recognizable building, the Miami
County Courthouse, as the backdrop for a new Saturday morning farmers' market
downtown.

Plans for a market that would open in May and continue through the end of
September have been in the works for a couple of years, some of the market
organizers told the county commissioners last week.

Hopes are to have farmer vendors and tents set up in the tree lawn near the
Courthouse and place a musician on the lower stairs to the Courthouse for
ambiance, said Karin Manovich, executive director of Troy Main Street, the
downtown advocacy group.

The commissioners said they would get the organizers an answer on use of the
county property once they check with the county's insurance company.

They also plan to talk to the sheriff's department, which oversees the
Courthouse grounds, and the county facilities director to see if he has any
concerns about the added foot traffic on the curb lawn.

"I like the concept," Commissioner John "Bud" O'Brien said.

Manovich said 15 potential market locations in the downtown were explored. Among
goals were to keep from closing streets, but to find a location that would draw
people not only to the market but to downtown businesses.

"I hope we can bring a big economic boon to downtown," Manovich said.

Hopes are to feature a downtown business and a downtown restaurant each week
during the market. The proposed name is The Courthouse Farmers Market.

A sponsor is on board to pay for event promotion and the hiring of a market
manager.

Committee member Sue Knight said several other farmers markets have been visited
as part of the planning process.

During visits to markets in locations such as Oxford, Piqua, Tipp City, Athens
and Dayton, the local market committee asked what works and what doesn't,
Manovich said.

Contact this writer at nancykburr@aol.com or (937) 339-4371.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

Farmers markets rise to meet demand

LENGTH: 595  words

DATELINE: New York


Specialty Food Association, Inc. has issued the following news release:

More farmers markets are popping up across America in response to growing demand
for fresh, locally grown food, the U.S. Department of Agriculture said in
August.

The number of certified markets on the USDA's National Farmers Market Directory
has risen 76 percent since 2008, to 8,268 nationwide this year. In 1994, the
number was 1,755.

Forty-eight of the markets listed on the Farmers Market Directory are in San
Diego County, which benefits from a year-round growing season.

Farmers and their markets have been helped along by federal programs like the
Farmers Market Promotion Program, which received $15 million in the 2014 Farm
Bill; and the WIC Farmers Market Nutrition Program, which provides families with
vouchers to buy fresh fruits and vegetables at their local farmers markets.

Many of San Diego's markets have emerged in the last seven years, driven by a
growing interest in local produce and agricultural products, said San Diego
County Farm Bureau Membership and Projects Manager Casey Anderson.

"I think you could also make the argument that there's rising demand for local
handcrafted goods," he said.

Most of San Diego's farmers markets have companion events featuring live music,
arts and artisan food, he explained, competing more directly with supermarkets
and making the farmers market more attractive to shoppers.

"Markets are great community gathering places," he said. "It's a fun activity.
It gets you outside, gets you walking, and getting to know the people who are
growing your food."

He said markets are great for local farmers, too, who can get the full retail
price for their fruits and vegetables instead of the pennies on a dollar they
would get by selling wholesale to grocery stores. Neighboring businesses enjoy
benefits, too.

According to a 2012 research paper by Marketumbrella, businesses in major cities
can experience a sales increase of anywhere between $19,000 and $15 million when
there's a farmers market nearby.

SD Weekly Markets CEO Catt Fields White said the real number of markets is
probably even higher than the USDA has reported. In San Diego, for example, she
knows of 65 farmers markets -- 17 more than the number listed on the USDA
directory, and more than double the 28 markets that were around when she first
started the Little Italy Mercato in 2008.

The number of shoppers has also grown exponentially over the last five to 10
years, she said, thanks to books and movies such as "Food, Inc." that call on
consumers to be more mindful about where they get their food.

San Diego's farmers have gotten savvier about marketing to consumers, Fields
White added, and have shifted their focus from strictly citrus and avocados, to
growing more diverse crops that people want to eat.

The increased competition at markets nationally has also helped to drive down
prices. A 2010 study conducted for the Northeast Organic Farming Association of
Vermont found that farmers markets often beat supermarket prices on both
conventionally grown and organic foods.

"Especially when paired with the special events like many of the markets here in
San Diego, the farmers markets really can compete now with grocery stores,"
Fields White said.

In addition to the increase in volume of food sold, value is up too. Worth an
estimated $1 billion in 2005, local food sales grew to $4.8 billion in 2007 and
nearly $7 billion last year, according to industry estimates.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2017 Hoover's Inc., All Rights Reserved

                  Hoover's Company Records - In-depth Records

                                 March 29, 2017

                          SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC.

                             5455 E High St Ste 111
                            Phoenix,  AZ 85054-5464
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 480-814-8016
URL: www.sprouts.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: SFM
HOOVER ID: 159728

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Public

EMPLOYEES:  24,000
ONE YEAR EMPLOYEE GROWTH:  20.0%

FORTUNE 1000 (June 2016) RANKING:  631

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER                 TITLE             AGE     SALARY      BONUS TOTAL_COMP
                                                                      ENSATION
Daniel J. Bruni         CIO                58          -          -          -
Bradley S. (Brad) Lukow CFO, Treasurer,    53          -          -          -
                        and Principal
                        Accounting
                        Officer
Brandon F. Lombardi     Chief Legal        38 $305,596.0          -          -
                        Officer and
                        Corporate
                        Secretary
Amin N. Maredia         CEO and Director   43 $498,461.0          -          -
James (Jamie) Reynolds  Senior Vice         -          -          -          -
                        President of
                        Human Resources
Theodore E. (Ted)       Chief              54 $292,942.0          -          -
Frumkin                 Development
                        Officer
James L. (Jim) Nielsen  President and      44 $458,077.0          -          -
                        COO
Cindy (Cin) Chikahisa   Vice President      -          -          -          -
                        Store Operations
                        Field Capability
Mark (Marky) Miale      Senior Vice         -          -          -          -
                        President
                        Merchandising
Dan Sanders             EVP, Store          -          -          -          -
                        Operations


DIRECTOR                    TITLE                AGE
Bradley S. (Brad) Lukow     CFO, Treasurer, and   53
                            Principal
                            Accounting Officer
J. Douglas (Doug) Sanders   Chairman              46
Brandon F. Lombardi         Chief Legal Officer   38
                            and Corporate
                            Secretary
Amin N. Maredia             CEO and Director      43

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   A fast-growing natural foods retailer, Sprouts Farmers Market operates more
than 220 stores in over a dozen US states, including Arizona, California,
Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Texas, and Utah. The stores (ranging
from 28,000 to 30,000 sq. ft.) sell organic and local produce, baked goods,
all-natural meats and seafood, imported cheeses, bulk foods, and vitamins and
supplements. Stores also boast over 450 bins of bulk rice, spices, nuts, and
grains. Sprouts merged with Sunflower Farmers Market in 2012, giving Sprouts the
#2 spot in the natural organic retail market, behind Whole Foods Market . It
went public in 2013.

   Operations

   The grocer sources its products from more than 800 vendors and suppliers
(domestically and internationally). Nature's Best is its primary supplier of dry
grocery and frozen food products, making up 24% of total purchases in Sprouts
stores in 2015.

   Geographic Reach

   Sprouts operates around 220 stores in more than 10 US states. About 40% of
its stores are located in California, while another nearly 45% of stores are
spread fairly evenly across the states of Arizona, Colorado, and Texas. The
remaining Sprouts stores are located in the states of Georgia, Kansas, Nevada,
New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Utah.

   Sales and Marketing

   Sprouts touts its position as the value-oriented neighborhood grocery store
for natural and organic products through a marketing and promotional strategy
that includes print (flyers and newspaper inserts), digital, and social media
platforms. The chain sends more than 15 million weekly advertisement circulars
that focus on product education and offerings to entice the customer, and also
uses local radio to promote sales and support its brand image.

   The grocery chain spent $46.8 million on advertising in 2015, up from $39.8
million and $34.1 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively.

   Financial Performance

   Sprouts' revenues and profits have been soaring in recent years thanks to the
grocers' aggressive expansion and the continued popular demand for organic food
in the US.

   The chain's revenue climbed 21% to a record $3.6 billion during FY2016 (ended
January 3, 2016) thanks to new store openings and same-store sales growth, as
well as an added week to the fiscal year. About 60% of the growth was driven by
same-store sales increases compared to the prior year, while new store openings
accounted for most of the remainder of the boost in sales.

   Higher revenue coupled with lower interest expenses in FY2016 boosted
Sprouts' net income by 20% to a record $129 million for the year. The grocer's
operating cash levels rose by 20% to $129 million as its cash earnings grew.

   Strategy

   Fast-growing Sprouts Farmers Market continues to boost its store count and
extend its retail reach mostly through new store openings (though it will
consider acquisitions in suitable target markets with acceptable terms and
conditions), planning to grow its new stores at a rate of 14% annually from 2015
through 2020. Capitalizing on the popularity of online ordering, the retailer
has also partnered with Amazon Prime to offer 1-hour or 2-hour deliveries in
select pilot markets.

   The chain has increasingly accelerated its store expansion to successfully
fuel growth over the past few years, opening 19 stores in 2013; 24 stores in
2014 (including in Georgia); and 27 stores in 2015, expanding for the first time
into Michigan, Alabama, and Tennessee. For 2016, Sprouts planned to open 36 new
stores in its biggest expansion year yet.

   Sprouts Farmers Market competes with Whole Foods and other organic chains on
price, differentiating itself by its affordable prices. The addition of the
Sunflower stores -- which turned into Sprouts stores -- in 2012 added Nevada,
New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Utah to its state count and expanded the grocery
chain's presence in its existing markets, also making it the number two organic
grocer in the country. Sprouts hoped the merger with Sunflower would widen the
price difference between its stores and those of its pricey competitors like
Whole Foods through efficiencies in purchasing and distribution.

   Company Background

   In mid-2013 the organic grocer went public, raising $333 million in an
initial public offering. Sprouts had one of the most successful IPOs of the
year; its share price more than doubled on opening day. The company plans to use
some of the proceeds to pay down debt. Prior to the IPO, Apollo Management owned
more than half of Sprouts' common stock. After the IPO, it sill owned about 45%
of the company.

   Backed by Apollo's investment heft and increasing consumer demand for fresh
foods, Sprouts' acquired more than 40 stores operating under the Henry's Farmers
Market and Sun Harvest banners from Smart & Final in 2011. Both Sprouts and
Henry's were founded years apart by the family of CEO Shon Boney.

HOOVER INDUSTRIES:

     ·    Retail Sector
          ·    GROCERY STORES & SUPERMARKETS



* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
445110 - Supermarkets and Other Grocery (except Convenience) Stores
SIC CODES:
5411 - Grocery stores
MARKETS:

   2016 Stores

   No.

   California 96

   Texas 40

   Arizona 32

   Colorado 30

   Georgia 12

   Oklahoma 10

   New Mexico 7

   Nevada 6

   Utah 5

   Alabama 4

   Kansas 4

   Tennessee 4

   Missouri 3

   Total 253

     ·    Sales 2016
     ·    % of total
     ·    Perishables 50
     ·    Non-Perishables 50
     ·    Total 100
     ·    Selected Product category
     ·
     ·    Bakery
     ·    Beer
     ·    Body care
     ·    Bulk items
     ·    Dairy
     ·    Dairy alternatives
     ·    Deli
     ·    Frozen foods
     ·    Grocery
     ·    Meat
     ·    Natural health &
     ·    Seafood
     ·    Vitamins and supplements
     ·    Wine


COMPETITORS:

     ·    Trader Joe's
     ·    Bashas'
     ·    Target Corporation
     ·    Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage
     ·    Costco Wholesale
     ·    Wal-Mart
     ·    Whole Foods
     ·    H-E-B
     ·    Kroger
     ·    Safeway


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: January, 2017

(Millions U.S. Dollars)               2017              2016              2014
Revenue                           $4,046.4          $3,593.0          $2,967.4
Net Income                          $124.3            $129.0            $107.7
Net Profit                            3.1%              3.6%              3.6%
Employees                           24,000            20,000            17,000

     ·    One Year Sales Growth: 12.6%
     ·    One Year Income Growth: (3.6%)


                                                       2017
Debt Ratio                                            55.3%
Return on Equity                                   88790.0%
Return on Assets                                       8.6%
Cash                                            $12,500,000
Current Ratio                                          1.02
Long-term debt                                 $372,400,000
Shares outstanding                              140,300,000
Market Value                                        2,653.7

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE: NASDAQ OMX
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: 140,300,000
STOCK PRICE:
2017 FISCAL YEAR HIGH:  $29.75
2017 FISCAL YEAR LOW:  $18.92
2017 FISCAL YEAR CLOSE:  $18.92
EPS: $0.83
PRICE/EARNINGS HIGH:  36
PRICE/EARNINGS LOW:  23
BOOK VALUE PER SHARE:  $0.00
HISTORICAL STOCK INFORMATION:
                                      2016              2014              2013
Fiscal Year High                    $38.38            $39.63            $49.11
Fiscal Year Low                     $19.59            $26.26            $36.01
Fiscal Year Close                   $26.59            $32.73            $38.19
Price/Earnings High                     46                57               133
Price/Earnings Low                      24                38                97
Earnings                             $0.83             $0.70             $0.37
Book Value per Share                 $0.00             $0.00             $0.00

                                      2012              2012
Earnings                             $0.16           ($0.28)
Book Value per Share                 $0.00             $0.00

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           August 11, 2010 Wednesday
                                  ROP Edition

Themes are boosting farmers market in Weymouth

BYLINE: Patriot Ledger Staff

SECTION: News; pg. 12

LENGTH: 115 words


WEYMOUTH - A new village theme for the Weymouth farmers market seems to be a big
hit.

Mayor Sue Kay said attendance nearly doubled to 600 people at the last themed
event, which focused on Weymouth's Columbian Square.

"It was a huge success," she said. We're looking forward to the next one."

Each month the market is highlighting one of the town's four village centers. On
these days, businesses from the villages get to set up booths for free to sell
and promote their products.

The farmers market, now in its second year, runs from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturdays
through Oct. 16. Weymouth Landing will be the focus on Aug. 21, followed by
Jackson Square on Sept. 18 and Bicknell Square on Oct. 16.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Patriot Ledger


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            December 24, 2006 Sunday

Relaxed atmosphere at farmers market

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 174 words


Yes, it's still "shopping" in the broad sense, but the farmers market is a far
cry from the harried crowds and long lines of typical late-December commerce.

Saturday was still a sort of "Christmas Edition" at Saturday's market in
downtown Danville, if not so much for holiday-related items and promotions than
for its timing.

"We're expecting a pretty good market. People should be there to stock up for
their holiday meals," said Max Timms, manager of the Danville farmers market.

About 35 vendors were signed up to ply their wares Saturday ... and save for the
occasional Santa hat on a seller's head or Christmas song performed by the live
musicians, there was to be no Christmas hype or hyperactivity. As is usually the
case at the 15-year-old Saturday downtown market, it was a leisurely experience,
one to be taken in slowly and calmly.

Those who needed a fix of Christmas could still get one, however, near the
market Saturday ... at the Museum of the San Ramon Valley, where its "Christmas
Memories" exhibit was open at midday.

-- Sam Richards

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            March 4, 2009 Wednesday

Pleasant Hill farmers market operator survives challenge for contract

BYLINE: By Lisa P. White Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Central Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 634 words


PLEASANT HILL   The City Council voted Monday to retain the current farmers
market operator, despite concerns that the market has not grown much in the 26
years the group has had the contract.

As a condition of the one-year contract, Contra Costa Certified Farmers' Markets
must submit a marketing plan in 30 days, commit to a minimum number of produce
vendors per week, set a proportion of produce stalls to other vendors, and
develop a plan for moving the market to the downtown as soon as possible. The
city does not pay the group to run the farmers market.

In 2010, the city will invite proposals from other farmers market operators.

Pleasant Hill-based Contra Costa Certified Farmers' Markets, which also operates
markets in Walnut Creek and Martinez, has run the city's market since 1982. The
nonprofit group was making plans for the 2009 season when the city received an
unsolicited proposal from Walnut Creek-based California Farmers' Market
Association to take over management of the Pleasant Hill farmers market. The
association operates 12 markets in the Bay Area, including Moraga and Rossmoor.

Several council members acknowledged that California Farmers' Market
Association, also a nonprofit, had submitted a superior proposal because it
included a direct-marketing campaign and a commitment to having more produce
vendors selling a greater variety of crops.

But Councilwomen Terri Williamson and Karen Mitchoff argued that the city should
be loyal to Contra Costa Certified Farmers' Markets.

"They tried to keep the market going under very tough circumstances in the
past," Williamson said, noting that the farmers market has had to move six
times. "What goes around, comes around. We owe them our loyalty, as well."

Mayor Michael Harris, who cast the lone "no" vote, said Contra Costa Certified
Farmers' Markets had failed in 26 years to grow the farmers market and make it
successful. He also said the group had spent $20,000 in city grants for
advertising unwisely since 2001.

Indicating his support for awarding the contract to California Farmers' Market
Association, Harris said, "I feel they have a much better chance, given their
history and advertising campaign, to bring more participants into our farmers
market."

Jessie Neu, executive director of Contra Costa Certified Farmers' Markets, said
the group added beef, fish and falafel vendors to the market at the end of last
season. This year, the group is launching a gift card, accepting food stamps,
expanding the cooking program and opening the market two hours earlier   at 8
a.m.   among other changes.

"It will be a challenge for sure, but it was already something that was started,
as far as us addressing turning the ship," she said, referring to the council's
requirements.

Neu said her group is exploring radio and newspaper ads, outreach through the
two colleges and the YMCA, and using a Facebook page for the market that a
customer set up as part of a marketing plan.

In its proposal, California Farmers' Market Association touted its experience,
marketing and promotions strategies, and contacts with farmers, prepared-food
vendors and entertainers. Director Gail Hayden said the group would bring in
more organic produce, increase the number of vendors and have several vendors
selling each commodity, in an effort to make the market a regional destination.

The city has been working with Developers Diversified Realty, which owns the
downtown, to move the farmers market from the City Hall parking lot to the
parking area in front of the Verizon store, which is visible from Contra Costa
Boulevard. Both parties believe the new market location would draw more
customers who would also spend money at downtown businesses.

Lisa P. White covers Pleasant Hill and Martinez. Reach her at 925-943-8011 or
lwhite@bayareanewsgroup.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 21, 2011 Thursday

Franklin County fresh-food guide available

BYLINE: Email Denise A. Raymo at: draymo@pressrepublican.com, The
Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 515 words


July 21--By DENISE A. RAYMO

Staff Writer

MALONE -- Farmers markets and roadside stands are offering fresh produce,
vegetables and local meats from all over Franklin County.

And the 2011 Local Food Guide is available to pinpoint exactly where 34 local
growers and producers sell their goods.

The guide -- produced by Cornell Cooperative Extension of Franklin County and
sponsored through Adirondack Harvest, the We Can! nutritional program at Alice
Hyde Medical Center and Eat Smart NY -- lists the days and times where each
farmers market is held.

It offers details about the products and meats available from producers in
Franklin County who set up at markets, operate roadside stands in their
communities and sell products from their homes.

NEW LISTINGS

New this year is a listing of nine grocery stores and restaurants that sell and
feature locally grown foods for customers.

"These places have been doing it for years but not showcasing it," said
Bernadette Logozar, agriculture-program leader for Cornell Cooperative Extension
of Franklin County.

"But that's what we do," she said of her agency. "We're saying to them, 'We are
proud of what you're doing, supporting the agriculture industry, without people
being aware of it.'"

BENEFITS

Logozar said two existing programs can give eligible individuals and families
even more options for buying healthy, locally grown products at farmers markets.

Those who obtain benefits through the Women, Infants and Children program are
encouraged to be part of the Farmers Market Nutrition Program, which issues $25
coupon booklets toward the purchase of fruits and vegetables.

The Malone and Paul Smith's farmers markets are also able to swipe
electronic-benefit cards and issue $1 wooden tokens used to buy healthy
non-produce items, such as honey, meats, baked goods, jams and herbs being sold
there.

DISTRIBUTION

Logozar said it's important that businesses that sell locally produced goods, as
well as the growers and producers, promote their products. She encourages anyone
who isn't already listed in the annual Food Guide to contract her office to be
added to next year's publication.

About 20,000 copies are published each year, and a majority of them are inserted
in three area newspapers.

The rest are delivered through a network of volunteers to sites around the
county, including the chambers of commerce in Tupper Lake, Saranac Lake and
Malone, Alice Hyde Medical Center and the clinics the Malone hospital operates
in outlying communities.

The guide is also available online under the News link at
counties.cce.cornell.edu/franklin.

For more information, call Cornell Cooperative Extension at 483-7403 or email
Bernadette Logozar at bel7@cornell.edu

Email Denise A. Raymo at: draymo@pressrepublican.com

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110721-ZI-Franklin-County-fresh-food-guide-available-0721-20110721

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2011 The Press-Republican


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                              July 20, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 194 words


DOZENS of shoppers flocked to a farmers market in Great Harwood to raise money
for charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based off Alan Ramsbottom Way, hosted its second market
day this year by turning the repair centre into a home for local businesses to
promote a variety of products. The market gave an opportunity for small local
businesses to have a stall, and promote their products to lots of people in and
around Great Harwood.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said the market managed to raise more than 300
for East Lancashire Hospice and hailed the day a great success.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A bodyshop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 300
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Nick added: Also in support were a number of local motor dealers and I really
want to thank Chorley Group Burnley, Simpsons Skoda, Greenacre Honda and
Hillendale Group for their support.

Visitors to the market also had the opportunity to win a range of prizes,
including an MOT, a valet and a 4x4 Off Road Experience.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             March 8, 2014 Saturday

Cuba City's farmers market to become a monthly event

BYLINE: CRAIG D. REBER TH staff writer * creber@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 405 words


farmers market The Cuba City farmers market will be held from 4 to 7 p.m. on May
28, June 25, July 23, Aug. 27 and Sept. 24 at Veterans' Memorial Park, with a
special market on June 14 during Hometown Festival.

CUBA CITY, Wis. - In September, about 400 people came to Cuba City's first
farmers market. That success has prompted the city to make the farmers market a
monthly event from May through September.

"It was very well-attended," said Mayor Lee Weber. "People were very happy with
it. It was a huge success."

This year's market will be held on the fourth Wednesday of each month. The
organizing committee added one special market to coincide with Cuba City's
Hometown Festival on Saturday, June 14.

"We have many talented people in our area," said Gail McWilliams, a Common
Council member who helped organize the community market. "It will help to make
people aware of what we as a community have to offer. A community market is a
time of coming together, let it be just to sit in the park and visit, shop at
the market, enjoy the great weather and let the children run and play."

Market offerings will include crafts, baked goods, fresh produce, plants,
flowers and food. To help cover the cost of market promotion, each vendor will
be asked to contribute $25 for the year or $10 per market, up to $50.

McWilliams said the organizing committee decided to have the market monthly,
rather than weekly, to give people time to plan.

"By doing this once a month, we will be able to gauge the support," she said.
"If our community would like to see this more often, we are certainly open to
having it more than once a month."

Taylor Gronau, the city's economic development director, praised the committee.

"There's quite a bit of work that goes into planning, organizing and hosting a
community market," he said, explaining the need to develop a "marketing"
strategy, and the administration of vendor applications.

Last year's market attracted 28 vendors, and Gronau expects most of them to
return as part of a larger market. Gronau said he hopes some vendors from
Platteville's weekly farmers market come to Cuba City.

The committee will be implementing something new at every market, including
music or children's activities, McWilliams said.

"There will be something for everyone," she said. "We have musicians, artists,
inventors and clowns. We all have a talent. This is the time for sharing and
caring, a time to come together and enjoy."

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 4, 2015 Monday

Washington: Secretary Vilsack Kicks off USDA Farmers Market for 20th Season

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: Washington


Small Business Administration has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack opened the 20th season of the USDA Farmers
Market with a ribbon cutting ceremony this morning. USDA Agricultural Marketing
Service (AMS) Administrator Anne Alonzo joined Secretary at the event and
highlighted the expanded market, which now includes over 30 vendors. The market
is located just off the National Mall at 12th Street and Independence Ave. S.W.
The Secretary and Administrator Alonzo also announced the new "USDA Farmers
Market at Night," open every third Friday evening of the month, which will
feature fresh fruit and vegetables as well as a variety of prepared hot food and
entertainment.

"For the past two decades, the USDA Farmers Market has shown us how farmers
markets bring urban and rural communities together and expand access to locally
grown fruit and vegetables," said Secretary Vilsack. "Like thousands of markets
around the country, the USDA Farmers Market benefits local farmers and ranchers,
small businesses, and consumers by creating economic opportunities and offering
healthy, wholesome food."

Secretary Vilsack has identified strengthening local food systems, including
farmers markets, as one of the four pillars of USDA's commitment to rural
economic development. The USDA Farmers Market welcomes customers using benefits
from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) or the Special
Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC), Senior
Farmers Market Nutrition Program coupons, and DC Produce Plus checks. As part of
the Administration's commitment to ensuring all Americans have access to a
healthy diet, USDA has authorized over 5,900 farmers markets or direct marketing
farmers nationwide to accept SNAP.

The USDA Farmers Market plays an important role in creating economic
opportunities for local farmers and small businesses in Washington, D.C. and the
surrounding Chesapeake Bay region. It will be open on Fridays (except for July
3) from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m., May 1 through October 30, 2015. For the first time,
USDA will also host a night market from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. on the third Friday of
the month beginning Friday, May 15, 2015 featuring prepared food and
entertainment. AMS manages the USDA Farmers Market.

"The USDA Farmers Market fits perfectly with our mission of facilitating
marketing, and it's wonderful to see how the growth of the USDA Farmers Market
is creating so many local economic opportunities and jobs," said AMS
Administrator Alonzo. "We're excited to partner with local food entrepreneurs
this year by hosting several vendors from the DC-based Union Kitchen food
incubator program."

AMS also supports farmers markets around the country through grants, technical
assistance and applied research. This year, AMS is making available more than
$90 million in grant funding to support local food efforts through the Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program and the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion
Program. The USDA Farmers Market is one of many markets listed in USDA's Local
Food DirectoriesThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website., a set of free, online
resources provided by AMS. Consumers can search the directories for locations,
operating hours, and more details about farmers markets, food hubs,
community-supported agriculture (CSA) operations and on-farm markets.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                             May 21, 2009 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

region briefs

SECTION: Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 639 words


Grant will upgrade Shallotte market

SHALLOTTE | The Shallotte Farmer's Market will soon be getting some improvements
thanks to a $24,110 grant.

The town applied about three months ago to the N.C. Tobacco Trust Fund and will
use the money for a storage building and canopies as well as marketing and
promotion for the 4-year-old market, Town Administrator Paul Sabiston said.

He said he expects the improvements will be made this summer.

The farmer's market, held behind the Chamber of Commerce office at Riverside
Park, started May 9 and will continue every Saturday through October.

Sabiston said it is a fairly new market that needs to get the word out. He also
said a storage center would help the local farmers who now have to haul
equipment back and forth every weekend.

- Shelby Sebens

Advisory lifted for Banks Channel

Wrightsville  Beach  |  State health  regulators on Wednesday afternoon lifted a
pair of swimming advisories for Banks Channel in Wrightsville Beach.

Water samples taken on Monday indicated bacteria levels above federal and state
safe standards for human contact at testing sites at Waynick Boulevard between
Taylor and Bellamy avenues and the public beach access at Waynick and Sunset
Avenue.

While the presence of enterococci isn't harmful itself, the bacteria is often
found with other organisms that can cause gastrointestinal and skin problems.

But samples taken Tuesday showed bacteria levels back within safe levels. It
takes 24 hours for test results to come back.

Banks Channel historically has had problems with water contamination, especially
after heavy rain like what occurred over the weekend.

The state advisory only recommended against swimming in the channel.

- Gareth McGrath

Click It or Ticket in New Hanover

New Hanover County Sheriff's Office announced Wednesday the launch of "Click It
or Ticket" to crack down on motorists who are not wearing their seat belts.

In 2008, 484 unbuckled motorists died in North Carolina. In an effort to combat
this issue, New Hanover County Sheriff's Office is joining state and local law
enforcement agencies in supporting an aggressive statewide "Click It or Ticket"
seat belt enforcement campaign through May 31, according to a release from
Deputy Charles G. Smith.

Regular seat belt use is the single-most effective way to protect people and
reduce fatalities in motor vehicle crashes. Chief Deputy Ed McMahon noted that,
when worn correctly, seat belts have been proven to reduce the risk of fatal
injury to front-seat passenger car occupants by 45 percent, and by 60 percent in
pickup trucks, SUVs and minivans.

In 2008, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration reported that North
Carolina's seat belt usage rate was 89.8 percent, its highest rate ever. The
state's usage rate was 65 percent when "Click It or Ticket" started 16 years
ago.

- Staff report

Sheriff's Office offers child ID event

Members of the New Hanover County Sheriff's Office's Crime Prevention Unit will
provide free child ID kits and child safety information from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Monday at the Walmart Supercenter,  5135 Carolina Beach Road.

The event is part of the Take25 program of the National Center for Missing &
Exploited Children. The goal of Take 25 is to heighten awareness about
children's safety issues. With a focus on prevention, the campaign encourages
parents, guardians, and other trusted-adult role models to spend time talking to
kids and teaching them ways to be safer, according to a release from Deputy
Charles G. Smith of the sheriff's office.

First proclaimed by former President Ronald Reagan in 1983 as National Missing
Children's Day, May 25th serves as an annual reminder to the nation to renew
efforts to reunite missing children with their families, remembering those who
are still missing and make child protection a national priority.

- Staff report

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                            March 26, 2014 Wednesday

Produce cheaper bought at a market

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 437 words


Buying fruit and veges at a market instead of a supermarket could save a family
of four up to $49 a week, a new study has found.

Researchers from the University of Otago in Wellington put together a
hypothetical weekly shopping basket for two adults and two children, based on an
ideal intake of fruit and veges, and compared more than 3000 prices at various
shops.

They found the basket at a market cost $76, considerably less than the nearest
rival, an online supermarket, at $113 - and even then they warned that delivery
charges could push that price up.

The most expensive option, at $138, was farmers' markets, which sell only
locally grown produce

That was despite about a third of their produce, including cauliflower,
silverbeet, spinach, cucumber and pumpkin, being much cheaper than in
supermarkets.

The study also found a mild "halo effect" around markets that operated near
supermarkets: their cheaper produce drove the cost of fruit and veges down at
the big grocery chains.

Wellington's Hill St farmers' market, as well as the city's Harbourside,
Victoria St, Newtown and Porirua markets, and two farmers' markets in
Christchurch, were used in the comparison.

The supermarkets were not identified.

Harbourside Market manager Fraser Ebbett said the findings came as no surprise.
Weekend markets were attractive because produce was cheaper and the shopping
experience often involved entertainment and stalls selling hot food and other
wares.

The study found supermarkets near markets cut their prices markedly at weekends,
and were more likely to discount low-price items.

The reason for this was unknown, study co-author Anna Pearson said.

Antoinette Shallue, of Foodstuffs, which owns the New World and Pak 'n Save
chains, said the company did not cut prices to compete with street markets or
farmers' markets.

Weekend promotions were often added when there was a surplus of produce from
suppliers, and Foodstuffs' customer feedback suggested quality at street markets
was not as good as at a supermarket, she said.

The university study did not control for quality.

Study co-author Associate Professor Nick Wilson suggested central and local
governments could play a part in making it easier for low-income families to buy
healthy produce such as fruit and vegetables.

Some states in the United States gave produce market vouchers to poorer people,
he said.

"If these are usable at markets, then this can help support local growers as
well - so it can be good for regional employment."

Another approach was for local government to boost support for produce markets,
by such measures as providing free stall space. Fairfax NZ

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 4, 2015 Monday

Arkansas: Secretary Vilsack Kicks off USDA Farmers Market for 20th Season

LENGTH: 653  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack opened the 20th season of the USDA Farmers
Market with a ribbon cutting ceremony this morning. USDA Agricultural Marketing
Service (AMS) Administrator Anne Alonzo joined Secretary at the event and
highlighted the expanded market, which now includes over 30 vendors. The market
is located just off the National Mall at 12th Street and Independence Ave. S.W.
The Secretary and Administrator Alonzo also announced the new "USDA Farmers
Market at Night," open every third Friday evening of the month, which will
feature fresh fruit and vegetables as well as a variety of prepared hot food and
entertainment.

"For the past two decades, the USDA Farmers Market has shown us how farmers
markets bring urban and rural communities together and expand access to locally
grown fruit and vegetables," said Secretary Vilsack. "Like thousands of markets
around the country, the USDA Farmers Market benefits local farmers and ranchers,
small businesses, and consumers by creating economic opportunities and offering
healthy, wholesome food."

Secretary Vilsack has identified strengthening local food systems, including
farmers markets, as one of the four pillars of USDA's commitment to rural
economic development. The USDA Farmers Market welcomes customers using benefits
from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) or the Special
Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC), Senior
Farmers Market Nutrition Program coupons, and DC Produce Plus checks. As part of
the Administration's commitment to ensuring all Americans have access to a
healthy diet, USDA has authorized over 5,900 farmers markets or direct marketing
farmers nationwide to accept SNAP.

The USDA Farmers Market plays an important role in creating economic
opportunities for local farmers and small businesses in Washington, D.C. and the
surrounding Chesapeake Bay region. It will be open on Fridays (except for July
3) from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m., May 1 through October 30, 2015. For the first time,
USDA will also host a night market from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. on the third Friday of
the month beginning Friday, May 15, 2015 featuring prepared food and
entertainment. AMS manages the USDA Farmers Market.

"The USDA Farmers Market fits perfectly with our mission of facilitating
marketing, and it's wonderful to see how the growth of the USDA Farmers Market
is creating so many local economic opportunities and jobs," said AMS
Administrator Alonzo. "We're excited to partner with local food entrepreneurs
this year by hosting several vendors from the DC-based Union Kitchen food
incubator program."

AMS also supports farmers markets around the country through grants, technical
assistance and applied research. This year, AMS is making available more than
$90 million in grant funding to support local food efforts through the Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program and the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion
Program. The USDA Farmers Market is one of many markets listed in USDA's Local
Food DirectoriesThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website., a set of free, online
resources provided by AMS. Consumers can search the directories for locations,
operating hours, and more details about farmers markets, food hubs,
community-supported agriculture (CSA) operations and on-farm markets.

USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food (KYF2) initiative coordinates USDA's
local food efforts. In the past two years alone, USDA has made over 500
investments in food hubs, local processing facilities, and distribution
networks. USDA is committed to strengthening the local food sector, making sure
it is a healthy and thriving part of the broader marketplace.

#

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Star (Sheffield)

                            February 1, 2016 Monday

Market stall charges to be frozen in Chesterfield to help secure future

LENGTH: 117  words


Rent charges for market traders in Chesterfield are to be frozen to try to
secure the future of the town's outdoor market place.

Charges for traders on the general, flea and farmers' markets are to remain at
current levels and fees for electricity, storage and the promotion of the open
market are also being frozen.

Chesterfield market has between 100 and 150 regular traders.

Coun Amanda Serjeant said: "The market is the heart of our town centre and we
all want it to remain that way."

General markets are held every Monday, Friday and Saturday and the flea market
is each Thursday.

A farmers' market is held on the second Thursday of every month and an artisan
market on the last Sunday of each month."

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSST


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville New Jersey)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

BRIEF: Margate woman's peach pie doesn't win in final contest on TV

BYLINE: The Press of Atlantic City, Pleasantville, N.J.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 161 words


Aug. 27--A Mickelton woman took away first prize in an amateur peach pie
competition that was aired on Philadelphia's Fox 29 "Good Day" show today.

A Margate woman, Sandi Zakheim-Nord, was one of four final contestants in the
statewide amateur competition after winning at the Margate Community Farmer's
Market at Steve and Cookie's Restaurant on July 18.

The tasters on the show were meteorologist Caitlin Roth and traffic reporter
Kacie McDonnell.

Pegi Adam, of the New Jersey Peach Promotion Council, which hosted the contest,
said that the final contestants were selected at farmers markets.

Adam said chefs came in and tasted the many pies and chose four finalists.

The prize for the winner, a Gloucester County woman, was the choice of a trip to
Atlantic City or Cape May County.

___ (c)2013 The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) Visit The Press of
Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) at www.pressofatlanticcity.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130827-1AC-BRF-Margate-woman-s-peach-pie-doesn-t-win-in-final-contest-on-TV-08
27-20130827

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AC


                   Copyright 2013 The Press of Atlantic City


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville New Jersey)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

BRIEF: Margate woman's peach pie doesn't win in final contest on TV

BYLINE: The Press of Atlantic City, Pleasantville, N.J.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 170 words


Aug. 27--A Gloucester County woman took away first prize in an amateur peach pie
competition that was aired on Philadelphia's Fox 29 "Good Day" show today.

A Margate woman, Sandi Zakheim-Nord, was one of four final contestants in the
statewide amateur competition after winning at the Margate Community Farmer's
Market at Steve and Cookie's Restaurant on July 18.

The tasters on the show were meteorologist Caitlin Roth and traffic reporter
Kacie McDonnell.

Pegi Adam, of the New Jersey Peach Promotion Council, which hosted the contest,
said that the final contestants were selected at farmers markets.

Adam said chefs came in and tasted the many pies and chose four finalists.

The prize for the winner, Anne Danilak, of Mickelton, was the choice of a
overnight trip to Atlantic City or Cape May County with dinner for two. She
chose Cape May.

___ (c)2013 The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) Visit The Press of
Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) at www.pressofatlanticcity.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130827-1AC-BRF-Margate-woman-s-peach-pie-doesn-t-win-in-final-contest-on-TV-08
27-20130827

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AC


                   Copyright 2013 The Press of Atlantic City


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Yorkshire Evening Post

                                January 21, 2003

You can't beat a buttie for breakfast

SOURCE: Yorkshire Evening Post

LENGTH: 89 words


BY TONY HARNEY



SCHOOL children tucked into a 'full English' at the Harrogate Great Yorkshire
Showground at a promotion to sing the praises of breakfast.

The breakfast/workshop event was organised to celebrate Farmhouse Breakfast
Week.

The theme, Eat Local features a local farmer/butcher and baker to encourage
children to eat locally produced food and to tell them about the Farmers'
Markets. They heard where their food comes from and how it is produced. Both the
butcher and the baker use farmers markets.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2003 Johnston Press Plc


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                             May 26, 2012 Saturday

Feilding Promotion hopes to help others

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 188 words


Feilding Promotion is hoping to double its funding and secure a further
three-year contract to promote other towns in the Manawatu district.

Staff from the Feilding i-Site and Feilding Promotion manager Helen Worboys made
a submission to the Manawatu District Council this week in which they handed
councillors almost 30 years' worth of newspaper clippings as evidence of the
service's value to the region.

Feilding Promotion hoped to increase its council grant from about $160,000 a
year to $339,000, which would pay for staff and administrative costs.

Last month, Feilding Promotion criticised the council for a lack of funding,
saying its events were better than those in Palmerston North.

Chairman Michael Ford said its efforts had turned "a tired, old and apathetic
place with very little going on" into a bustling town with a farmers market, a
well-presented central business district, and varied events.

Mayor Margaret Kouvelis said the council would consider the submission and aimed
to organise meetings with Feilding Promotion and other tourism groups to discuss
the strategic development of the Manawatu district's attractions.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Sentinel Echo (London, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Restaurant tax boosts Shriners' Bluegrass Festival

BYLINE: Nita Johnson, The Sentinel Echo, London, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 867 words


Oct. 29--Every May, the Laurel County Fairgrounds transforms into a concert
setting with bluegrass and gospel music filling the air.

But even with some performers for the annual event cutting their rates -- and
some donating their time and talent -- the costs of footing the bills increases
every year.

That predicament sent Bobby Baker, organizer of the annual Shriners' Bluegrass
Festival, before the London City Tourism Commission at their regular meeting on
Monday. Baker requested a financial boost of $15,000 to $20,000 help with the
2015 event.

While other members supported a $15,000 donation, commission member Troy House
suggested the commission match the $5,000 promised by the Laurel County Fiscal
Court. House said he thought the request was "too much."

The event, which is free to the public, is able to recoup part of their expenses
through sponsorships.

Baker said the request for $15,000 would help quite a bit, then told commission
members that all proceeds from the event go to the Shriners' Hospital.
Approximately 214 Laurel County children currently benefit from the services
offered by the hospital, Baker said.

"The vans go and pick up the children, feed the family and don't charge them a
cent," Baker said.

During the discussion, Chairman Bill Dezarn questioned the sponsorship billing
for their donation, asking about a 'title sponsorship,' which Baker agreed to.
Sponsors receive signs at the event as well as listing in media releases.

London City Mayor Troy Rudder advocated the sponsorship to commission members,
citing his own personal experience with Shriners' Hospital.

"I had a niece who went to Shriners until she was 18 and until she passed away,"
Rudder said, "So this is something that is close to my heart. It's a good
organization."

After more discussion, Mackey Williams made a motion to allocate $15,000 to the
Shriners' Bluegrass Festival with Bill Dezarn seconding the motion. A vote of
all seven members showed approval by all except House, who opposed.

House did, however, present information on the restaurant promotion that will
offer 'scratch off' cards to customers. The cards will be placed at area
businesses and will offer discounts at participating restaurants in the area.

"Consumers can visit ticket locations and get the scratch off cards, which will
offer a percentage off at local restaurants," he explained. "Because of the
gaming laws, we can't charge for the cards because that would be a lottery and
we can't do that. But we can offer the cards with a total of $10,000 in prizes
and discounts."

House outlined the breakdown of the discounts that offer $1, $2, $3, $5, and $10
off purchases at area restaurants who have the option of participating in the
program.

Commission member Ricky Ball made the motion to proceed with the promotion,
which passed unanimously.

Special upcoming events were also a topic discussed, with City Tourism executive
director Chris Robinson telling commissioners that Saturday, Oct. 25 was the
"Boo on Main" event.

"The weather is supposed to be good, and we have 41 stops," Robinson said. "The
streets will be closed between Fourth and Ninth so the kids can visit the
stores."

Boo on Main is in its third year and will be held between 2 and 4 p.m.

Robinson also said the annual Randy Smith Christmas on Main will be held on
Friday, Dec. 5 with the theme of "Silver Bells and Snowflakes" to commemorate
the 25th year of the downtown parade. The event includes the winner of a poem
writing contest and the official lighting of the Christmas tree at Farmer's
Market.

Another project soon celebrating its official opening is the Wellness Park
located on the College Park property off the Ky. 192-Bypass. The Wellness Park
has undergone extensive construction and will feature a bike track, walking
paths, and recreation areas. The ribbon cutting event will be held on Tuesday,
Oct. 28.

Robinson also discussed other events that include the Farmer's Market
.Agritourism that will feature Thursday night entertainment at Farmer's Market
over a six-week period. The event will highlight local farmers' produce and
homemade items as well as the musical performance of Frontier.

Bids for the Holiday Ice Rink will end next week, Robinson said, and mentioned
that new office space for the city tourism commission has been secured. The
office will be open five days per week from 9 a.m. till 5 p.m., Robinson added.

The strategic planning sessions that included seven different areas involving
tourism events went well, Robinson said. Under the parks and facilities section,
Robinson said there had been "several great ideas" and officials were partnering
with London Downtown and Trail Town members to generate events to draw tourists
to London. Rodney Hendrickson, co-director of the London-Laurel County Tourism
Commission, is working with Robinson on cycling events and both commissions are
working together on adventure tourism projects. Other breakdowns for the
strategic planning session s include sports tourism and facilities, arts and
cultural heritage and beautification improvement plans.

___ (c)2014 The Sentinel Echo (London, Ky.) Visit The Sentinel Echo (London,
Ky.) at www.sentinel-echo.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141029-EE-Restaurant-tax-boosts-Shriners-Bluegrass-Festival-1029-20141029

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EE


                        Copyright 2014 The Sentinel Echo


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     High Point Enterprise (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 8, 2007 Wednesday

U-m-m-m: Good!

BYLINE: Erica Kinnaird, High Point Enterprise, N.C.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 401 words


Aug. 8--COLFAX -- Biting into a chunk of cold, juicy watermelon on a hot day --
you can't get much more "summery" than that.

The Piedmont Triad Farmers Market will pay homage to the bountiful fruit on
Friday, with loads of watermelons for sale, and samples of the fruit as well.

Watermelon Day is always a hit with adults and kids alike.

The event will take place at the Farmers Market, located at 2914 Sandy Ridge
Road, on Friday from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Free samples will be available.

Summer is the perfect time for watermelon -- especially since it's mostly water.

"We average (eating) about two watermelons a week," says Robin Kingery, of
Stoneville, on a visit to the farmers market. "We bought a regular watermelon
(this time), but we like the seedless. I cut it first, then put it in the
fridge. If it's there, (the family) will eat it. ... I come here twice a week."

And it's clear that locals enjoy all varieties of the flavorful fruit. Vendors
at the farmers market report that all types sell well; lots ofvarieties are
available, and many don't mind which type they have -- as long as they have it.

Many prefer the seedless varieties due to convenience.

"They don't taste any different, and my little one loves to eat watermelon,"
says Renea Myers, of Greensboro.

Some vendors say watermelon with seeds taste sweeter, but it's all a matter of
opinion. Whatever type you choose, selecting good watermelons isn't all that
difficult.

According to the National Watermelon Promotion Board, you should look for a
firm, symmetrical fruit that is free of bruises, cuts or dents. Lift it up. The
watermelon should be heavy for its size -- it's 92 percent water, and most of
the weight is water. The underside of the fruit should have a creamy yellow spot
where it sat on the ground and ripened in the sun.

Uncut watermelons keep at room temperature for up to two weeks, and cut
watermelons should be stored in a refrigerator.

For more watermelon tips, visit www.watermelon.org.

ekinnaird@hpe.com|888-3578

To see more of the High Point Enterprise, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.hpe.com. Copyright (c) 2007, High Point Enterprise, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070808-HP-U-m-m-m-0808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HP


                      Copyright 2007 High Point Enterprise


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 5, 2015 Friday

Officials say it took a group effort to launch new farmers market in Reading

BYLINE: Don Spatz, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 459 words


June 05--Planning a bigger Penn Street Farmers Market in a new location and at a
new time was a group effort, led by market director Lucine Sihelnik but also
involving other agencies, sponsors and the U.S. Agriculture Department.

And they each took a moment, at the Fifth and Penn streets ribbon-cutting
Thursday, to revel in its promise.

"Isn't it great to have a setting like this?" Mayor Vaughn D. Spencer asked the
crowd. "In history, Reading was the place to come to, bringing the farmers into
town."

The farmers market is one of many initiatives in the city's plan for downtown
revitalization.

"I'm glad to see all the things we envisioned happening, starting to take hold,"
Spencer said.

Speakers from the Downtown Improvement District, the Reading Parking Authority,
the I-LEAD Charter School, the Berks County Agricultural Land Preservation Board
and others joined in the praise.

"This is a wonderful, wonderful day," said Brian Kelly, executive director of
ReDesign Reading, a city agency that took over the market and hired Sihelnik to
run it. "I'm excited about the renewed energy in the Penn Street Farmers Market
."

The stands also off parking vouchers for shoppers who had parked at the Fourth &
Cherry or Chiarelli Plaza garages, said Patrick B. Mulligan, executive director
of the Reading Parking Authority.

There was a new wrinkle: Shoppers using so-called SNAP or WIC vouchers to buy
produce got their spending matched -- up to $10 per day per person -- by the
U.S. Agriculture Department.

"Having this farmers market in the heart of the community really underscores the
importance of farmers markets," said James Harmon, the New Jersey-based regional
director of the USDA's supplemental nutrition program.

Market Thursdays will run through Sept. 24, and also feature entertainment and
cooking demonstrations.

The opener was hosted by Chef Tim of the Crowne Plaza Reading, Wyomissing. He
showed how to break down a whole chicken, then make grilled chicken breast with
grilled Roma tomatoes, spinach, field greens, snow peas and balsamic.

Chief among several market sponsors is Berks Country magazine, published
Wednesdays in the Reading Eagle.

"Berks Country is involved in this because it's the right thing to do," said
David L. Kline, executive director of circulation and promotions for Reading
Eagle Company and president of WEEU, Berks County's only locally owned radio
station.

But he added it's also because the company runs the "Berks Country" program on
WEEU and has established a Berks Country Fest coming up in mid-June.

Contact Don Spatz: 610-371-5027 or dspatz@readingeagle.com

TODAY'S SPONSOR:

___ (c)2015 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150605-RE-Officials-say-it-took-a-group-effort-to-launch-new-
farmers-market-in-Reading-0605-20150605

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2015 Reading Eagle


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                          September 19, 2009 Saturday

Season ends for Farmers' Market

BYLINE: By Reid Wright Current-Argus Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 466 words


CARLSBAD -- The Carlsbad Downtown Farmers' Market ended its season with a bang
Saturday, with a full array of vendors and live music from Roy Herrerra.

Pat Kearney, market manager for the farmers' market, said the event attracted
nearly double the vendors from last year and she hopes it will grow again next
year.

"I'm happy and sad to see it close down," she said. "People are like family
here."

Kearney said more money was spent on promotion this year, which drew a bigger
crowd. She said shoppers came from out of town, and passing tourists stopped by
to shop.

"It was bigger and better than ever," said Linda Frank, who sells pottery at the
market. "I hope that it continues to grow."

Frank said she hopes next year will bring more growers to support demand for
fresh food. She even encourages small gardeners to come out, adding she makes
enough money at the market to make her hobby as a potter worthwhile.

"I'm supporting my habit," she said with a laugh.

Kearney said the farmers' market was revived three years ago in the hopes of
providing a place for local farmers and vendors to sell their goods.

The event offered fresh produce, hand-made crafts, native plants and local foods
as well as more specialized items such as locally made soaps and hand bags made
from recycled food packaging.

The market is designed to bring economic development to downtown Carlsbad, offer
local venders and growers a place to sell their goods, and provide a place for
community members to meet and see friends, Kearney said.

She said a local market also reduces the carbon footprint associated with
shipping goods from far away. The market also draws shoppers to downtown
businesses, stimulating the local economy, she said.

"Buying local is incredibly important," she said.

Officials from the city of Carlsbad and Eddy County are instrumental in the
market's success, she said.

"I have nothing but praise for our city and county," she said.

Kearny said she hopes the farmers' market will eventually become financially
self-sustainable. It is currently supported by the Carlsbad Main Street Project
and sponsored by Mosaic Potash, Intrepid Potash, Constructors Inc., Carlsbad
National Bank and Western Commerce Bank.

But just because the farmers' market is over for the year does not mean its
organizers are done. Volunteers are needed to help write grant proposals for
next year, Kearny said. Organizers hope to purchase a covered trailer to
transport materials to and from the market.

Meetings to organize next year's market will be held in March and May, and will
be promoted in advance, she said.

The Main Street project also seeks volunteers for a number of other projects,
such as a community garden, the Carlsbad Fall Festival and Christmas parade,
Kearney said.

For more information call Kearney at (575) 706-6597.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Shoppers check their notes during Saturday s season finale for the 2009
Carlsbad Downtown Farmers Market. At left, back to camera, is Jimi Genzling, one
of the popular regulars on the Farmers Market vendors. Reid Wright/Current-Argus

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Redlands Daily Facts (California)

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

Coffee With the Council will be held Saturday Children's choir will present
concert Saturday Cooking demonstration slated at farmers' market Joan McCall
will sign 'Redlands Remembered' Group offers free flights for young people

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 574 words


The City Council will continue its Coffee With the Council meetings 9 to 10:30
a.m.on Saturdayat Olive Avenue Market, 530 W. Olive Ave., Redlands.

Mayor Paul Foster and Council Member John James will attend.

The monthly Coffee With the Council was begun in February 2011.

The informal meetings are held the third Saturday of each month, rotating among
three local restaurants - Olive Avenue Market, 530 W. Olive Ave.; Cuca's Mexican
Food, 1752 E. Lugonia Ave.; and Stell Coffee & Tea Company, 1580 Barton Road,
Suite A.

Council members rotate attendance, with no more than two members at each
meeting.

The meetings give people an opportunity to ask questions or share concerns
outside the formal setting of a City Council meeting.

Source: City of Redlands

Participants in the Clarion Kids Choir Vocal Performance Boot Camp will present
a concert at 7 p.m. on Saturdayin Kimberly Hall at First Congregational Church
of Redlands, 2 W. Olive Ave., Redlands.

The "Made in the USA" concert will feature patriotic music, Broadway show tunes,
jazz, music from the Big Band era, rock and roll and country songs.

There will be an ice cream social following the concert.

Debbie Prutsman directs the Clarion Kids Choir, which rehearses Sunday mornings
at First Congregational Church. The choir is open to children in the community
from kindergarten through fifth grade.

Source: First Congregational Church of Redlands

Jesse Silva of Street Tacos Catering will give a cooking demonstration during
Redlands' Saturday morning farmers' market on Saturday.

The farmers' market is 8 to 11 a.m. along Redlands Boulevard between Fifth and
Sixth streets.

Cooking demonstrations at the farmers' market are funded by the U.S. Department
of Agriculture's Farmers Market Promotion Program grant awarded to the city of
Redlands Development Services Department's Economic Development Division in
2014.

Showcasing seasonal produce from the market, the cooking demonstrations are
intended to show the ingredients one can find at the farmers' markets and how to
cook with them and are intended to promote healthy eating habits and locally and
regionally grown produce.

Jesse Silva and Street Tacos Catering have put on three cooking demonstrations
at the Saturday morning market.

Source: City of Redlands

Joan Hedges McCall will sign copies of her 2012 book "Redlands Remembered:
Stories from the Jewel of the Inland Empire" from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. on
Saturdayat Costco, 1099 E. Hospitality Lane, San Bernardino.

The stories in the book, researched and written by McCall, tell how and why
Redlands developed out of dusty, semi-arid land into a greenbelt of orange
groves, parks and Victorian homes.

The book is available at local bookstores, independent retailers and online
retailers and through Arcadia Publishing at 888-313-2665
orwww.arcadiapublishing.com.

Source: Arcadia Publishing

The Experimental Aircraft Association, Redlands Chapter 845, offers free flights
for young people ages 8 to 17 on Saturdayat Redlands Municipal Airport, 1745
Sessums Drive, Redlands.

The flights are offered through the chapter's Young Eagles program. Registration
is 9 to 10 a.m. in the airport lobby. There will be a brief pre-flight
instruction.

The Experimental Aircraft Association has Young Eagles flight days several times
a year to introduce young people to flying.

For information, contact Beverly Buck at 909-771-3279 orbeverlybuck42@yahoo.com

Source: Experimental Aircraft Association, Redlands Chapter 845

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                            September 3, 2010 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Put farmers' market in downtown parking lot

BYLINE: Guy B. Reaume, Windsor Star

SECTION: EDITORIAL/OPINION; Letter of the Day; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 281  words


As a young boy, I'd look forward to the early Saturday morning trip to the
Windsor Market with my grandmother. Everyone knew her, it was a huge, fun,
social event.

The Downtown Business Association and the City of Windsor should keep their
noses out of this event to make this market successful. We could use many other
products.

Farmers are farmers, bargain food hunters are just that, baby buggies and dogs
have no place at this outdoor event, nor do clown faces, popcorn makers,
paintings and crafts. Farmers come to sell their wares, foodies come to buy
them, neither spend a dime elsewhere.

This is a once-a-week six-hour sell-a-thon where local growers can promote and
sell their products, hopefully at realistic prices.

The City of Windsor built a huge parking lot at Goyeau Street and Park Street,
which sits empty on Saturdays. It's in the centre of downtown, has great
visibility, tons of area parking, good bus service and plenty of coffee shops
and restaurants nearby.

They could supply temporary insurance, security, power, refrigeration,
port-a-potties, etc. and pro-rate these costs to the vendors and the Windsor
BIA. It needn't be an expensive proposition, with colourful tents, flags and
imagination these growers could have a great sale, rain or shine. The current
temporary market is a Band-Aid approach surely. This key property can be sold
off and made into a new, exciting downtown development.

Your vote in the upcoming elections can determine the fate of local politicians
and Windsor's future. Hopefully, you'll vote-in intelligent thinkers and not
those building a future for themselves. Who knows, Windsor could once again have
a great market.

Guy B. Reaume,

Windsor

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Ben Nelms, The Windsor Star; Executive director of  Farmers' Market
Ontario Robert Chorney takes a stroll through the  Windsor farmer's market.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    October 31, 1995, Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

PLOTTING A RECOVERY;
A grasp for profits: Harry's Farmers Market is making several moves aimed at a
quick turnaround for the ailing company.

BYLINE: Chris Roush; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 539 words


Slightly more than one month after company founder Harry Blazer regained
day-to-day control of Harry's Farmers Market Inc., a top company executive says
the management team is implementing a number of changes designed to return the
struggling Atlanta-based chain to profitability.

Terry Ransom, Harry's chief administrative officer, said investors will begin
"seeing results" by the end of the current fiscal year, Jan. 31. He declined to
set a specific target date for when Harry's might again be profitable.

''We need to position ourselves so the investing public has confidence in our
ability to grow," said Ransom, who was elevated to board member and chief
administrative officer in the management shake-up last month.

Then Blazer ousted four of five board members and several other top executives
left, including the chief financial officer he'd brought in earlier in the year
to engineer a turnaround.

Blazer was unavailable for comment Monday.

The chain's two biggest problems are a food production plant operating at just
40 percent capacity and poor sales at its newest store in Clayton County.

While some of the moves address these problems, others are not considered to
have much impact.

To boost food production at the plant, Ransom said the company is negotiating
joint ventures. The deals would involve new store locations or Harry's selling
prepared foods to the joint venture partner. He declined to name any potential
partners or be more specific.

The company is also talking to two companies about buying its packaged foods.
Harry's currently sells to the Bi-Lo chain.

As for the Clayton store, Harry's used radio promotions to attract crowds last
weekend.

Ransom said the company is also:

> Decreasing waste at stores by returning product mix decisions to a central
office. Ransom said food waste increased above 25 percent in August and
September, but dropped to 5 percent in October.

> Introducing 21 new products in the prepared food section.

> Restructuring the company into teams, all of which report directly to Blazer.

In the past, Blazer's management style has been blamed for the company's ills
and was a reason the board forced Blazer to resign in August. After returning,
Blazer fired 50 employees at headquarters, expected to save $ 2 million in the
next 12 months, and said the company would lose 40 to 45 cents a share in its
fiscal third quarter.

Paul Lapides, a professor of management and entrepreneurship at Kennesaw State
College who has watched the company, is skeptical. "From everything I've seen, I
don't believe Blazer can run this company," he said. The company "needs to focus
on growth, not cutting operating costs."

Ransom, however, said Harry's will expand once the company returns to
profitability. It would still like to open stores in Nashville and Charlotte.

"We have to protect our current investors and get our stock price back up," said
Ransom. "That allows us to grow."

Analysts haven't been briefed on all of the moves. "But they can not sustain any
more operating months like August and September," said J.C. Bradford analyst
Gary Dennis. "This is the type of situation where we will know shortly whether
it's working."

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: Cost-cutting actions
Harry's has taken
While Harry's Farmers Market Inc. must stem the flow of losses caused by
its Clayton County store and operating at only 40 percent capacity at its
manufacturing plant, it has also implemented a number of other cost-
saving measures. Among them:
> Switched health insurance plans for its employees to less-costly
options. > Cut inventories at its warehouse. Harry's has a year's supply
of some nonperishable items.
> Cut its human resources department. Its functions are now outsourced.
> Cut its four-person legal department. Its functions are now also done
outside the company.
> Changed recipes in certain products to cheaper ingredients.

Color Photo: Terry Ransom, chief administrative officer of Harry's
Farmer's Market. / PHIL SKINNER / Staff
Color Photo: A Harry's Farmer's Market employee. / Phil Skinner / Staff

Line Graph: Harry's Famers Market-Ups and Downs
> May 20, 1993-Initial offering Price: $ 17
> Oct. 8, 1993-Stock hits high of $ 31.25
> Oct. 19, 1995-Stock hits low of $ 2.75
> Monday - Stock closes at $ 3.50
/ John Caserta / Staff

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Marin Independent Journal (Marin, CA)

                           September 19, 2004 Sunday

Promoting organic

BYLINE: By Mark Prado, IJ reporter<p>

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 609 words


Marin group touts advantages of going green

to farmers and customers

Exposure, education and the environment play a large role in the mission of
Marin Organic, an organization of Marin's burgeoning organic growers designed to
promote their businesses.

Formed in 1999, Marin Organic has grown in recent years and now has almost 30
growers, recently added a Web site and has hired a new executive director to
spread the word about organic farming in Marin.

"At first I was a little skeptical," said grower David Little, who produces
potatoes and tomatoes on his land in Tomales. "I guess farmers are skeptical in
general, but in the last year I have seen where they have helped. It's good to
have them around because they get the word out on what we do. Education of the
public is important."

Little - who "dry farms" by using moisture in the soil to grow his flavorful
crops rather than traditional watering - said more promotion of his products
locally would allow him to sell more locally.

"I was in San Francisco last night until 1 a.m. because that is where the market
is," Little said Tuesday. "It would be nice to go down the road and be able to
sell what I have."

Marin's organic market is growing. Marin's organic crops are valued at more than
$4 million annually, according to the county's agricultural report. Roughly
2,330 acres in Marin are farmed organically - with growers avoiding pesticides,
hormones and chemical fertilizers. In 1997 the crop had a value of $3.1 million
and 312 acres were farmed organically.

"Marin Organic is doing very well," said Warren Weber of Star Route Farms in
Bolinas, one of the growers who got the project up and running. He grows fennel,
romaine and cress among other crops.

There are farmers markets in Point Reyes Station on Saturdays and a farm stand
in Ross on Tuesdays to promote Marin's wealth of organic goods. There is talk of
creating a farmers market in the Canal Area in San Rafael, Weber said.

Marin Organic has connected with schools in Novato and other areas to provide
organic food for lunch programs as a way for kids to eat healthier and to learn
about organic food. The organization was recently given a new refrigerated truck
by an anonymous donor to keep the food fresh while being ferried to schools,
Weber said.

"We want to promote and emphasize the importance of agriculture in Marin and the
importance of a sustainable food system," said Helge Hellbert, executive
director of Marin Organic, who was hired in February. "Some schools import food
from 200 miles away when we have the same things right here in Marin."

The organization - which has offices in Point Reyes Station - has set goals for
itself to promote organics in Marin including increasing the number of organic
farms and expanding outreach to farmers and ranchers who are interested in
switching to organic.

Aside from farming, the organization also is striving to restore riparian
habitat and soil fertility. To be certified organic, growers avoid pesticides,
hormones and chemical fertilizers, and grow using methods that conserve soil,
protect the watershed and employ fair labor practices.

In terms of education, Marin Organic wants to increase the number of farm tours
for school children that offer them real-world experience and teach them where
their food comes from.

That is the type of education that will benefit Marin's organic farmers in the
long term, Little said.

"The small guys like us are getting squeezed by the big guys. The more education
we get out to the public helps us," he said.

Contact Mark Prado via e-mail at mprado@marinij.com

Copyright and permissions

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

    Copyright 2004 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 5, 2015 Tuesday

WASHINGTON:Secretary Vilsack Kicks off USDA Farmers Market for Season

LENGTH: 653  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack opened the 20th season of the USDA Farmers
Market with a ribbon cutting ceremony this morning. USDA Agricultural Marketing
Service (AMS) Administrator Anne Alonzo joined Secretary at the event and
highlighted the expanded market, which now includes over 30 vendors. The market
is located just off the National Mall at 12th Street and Independence Ave. S.W.
The Secretary and Administrator Alonzo also announced the new "USDA Farmers
Market at Night," open every third Friday evening of the month, which will
feature fresh fruit and vegetables as well as a variety of prepared hot food and
entertainment.

"For the past two decades, the USDA Farmers Market has shown us how farmers
markets bring urban and rural communities together and expand access to locally
grown fruit and vegetables," said Secretary Vilsack. "Like thousands of markets
around the country, the USDA Farmers Market benefits local farmers and ranchers,
small businesses, and consumers by creating economic opportunities and offering
healthy, wholesome food."

Secretary Vilsack has identified strengthening local food systems, including
farmers markets, as one of the four pillars of USDA's commitment to rural
economic development. The USDA Farmers Market welcomes customers using benefits
from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) or the Special
Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC), Senior
Farmers Market Nutrition Program coupons, and DC Produce Plus checks. As part of
the Administration's commitment to ensuring all Americans have access to a
healthy diet, USDA has authorized over 5,900 farmers markets or direct marketing
farmers nationwide to accept SNAP.

The USDA Farmers Market plays an important role in creating economic
opportunities for local farmers and small businesses in Washington, D.C. and the
surrounding Chesapeake Bay region. It will be open on Fridays (except for July
3) from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m., May 1 through October 30, 2015. For the first time,
USDA will also host a night market from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. on the third Friday of
the month beginning Friday, May 15, 2015 featuring prepared food and
entertainment. AMS manages the USDA Farmers Market.

"The USDA Farmers Market fits perfectly with our mission of facilitating
marketing, and it's wonderful to see how the growth of the USDA Farmers Market
is creating so many local economic opportunities and jobs," said AMS
Administrator Alonzo. "We're excited to partner with local food entrepreneurs
this year by hosting several vendors from the DC-based Union Kitchen food
incubator program."

AMS also supports farmers markets around the country through grants, technical
assistance and applied research. This year, AMS is making available more than
$90 million in grant funding to support local food efforts through the Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program and the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion
Program. The USDA Farmers Market is one of many markets listed in USDA's Local
Food DirectoriesThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website., a set of free, online
resources provided by AMS. Consumers can search the directories for locations,
operating hours, and more details about farmers markets, food hubs,
community-supported agriculture (CSA) operations and on-farm markets.

USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food (KYF2) initiative coordinates USDA's
local food efforts. In the past two years alone, USDA has made over 500
investments in food hubs, local processing facilities, and distribution
networks. USDA is committed to strengthening the local food sector, making sure
it is a healthy and thriving part of the broader marketplace.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday

WASHINGTON:Secretary Vilsack Kicks off USDA Farmers Market for 20th Season

LENGTH: 653  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack opened the 20th season of the USDA Farmers
Market with a ribbon cutting ceremony this morning. USDA Agricultural Marketing
Service (AMS) Administrator Anne Alonzo joined Secretary at the event and
highlighted the expanded market, which now includes over 30 vendors. The market
is located just off the National Mall at 12th Street and Independence Ave. S.W.
The Secretary and Administrator Alonzo also announced the new "USDA Farmers
Market at Night," open every third Friday evening of the month, which will
feature fresh fruit and vegetables as well as a variety of prepared hot food and
entertainment.

"For the past two decades, the USDA Farmers Market has shown us how farmers
markets bring urban and rural communities together and expand access to locally
grown fruit and vegetables," said Secretary Vilsack. "Like thousands of markets
around the country, the USDA Farmers Market benefits local farmers and ranchers,
small businesses, and consumers by creating economic opportunities and offering
healthy, wholesome food."

Secretary Vilsack has identified strengthening local food systems, including
farmers markets, as one of the four pillars of USDA's commitment to rural
economic development. The USDA Farmers Market welcomes customers using benefits
from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) or the Special
Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC), Senior
Farmers Market Nutrition Program coupons, and DC Produce Plus checks. As part of
the Administration's commitment to ensuring all Americans have access to a
healthy diet, USDA has authorized over 5,900 farmers markets or direct marketing
farmers nationwide to accept SNAP.

The USDA Farmers Market plays an important role in creating economic
opportunities for local farmers and small businesses in Washington, D.C. and the
surrounding Chesapeake Bay region. It will be open on Fridays (except for July
3) from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m., May 1 through October 30, 2015. For the first time,
USDA will also host a night market from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. on the third Friday of
the month beginning Friday, May 15, 2015 featuring prepared food and
entertainment. AMS manages the USDA Farmers Market.

"The USDA Farmers Market fits perfectly with our mission of facilitating
marketing, and it's wonderful to see how the growth of the USDA Farmers Market
is creating so many local economic opportunities and jobs," said AMS
Administrator Alonzo. "We're excited to partner with local food entrepreneurs
this year by hosting several vendors from the DC-based Union Kitchen food
incubator program."

AMS also supports farmers markets around the country through grants, technical
assistance and applied research. This year, AMS is making available more than
$90 million in grant funding to support local food efforts through the Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program and the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion
Program. The USDA Farmers Market is one of many markets listed in USDA's Local
Food DirectoriesThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website., a set of free, online
resources provided by AMS. Consumers can search the directories for locations,
operating hours, and more details about farmers markets, food hubs,
community-supported agriculture (CSA) operations and on-farm markets.

USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food (KYF2) initiative coordinates USDA's
local food efforts. In the past two years alone, USDA has made over 500
investments in food hubs, local processing facilities, and distribution
networks. USDA is committed to strengthening the local food sector, making sure
it is a healthy and thriving part of the broader marketplace.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                             March 15, 2010 Monday

Farmers market to remain locally owned

BYLINE: By STEVE SNYDER Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 413 words


To the relief of its vendors, the Lebanon Farmers Market will remain under local
ownership.

M&T Bank, the primary lien holder that was awarded ownership of the bank on Jan.
25, has accepted a bid from Byler Management Co.

"We were the approved bidder," Jon Byler said Monday.

Byler said he would reserve further comment until the transfer of ownership was
completed, which is likely to take about two weeks.

Byler and his father, John, are owners of three Lebanon County golf courses:
Iron Valley, Lebanon Valley and Blue Mountain. Another partner in Byler
Management is Henry Yingst. The Bylers and Yingst are part of an ownership group
that bought Boger Concrete of Annville in August 2007.

The purchase price for the market was not disclosed.

Greg Bracale, president of the market vendors association, said the association
is "pleased" that the market will remain with local owners, whom he described as
"outstanding community leaders."

The association was formed early last year to handle marketing and promotions
for the market.

"We look forward to putting the past behind us and moving forward," Bracale
said. "The market is open and ready to serve you."

The market operates Thursday through Saturday weekly.

M&T spokesman Kent Wissinger did not have any comment Monday on the choice of
Byler Management.

There was at least one and possibly as many as three other bidders, according to
anonymous sources who were familiar with the bidding process.

The market building was built in 1892 and remained the market's home for 60
years. The building also served as a Vaudeville theater, the site of Lebanon
Business College and a sewing factory.

The farmers market had been operating at 15 N. Ninth St. since 1965 before
developer Bill Kolovani bought it and returned it to its original home at 31-35
S. Eighth St.

On Nov. 30, 2006, the new market opened to rave reviews.

About a year later, the nation's economy officially entered its longest
recession since the Great Depression, and hopes that the market would serve as a
magnet for other businesses faded.

Kolovani filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in June to avoid having the property
sold at sheriff's sale. On Jan. 25, Chief Bankruptcy Judge Mary France awarded
ownership of the market and the Kolovani and Co. men's and women's clothing
store, 816-818 Cumberland St., to M&T.

Kolovani did not pay taxes on either property for the past three years. Past-due
taxes on the market house total $193,533.

stevesnyder@ldnews.com; 272-5611, ext. 152

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Vendors and buyers walk through the labyrinthine Lebanon Farmers Market
on Saturday. Locally owned Byler Management Co. won the bidding for the market
recently.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                            September 4, 2015 Friday

Market town hungry for success with first food week

BYLINE: Emily Flanagan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 265 words


BUSINESS owners and residents in a market town are to hold their first dedicated
celebration of food producers, restaurants, cafe and pubs next month.

Stokesley Food Week will run from Saturday, October 3 until Saturday, October 10
and will showcase the variety of places to eat and drink in the town.

The festival has been organised by Stokesley Parish Council and a host of local
businesses and will include pop-up food demonstrations, promotions by local
cafes, pubs and restaurants and activities for children.

The week will kick-off with special events at the monthly Stokesley Farmers'
Market - which was named the best farmers' market in England in 2014 - held on
The Plain on Saturday, October 3.

Parish councillor Ian Blakemore said: "The aim of Stokesley Food Week is to
showcase our town's vibrant gastronomic scene. It's a completely new idea and we
hope it will lead to a dedicated food festival in Stokesley early next year."

Councillor Stewart Brennan, also a member of Stokesley Parish Council, said in
recent years the town had seen many new, independent businesses opening. They
also wanted to build on the huge success of the town's farmers' market.

"Many people may not even be aware that Stokesley has everything from a
sophisticated hotel and high-end bistros to traditional tea shops, cosy pubs
producing their own real ale and ice cream and pancake experts," he said.

"We want to encourage people not only from the town but also the surrounding
areas to enjoy what's on offer in the town and sample a range of food."

For more information visit; www.facebook.com/StokesleyFoodWeek

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Western Telegraph

                             April 19, 2010 Monday

Crabb backs Pembrokeshire food with promise to fight for 'honest labelling'

SECTION: PRESELI PEMBROKESHIRE

LENGTH: 329 words


Stephen Crabb made a campaign stop at Haverfordwest Farmers Market on Friday
(April 16th) to highlight Conservative plans to support local food producers and
put an end to dishonest labelling of non-British food.

Honest food labelling would be a key priority for a new Conservative Government.
Current laws allow foreign meats to be imported into Britain to be processed
into bacon, sausages and pies which can then be labelled to suggest they are
'British'.

Conservatives will introduce honest 'country of origin' labelling to restore
trust and allow people to choose food with confidence.

Mr Crabb also used the visit to discuss a range of issues with the traders at
the Farmers Market such as transport costs and employment regulations. He has
been a strong supporter of the market since it was launched and has worked with
several local food producers on initiatives to promote their products in
Pembrokeshire and further afield.

Speaking at Haverfordwest Farmers Market, Mr Crabb said: "Pembrokeshire is a
county rich in the products of the land and the sea, from potatoes to chocolate,
lobster to lamb and sea bass, beef to cheese. Local food production is an
increasingly important part of the Pembrokeshire economy. I want more food
retailers, in the county and further afield, to recognise the high quality of
the produce and put it on their shelves.

"Conservative plans for honest food labelling; a new supermarket Ombudsman to
ensure fair supply practices from the supermarkets; and new measures to
encourage small and micro businesses to grow will provide a boost to food
producers right across our county.

"Another measure we would drive forward is to ensure more of the food the public
sector buys comes from UK sources. This brings a huge range of benefits: a
greener food chain, improved nutritional standards, support for higher welfare
standards, and a stronger rural economy. We will work with local authorities,
schools and hospitals to increase local sourcing."

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 1, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Secretary Vilsack Kicks off USDA Farmers Market for 20th Season

LENGTH: 657  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, May 1, 2015 -- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack opened the 20th
season of the USDA Farmers Market with a ribbon cutting ceremony this morning.
USDA Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) Administrator Anne Alonzo joined
Secretary at the event and highlighted the expanded market, which now includes
over 30 vendors. The market is located just off the National Mall at 12th Street
and Independence Ave. S.W. The Secretary and Administrator Alonzo also announced
the new "USDA Farmers Market at Night," open every third Friday evening of the
month, which will feature fresh fruit and vegetables as well as a variety of
prepared hot food and entertainment.

"For the past two decades, the USDA Farmers Market has shown us how farmers
markets bring urban and rural communities together and expand access to locally
grown fruit and vegetables," said Secretary Vilsack. "Like thousands of markets
around the country, the USDA Farmers Market benefits local farmers and ranchers,
small businesses, and consumers by creating economic opportunities and offering
healthy, wholesome food."

Secretary Vilsack has identified strengthening local food systems, including
farmers markets, as one of the four pillars of USDA's commitment to rural
economic development. The USDA Farmers Market welcomes customers using benefits
from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) or the Special
Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants and Children (WIC), Senior
Farmers Market Nutrition Program coupons, and DC Produce Plus checks. As part of
the Administration's commitment to ensuring all Americans have access to a
healthy diet, USDA has authorized over 5,900 farmers markets or direct marketing
farmers nationwide to accept SNAP.

The USDA Farmers Market plays an important role in creating economic
opportunities for local farmers and small businesses in Washington, D.C. and the
surrounding Chesapeake Bay region. It will be open on Fridays (except for July
3) from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m., May 1 through October 30, 2015. For the first time,
USDA will also host a night market from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. on the third Friday of
the month beginning Friday, May 15, 2015 featuring prepared food and
entertainment. AMS manages the USDA Farmers Market.

"The USDA Farmers Market fits perfectly with our mission of facilitating
marketing, and it's wonderful to see how the growth of the USDA Farmers Market
is creating so many local economic opportunities and jobs," said AMS
Administrator Alonzo. "We're excited to partner with local food entrepreneurs
this year by hosting several vendors from the DC-based Union Kitchen food
incubator program."

AMS also supports farmers markets around the country through grants, technical
assistance and applied research. This year, AMS is making available more than
$90 million in grant funding to support local food efforts through the Specialty
Crop Block Grant Program and the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion
Program. The USDA Farmers Market is one of many markets listed in USDA's Local
Food DirectoriesThis is an external link or third-party site outside of the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) website., a set of free, online
resources provided by AMS. Consumers can search the directories for locations,
operating hours, and more details about farmers markets, food hubs,
community-supported agriculture (CSA) operations and on-farm markets.

USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food (KYF2) initiative coordinates USDA's
local food efforts. In the past two years alone, USDA has made over 500
investments in food hubs, local processing facilities, and distribution
networks. USDA is committed to strengthening the local food sector, making sure
it is a healthy and thriving part of the broader marketplace.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Cornishman

                                 July 22, 2010

Getting social

SECTION: Pg. 46

LENGTH: 350  words


Big businesses spend millions of pounds every year promoting their products and
services with nationwide advertising campaigns - but for small innovative
companies the world of the internet has opened up free marketing opportunities
unheard of a decade ago.

The number of people using the social information network Facebook is expected
to hit 500 million later this month. Micro food businesses across West Cornwall
are being encouraged to learn how to use this free form of advertising to
increase sales and raise their profile.

The West Cornwall Farmers' Market Project has been working with Network Training
Cornwall, based in Penzance, to teach small business owners how to effectively
use social networking with small informal training sessions.

"Many producers selling at farmers' markets simply cannot afford to pay for
advertising campaigns which are hard to justify in terms of sales," explained
Victoria Amran, development officer for West Cornwall Farmers' Markets.

"Learning to take advantage of free websites such as Facebook and Twitter is
essential for small businesses - that's why we are offering training to all
producers at farmers' markets, as well as creating an online community for
people interested in local food. We already have hundreds of people following us
on Facebook."

Helford Creek Juices, Kernewek Herb Kitchen, Godolphin Hill Nursery and Niki
Green Silver Jewellery took part in the first training session earlier this
week.

"I have been on lots of IT courses in the past - but being in such a small group
meant I could ask lots of questions and feel confident to go home and really use
the internet as a way to promote our business," explained Sarah Trewhella from
Helford Creek Apple Juice and Cyder.

Vicki Marshall from Godolphin Hill Nursery sells herbs and edible plants at
Penzance and Sennen Farmers' Market every week.

"Facebook used to confuse me completely, but now I understand the business
opportunities it offers if it's used properly," she said.

You can follow West Cornwall Farmers' Market on Facebook or find out more by
contacting Victoria Amran on 07787 561770.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 60


                         Copyright 2010 The Cornishman
                              All Rights Reserved


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             July 19, 2008 Saturday

Winning poster to be picked for market promotion

BYLINE: By STAFF REPORTS

SECTION: FEATURES

LENGTH: 221 words


CHICO   Youngsters ages 6 to 15 years of age may enter a poster contest that
encourages kids and families to eat more fruits and vegetables. A grand prize
winner will receive $50 from the farmers market.

The Health Hero Poster Contest asks kids to taste the world of produce with this
year's theme of "Be a Healthy Hero: Buy Locally Grown Fruits and Veggies."

The contest, sponsored by Chico Farmers Market and the Network for a Healthy
California and the Children's Power Play! campaign.

Posters must include the "Be a Healthy Hero: Buy Locally Grown Fruits and
Veggies," slogan, contain colorful pictures of produce, the farmers market or
local farmers.

Done on 8 1/2 x 11-inch or 11x17-inch paper, poster entries should have the
entrant's name, age, address and phone number on the back.

Age categories are 6-8 years, 9-11 years and 12-15 years.

Other winners will receive prizes from the Children's Power Play! campaign.

Deadlines for entries is Monday and winners will know by Wednesday. Posters may
be dropped off at the OPT for Fit Kids office, 1311 Mangrove Ave. Suite 2 in
Chico. Hours are 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Thursday and 8 a.m. to noon
Fridays.

Then, children may pick up their entries from the PowerPlay! booth at the
Farmers Market on July 26 to pick up their prize. Winners will be announced at
10 a.m. that day.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

Happenings - Food

SECTION: LIFE

LENGTH: 1227 words


FOOD

PROMOTIONS

Swedish Crayfish Lunch Party At Oso Grillery

The star is, of course, crayfish, which comes in dill mayonnaise with the cold,
whole cooked crayfish "shell on". Other items include Norwegian salmon, shrimp
and grilled whole mackerel, dry salted cold mousse and cured herring.

WHERE: 48 Bukit Pasoh Road MRT: Outram Park WHEN: Today, noon - 3pm PRICE: $88++
a person TEL: 6222-6772 INFO: E-mail grillery@oso.sg

Farmers' Market, Farming Workshop At Hotel Jen Orchardgateway

Hotel Jen Orchardgateway is holding two events tomorrow. The Organic- Friendly
Farmers' Market will feature 20 home-grown farmers and vendors and their
produce, from fresh pesto made from locally grown vegetables and herbs by
Comcorp to fresh seafood by Ah Hua Kelong and Sea Farmers at Ubin. The Eat Your
Garden Urban Farming Workshop covers basic knowledge on how to start growing
produce in your apartment.

WHERE: 277 Orchard Road, Market at Makan@Jen Terrace (Level 10); Workshop at Zen
Garden (Level 19); MRT: Somerset WHEN/PRICE: Tomorrow; 9am - 3pm (Farmers'
Market, free admission); workshop, 2 - 5pm ($68 a person) INFO:
eatyourgarden.peatix.com

Saturday Meaty Brunch By MeatLiquor And Decker Barbecue

MeatLiquor and Decker Barbecue join hands for a Saturday brunch session called
MeatDecker. It will feature cocktails by MeatLiquor's mixologists and a
selection of starters, sides, burgers and sandwiches. The highlight is Triple
Decker, featuring smoked chopped brisket, pulled pork and sausage piled on a
soft roll, with coleslaw.

WHERE: 99 Duxton Road MRT: Outram Park/Tanjong Pagar WHEN: Tomorrow, 11.30am -
4pm PRICE: $15++ - $20++ TEL: 6221-5343 INFO: E-mail
reservations@meatliquor.com.sg

Celebrate 30 With "Flare" At Keyaki

As Pan Pacific Singapore celebrates its 30th anniversary, customers get to enjoy
30 per cent savings when they lunch at Keyaki's teppanyaki counter on weekdays.
Classic lunch favourites include the eight-course Teppanyaki Prix Fixe menus
with items such as beef sirloin or fillet, lobster and seafood. Guests may also
go a la carte with dishes such as iberico pork and foie gras.

WHERE: 7 Raffles Boulevard, Level 4 MRT: Promenade WHEN: Till Dec 31 (weekday,
except public holiday), 11.30am - 2.30pm PRICE: From $98++ (after 30 per cent
discount) TEL: 6826-8240 INFO: E-mail celebrate.sin@panpacific.com

Froth's Two-course Lunch

Froth at Ascott Raffles Place is offering a two-course lunch, which starts with
either Tom Yum Miso Soup or Healthy Cabbage Slaw. Choices for main are Beer Beef
Rice Bowl, Pork Belly Kimchi Rice Bowl, Hearty Chicken Stew and Dry Laksa Pasta.

WHERE: 2 Finlayson Green, Level 2 MRT: Raffles Place WHEN: 11.30am - 2.30pm
(weekday, except public holiday) PRICE: $19.90++ TEL: 6336-1228 INFO: E-mail
hello@froth.sg

Zafferano's Italian Table Champagne Brunch

Zafferano' s Italian Table Saturday brunch offers classic Italian favourites.
The meal comes in four courses served sharing-style - antipasti, pasta and
pizzas, mains and desserts - each course comprising myriad dishes.

WHERE: Ocean Financial Centre, 10 Collyer Quay, Level 43 MRT: Raffles Place
WHEN: Tomorrow, noon - 3pm PRICE: $98++ a person (includes free- flow G.H. Mumm
champagne, Peroni beer, house wine, soft drinks, juices & coffee or tea) TEL:
6509-1488 INFO: E-mail reservations@zafferano.sg

UsQuBa Grill's New Menu With Whisky Pairing

UsQuBa Grill & Whisky Bar has launched a new seasonal menu by Michelin-starred
group executive chef Guven Uyanik. For his Aberdeen Angus Steak Tartar, UsQuBa's
resident whisky expert Fong Chan Teng recommends the sweet medium body of a
Glendronach 12 Years. Other dishes include Grilled Lamb (paired with Dalmore 15
Years), Braised Kurobuta Pork (Bulleit Bourbon), Sanchoku Short Ribs
(Glenmorangie Lasanta) and Grilled Venison (Highland Park 18).

WHERE: One Fullerton, 02-03B MRT: Raffles Place WHEN: Mon - Thu, 11.30am -11pm;
Fri & Sat, 11.30 - 1am PRICE: Lunch set at $38++ a person TEL: 8723-6378 INFO:
E-mail reserve.onefullerton@usquba.com

MID-AUTUMN FESTIVAL

Mooncakes With Eight Yolks From Marina Mandarin

Marina Mandarin Singapore mooncakes, made at Peach Blossoms, feature flavours
such as the popular Eight Treasures (eight-yolk) white lotus paste ($72.80+);
the new Charcoal Black Sesame Paste with melon seeds and gold dust ($62.80+ for
a box of four, $70.80 for box of eight mini versions); Single ($62.80+) or
Double Yolk ($65.80+) with white lotus paste; and the Macadamia Nuts with White
Lotus Paste ($60.80+).

WHERE: 6 Raffles Boulevard, Level 5 MRT: Promenade/Esplanade WHEN: Till Sept 15
PRICE: $60.80+ - $72.80+; discounts of 25 per cent (till Wed) & 15 per cent (Thu
- Sept 15) TEL: 6845-1118 INFO: E-mail peachblossoms.marina@meritushotels.com

MAD Museum Quartz Mooncakes

MAD Museum of Art & Design's Make A Difference Bistro has come out with Quartz
Mooncakes. The chestnut pastry skin mooncakes is made from fresh water
chestnuts, water chestnut powder and rock sugar. It is a self-cooled dessert
that chills itself at room temperature.

WHERE: 10 Tanglin Road, 01-01 MRT: Orchard WHEN: 11 - 1am daily (till Sept 30)
PRICE: Quartz mooncakes, $10 nett each; mini mooncakes (Jade, Sapphire, Ruby,
Quartz) in boxes of four ($15) & six ($18) TEL: 6734-5688 INFO: E-mail
info@madmuseumsingapore.com

New Snowskin Flavours From Goodwood Park Hotel

Goodwood Park Hotel has three new snowskin flavours and also new alcoholic and
chocolate versions. Besides favourites Black Thorn Durian Snowskin ($54 nett for
two/ $88 for four) and Mao Shan Wang Snowskin ($50/$82), there is the Snowskin
Combo ($68) in a box containing one piece each of Yuzu Lychee, Mango with
Pomelo, Cempedak and Mao Shan Wang flavours.

WHERE: The Deli, 22 Scotts Road MRT: Orchard/Newton WHEN: Till Sept 15
(pre-orders close on Sept 9); 9am - 9pm (The Deli) PRICE: Two pieces, $33 - $54;
four pieces, $54 - $88; traditional piglet biscuit (lotus seed paste), $9.80
each TEL: 6730-1867/68 INFO: E-mail mooncake@goodwoodparkhotel.com

SINGAPORE GRAND PRIX

Pan Pacific's Champagne And Vodka Offers

Pan Pacific Singapore's Atrium and Pacific Marketplace are revving up for F1
Singapore with bubbly and fine liquor, served by associates dressed in
race-inspired uniforms. On offer are Laurent-Perrier Brut Champagne (200ml) at
$88 nett for five bottles (usual $100) - light to medium-bodied, apple and pear
flavours with lively acidity and a slightly toasty finish - and Grey Goose Vodka
(Atrium only) at $188 a bottle (usual $320) - clear, fresh with an elegant
floral aroma.

WHERE: Atrium & Pacific Marketplace, 7 Raffles Boulevard, Pan Pacific Singapore,
Level 1 MRT: Promenade WHEN: From Thu PRICE: $88 - $188 nett TEL: 6826-8240
INFO: E-mail celebrate.sin@panpacific.com

COOKING WORKSHOP

South Indian Food With Rakesh Raghunathan

Food and travel show host Rakesh Raghunathan will conduct a hands-on workshop
featuring heirloom vegetarian recipes from South India. Dishes include
Kumbakonam Kadappa (potatoes cooked in moong dal gravy from the household of
Thanjavur Tamils), Daangar (raitha that is served at Thanjavur weddings), Poori
Paayasam (pooris made with rava and dunked in a pot of hot saffron-flavoured
kheer) and Goliyachi Ras (banana balls in a sweet and sour gravy).

WHERE: Palate Sensations Cooking School, 10 Biopolis Road, Chromos, 01-03 MRT:
Buona Vista WHEN: Sept 14, 7 - 10pm PRICE: $150 a person INFO:
booking.palatesensations.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Lancashire Telegraph

                            April 23, 2008 Wednesday

Rossendale walking festival's tasty treat

BYLINE: Helen Korn

SECTION: ROSSENDALE NEWS

LENGTH: 353 words


DETAILS of the second annual Rossendale Walking Festival have been released -
and some tasty treats are on offer.

Walkers of all abilities will be putting on their hiking boots and joining in
the festival which takes place on the first weekend of October.

In celebration of the Taste Lancashire 08 year of food and drink, this year's
festival will feature some foodie' walks.

The programme of walks range from seven to 12 miles and will include The Soup
Loop, Sarsaparilla Stroll, The Fudge Trudge, Black Pudding Plod and Wind
Turbines and Whisky Trail.

Taste Lancashire 08 is a year of food and drink to celebrate Lancashire's great
local produce, in partnership with Liverpool's 2008 European Capital of Culture
celebrations.

It's a year of events and promotions championing accredited eateries, local
producers, farmers' markets, young chefs and fine local food and drink including
Lancashire cheese, Rossendale's famous Black puddings, and sarsaparilla.

Earlier this month the Hairy Bikers, David Myers and Simon King, opened the
Lancashire's food festival, which took place in Accrington Town Hall and was
organised by Taste Lancashire.

October has been assigned as producer's month' in Lancashire with many local
farmers' markets taking place throughout Lancashire.

The weekend of the Walking Festival will coincide with the Rossendale Farmers
Market in Helmshore.

Wendy Davison, chair of the Rural Rossendale Group, said: "The Rossendale
Walking Festival was a great success last year and we feel that we can build on
this success to make this year's festival even better.

"Following the Taste Lancashire 08 Year of Food and Drink theme we are able to
give the festival a quirky twist and is a great way to celebrate the world
famous produce Rossendale has to offer.

"The festival will provide marvellous opportunities for walkers of all types to
see something of the area's natural, cultural and buildings heritage and will
also help to promote walking and health."

If you want to sample some local produce and take part in the best of the
Rossendale countryside, book your place by contacting Wendy Davison on 07746
556337.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                            April 23, 2008 Wednesday

Rossendale walking festival's tasty treat

BYLINE: Helen Korn

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 355 words

DATELINE: Lancashire Telegraph


DETAILS of the second annual Rossendale Walking Festival have been released -
and some tasty treats are on offer.

Walkers of all abilities will be putting on their hiking boots and joining in
the festival which takes place on the first weekend of October.

In celebration of the Taste Lancashire 08 year of food and drink, this year's
festival will feature some foodie' walks.

The programme of walks range from seven to 12 miles and will include The Soup
Loop, Sarsaparilla Stroll, The Fudge Trudge, Black Pudding Plod and Wind
Turbines and Whisky Trail.

Taste Lancashire 08 is a year of food and drink to celebrate Lancashire's great
local produce, in partnership with Liverpool's 2008 European Capital of Culture
celebrations.

It's a year of events and promotions championing accredited eateries, local
producers, farmers' markets, young chefs and fine local food and drink including
Lancashire cheese, Rossendale's famous Black puddings, and sarsaparilla.

Earlier this month the Hairy Bikers, David Myers and Simon King, opened the
Lancashire's food festival, which took place in Accrington Town Hall and was
organised by Taste Lancashire.

October has been assigned as producer's month' in Lancashire with many local
farmers' markets taking place throughout Lancashire.

The weekend of the Walking Festival will coincide with the Rossendale Farmers
Market in Helmshore.

Wendy Davison, chair of the Rural Rossendale Group, said: "The Rossendale
Walking Festival was a great success last year and we feel that we can build on
this success to make this year's festival even better.

"Following the Taste Lancashire 08 Year of Food and Drink theme we are able to
give the festival a quirky twist and is a great way to celebrate the world
famous produce Rossendale has to offer.

"The festival will provide marvellous opportunities for walkers of all types to
see something of the area's natural, cultural and buildings heritage and will
also help to promote walking and health."

If you want to sample some local produce and take part in the best of the
Rossendale countryside, book your place by contacting Wendy Davison on 07746
556337.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                          November 14, 2012 Wednesday

'Free Coffee Day' at Bruegger's

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 588  words


Coffee at Bruegger's Bagels: At Bruegger's Bagels locations today until 2 p.m.,
customers will receive a free medium-drip coffee. Patrons are encouraged to
donate to the Duke Children's Hospitals & Health Center canisters by the
register.

"Free Coffee Day" is part of the a national fundraising program to benefit
nearly 50 children's hospitals across the country through the Children's Miracle
Network Hospitals, according to a news release.

Bruegger's will also donate a portion of proceeds from its annual Bottomless Mug
sales to Duke Children's Hospital & Health Center. Guests who purchase a
Bottomless Mug will receive free coffee, tea or soft drinks for a year.

The promotion is being held at Bruegger's locations in central North Carolina.
For bakery locations, go to the website http://www.brueggers.com/locator/. Hours
vary by location.

***

Bonefish Grill to open near Southpoint: The new Bonefish Grill location at the
Westpoint at 751 development off N.C. 751 near The Streets at Southpoint is
scheduled to open to the public on Monday.

The 5,000-square-foot restaurant in Durham has a dining room with an open
kitchen and a bar area.

The restaurant will be open for dinner from 4 to10 p.m. Monday through Thursday,
from 4 to 11 p.m. Friday, from 3 to 11 p.m. Saturday, and from 11 a.m. to 9:30
p.m. Sunday.

Reservations may be made by calling 919-248-2906. For more information, go to
the website www.bonefishgrill.com. The restaurant is located at 7820 N.C. 751 in
Durham.

***

Thanksgiving farmers' markets: Both the Durham Farmers' Market and the South
Durham Farmers' Market are holding special market hours on Tuesday to allow
customers to stock up on fresh produce for their Thanksgiving meals.

The Durham Farmers' Market at the Durham Central Park

see free/page d2

Pavilion downtown will have a special pre-Thanksgiving market from 2 to 5 p.m.
on Tuesday.

There will be vegetables, meats, cheeses, breads, pies, pastries and greenery
for sale, according to the website, http://www.durhamfarmersmarket.com/.

The South Durham Farmers' Market at the Greenwood Commons shopping center will
hold a holiday market from 3 to 6:30 p.m. on Tuesday.

The market will have produce, turkey, meats, artisanal cheeses, breads, pies,
holiday gifts, and plants, according to the website,
http://www.southdurhamfarmersmarket.org/.

--

Burger King to re-open: An existing Burger King at 3414 N. Roxboro Road will be
re-opening with a renovated interior and exterior, according to an email from a
spokeswoman for the company.

The restaurant will have the new "20/20" design, according to an email, that
includes zone seating for different party sizes including booths and high top
tables, a brighter color scheme, and ceiling fixtures that highlight specific
areas of the restaurant.

According to city business records, the location is owned by AM-PM Enterprises
III Inc., a franchise group that owns 15 Burger King restaurants in North
Carolina.

--

Durham McDonald's ground lease sold: The ground lease for the McDonald's located
at the corner of South Roxboro Street and Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard in
Durham has sold for more than $1.36 million, according to a news release.

A group of private investors that owned the land that the restaurant was built
on had leased the land to McDonald's, who built their building and pays rent to
the landowner.

The ground lease was sold to The Flintkote Corp., which was represented by CBRE
Raleigh in the sale.

--

Have an item for The Buzz? Contact Laura Oleniacz at loleniacz@heraldsun.com, or
at 919-419-6636.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             April 13, 2010 Tuesday

Pleasant Hill farmers market on the move

BYLINE: By Lisa P. White Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Central Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 505 words


PLEASANT HILL   When it opens next month, the Pleasant Hill farmers market will
be in a new location by the movie theater in the downtown shopping center.

Beginning May 1, the city will close part of Crescent Drive between Crescent
Plaza and Boyd Road to vehicle traffic from 6 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturdays.
Motorists traveling west on Monument Boulevard, which becomes Crescent Plaza,
will not be able to make a left-hand turn onto Crescent Drive.

The farmers market will be open Saturdays from 8 a.m. to noon through
mid-November. A grand opening celebration on May 8 will include entertainment,
cooking demonstrations and a prize giveaway.

City leaders hope the new location will draw foot traffic to the shopping
center, which has suffered during the recession.

"We believe it's going to be a huge boost to the downtown merchants who can take
advantage of this," said city spokesman Martin Nelis. "At the same time we
wanted to make sure there was no negative impact on any of the major anchor
tenants."

For two years, city leaders have been trying to relocate the farmers market from
the small and out-of-the-way City Hall parking lot to a more central spot in the
downtown.

But finding a space retailers in the shopping center were comfortable with
wasn't easy. For example, Verizon scuttled an earlier plan to move the farmers
market to a parking lot that is visible from Contra Costa Boulevard.

Nelis said the city worked closely with Developers Diversified Realty, which
owns the shopping center, to get the parent corporations for Lucky and Century
Theatres on board with the farmers market's move.

Representatives for the theater did have some concerns, so the city agreed to
close the market two hours earlier, set up a drop-off area in the parking lot
behind the theater for moviegoers, reopen Crescent Drive by 1 p.m. and ban some
foods from the market, such as kettle corn, that might compete with theater
concession sales.

A spokeswoman for Developers Diversified Realty said the company is excited
about the market's move.

"There will be a lot of cross-promotional activity between the farmers market
and the downtown merchants, so I think you're going to see a lot more economic
activity in the downtown," Nelis said.

In March, the City Council awarded a one-year contract to manage the market to
Pacific Coast Farmers Market Association, which operates 62 Bay Area markets,
including those at Todos Santos Plaza in Concord, Jack London Square in Oakland
and downtown Martinez.

John Silveira, Pacific Coast director, praised the new Pleasant Hill location's
space and proximity to parking; the nearby garage has 680 spaces. Silveira, who
hopes to have 40 vendors when the market opens, isn't troubled by the theater's
restrictions on the sales of certain foods.

"We want to go in there to complement the existing businesses, not compete with
them," he said.

Besides, he noted tongue firmly in cheek, "we don't have Hot Tamales and Mike
and Ike and Skittles."

Lisa P. White covers Martinez and Pleasant Hill. Contact her at 925-943-8011.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           November 20, 2007 Tuesday

Local food makes a homestyle feast

BYLINE: DANIELLE ULMAN; Capital News Service

SECTION: INSIDE; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 523  words


WASHINGTON, D.C. - Six hundred turkeys awaited their destiny at Springfield Farm
in Sparks, Md.

Owner David Smith began rounding up the birds to be readied to become the
centerpiece of their customers' Maryland-grown Thanksgiving dinners.

And Mr. Smith's farm was not the only local establishment to experience a flurry
of activity from consumers looking for food with hometown flair; farmers markets
and wineries statewide have seen an influx of traffic, too.

"It has a lot to do with reconnecting with their food," Mr. Smith said. "I like
to say it puts a face on their food."

That's why farmers, vintners and experts are betting that when Marylanders sit
down for Thanksgiving dinner this year, the cuisine will have a decidedly local
flavor.

"If I get my food from California, then it takes a lot of fuel to get it," said
Dale Johnson, farm management specialist for the University of Maryland, College
Park.

Food that has not traveled cross-country is often fresher, said Brenda Conti, a
board member of the Anne Arundel County Farmers' Market.

"Instead of being picked weeks beforehand and sitting on shelves or sitting in
trucks (the produce is) picked when it's almost ripe," said Ms. Conti, owner of
Herbal Touch, a company that makes jams, fruit butters and salves from market
produce.

The Anne Arundel County Farmers' Market holds special sales the Wednesday before
Thanksgiving at its Glen Burnie and Piney Orchard locations, and Ms. Conti said
it's the busiest market day of the year.

Baltimore residents also rush the Baltimore Farmers Market on Saratoga Street
the Sunday before Thanksgiving, said Tracy Baskerville, communications director
for the Baltimore Office of Promotion and the Arts, which runs the market.

Local grocery stores like Giant Food also sell Maryland-grown produce, but
spokesman Jamie Miller said the supermarket does not promote the food's origin.
Farmers like Mr. Smith prefer to sell to individuals instead of grocery stores
because it helps them stay afloat.

"That's the only way that small farms can survive is to do direct marketing," he
said.

Customers will also use the trip to stock up on other meats. "Because it's
raised locally it tastes better," he said. "It's vine-ripened if you will. All
of the pork we're going to have this weekend, it was standing on the hoof on
Tuesday."

Grapes are vine-ripened at 29 wineries throughout Maryland. The locally-grown
label makes Maryland wines very popular at this time of year, said Kevin
Atticks, Maryland Wineries Association director.

"Besides Easter, Thanksgiving is one of the biggest wine holidays of the year,"
said Michael Cullison, sales manager at Fiore Winery in Pylesville. The winery
holds a Black Friday sale after Thanksgiving where customers can sip, snack and
shop for discounts on wine.

The sale is always a big hit, but Mr. Cullison said he suspects the wines are so
popular because people have pride in local products.

"People always like to talk about wine when they bring it to a meal," he said.
"A lot of people have guests coming in from out of town on the holidays, so
having a local wine helps them bring out the local charm of the area."

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2007 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             June 28, 2007 Thursday

A town worth visiting;
Letters to the editor

SECTION: Z_LETTERS

LENGTH: 778 words


I read with interest your article about Pacific Grove and the quandary about
promotion. I have worked in the town for over 21 years. It has never been my
hometown but is certainly my favorite. There is a problem at the moment. Store
fronts are empty. Businesses complain that sales are down. Shops and restaurants
close as soon as they open.

I can fault neither the city government nor the chamber (Moe Ammar and his staff
work tirelessly to promote P.G.). I feel that not paying $80,000 to the Visitors
and Convention Bureau is a severe error in judgment. Perhaps it is the
advertising and promotional blood that runs in my veins, but a site unheralded
goes unseen. One year of participation might make a huge difference. We who
manage shops know that there is a dearth of tourists, and we wonder why, when
visitors once contributed greatly to our sales.

Calling P.G. a green town is admirable, but this will not build up businesses.
Most people simply don't care, and are shopping for a bargain or an exceptional
piece of art. Don't wish for a tourist town. Wish for a town tourists enjoy
visiting, a place that reminds them of a place long forgotten.

Jane RolandMonterey

Farmers market overload

With well-established farmers markets at Monterey Peninsula College and downtown
Monterey, it is unlikely that a third would be successful. Why would a shopper
come to Pacific Grove for vegetables and flowers when the same are available at
two locations in Monterey, and with Trader Joe's new market on the horizon. It
might work for a short time as a novelty but would soon collapse.

Another concern is the adverse affect on our beloved Grove Market. We certainly
do not want Grove Market to suffer in exchange for a promised few dollars to
other businesses. Safeway and Albertson's also deserve some consideration since
they have served P.G. well these many years

There is also the inconvenience to our local citizens who have over the years
developed shopping patterns and are unlikely to bother going to a farmers market
and then drive to another market for additional groceries. Why bother parking
twice when you can do it all at Grove Market, Safeway or Albertson's?

A farmers market in P.G. appears to be a desperate measure to show some effort
on the part of the initiating parties to improve business activity. Let's try
something else.

Michael ZamboryPacific Grove

Change is good

I would have been honored to be the subject of a Bill Bates cartoon even
slightly alluding to my situation in Pacific Grove. I have loved Bates' humor
and his artwork for many years.

As most of us "old-timers" in P.G. know, just a few years ago, a family had a
great problem with getting a permit for two pet chickens. I'm very glad the new
City Council, and changing climate, are now conducive to solar panels, and
chickens, and clotheslines!

Now, if the really horrid overpopulation of deer or the raccoon overabundance
could be addressed, I would be a happy camper for the next 57 years.

Inge Lorentzen DaumerPacific Grove

A deaf ear

Our founding fathers should have consulted with Mr. Cheney before assigning the
office of the vice presidency to the executive branch as outlined in the U.S.
Constitution. Of course, that assumes he would have allowed them to talk with
him.

Arlen GrossmanDel Rey Oaks

Tax quandary

Just a thought: The U.S. Constitution allows for only two types of taxes: direct
(capitations) and indirect (duties, imposts, excises). Individuals cannot be
taxed directly by the federal government, but only by apportionment by
population among the several states. The federal government sends a
population-apportioned bill to the states, and the bill is paid by the states.
How the states come up with the money is up to them.

The 16th Amendment, according to several rulings by the Supreme Court, did not
change anything in regard to the basic taxing power of the federal government.
The federal tax on individual income is not apportioned, so it is an indirect
tax. An indirect tax cannot be placed on any old income but only that which
falls under federal purview. Your income and mine, to the extent it does not
fall under federal purview, is therefore exempt.

So, how is it that we pay a tax on all personal net income?

Tom BottaroMonterey

No news, no letters

So people aren't writing letters to the editor any more. I wonder why. Maybe the
last two days of front page drivel about some woman who became offended because
some man made a pass at her in a hot tub, or whatever it was, holds a clue.
Given the vacuum of intelligent journalism that has become the new status quo at
The Herald, I'm curious to know what it is that readers are supposed to address.

Yanaar Jane LeeBig Sur

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                          September 28, 2011 Wednesday

Feilding festival for locals and visitors

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 396 words


VICKI WATERHOUSE

EVENTS ON GAME DAY zFrom 11.30am: Horse races at Awapuni Racetrack zNoon: Flash
mob, 'Pass the ball, mate' at The Square zNoon: Viva la Manawatu at Square Edge,
features weaving, poi-making, kapa haka, Mexican art, Colombian dancers, tango
lessons, music, plays, poetry, film and language. zNoon-6pm: BackingBlack, the
All Blacks' fan club featuring Manawatu Turbos Aaron Cruden and Nick Crosswell,
visits The Square. z3.30pm: Festivities start in The Square including bands The
Nerines, Tom and Cryptic, street theatre, face-painting and family activities.
z4pm: SwampFest, solo performers at JB Hi Fi, The Plaza. z4.15pm: Prime Minister
John Key officially opens the Rugby Museum at Te Manawa. z7.30pm: Georgia versus
Romania at Arena Manawatu. -------------------- Rugby World Cup fever is set to
hit Feilding as a day of music and events is planned for the gap between
Manawatu's two games.

A farmers' market, saleyard livestock tours, a sheep-shearing demonstration and
celebrity cartoonists are some of the highlights on Friday.

Organiser Raewyn Loader, from Feilding Promotion, said it would be a unique
festival. It was aimed at enticing both foreign visitors and Palmerston North
and Feilding residents to experience all Feilding had to offer.

"If they're out and about and they want a different experience, then we're here
for them," she said.

"They can have a real rural experience."

The day would start with the Feilding Farmers' Market and then, from 10am, chef
Hester Guy would do cooking demonstrations.

From 11am, tours would run around the livestock saleyards and country band
Mountain Road would also be performing during the day.

Feilding Intermediate School pupils will be painting sheep in the colours of the
teams playing in Manawatu, as well as the All Blacks.

Ms Loader described it as "body art, rural style" and said it should be
interesting.

The day's events would culminate in the Kiwi Barn Dance at Feilding Civic Centre
from 8pm. It would feature a country theme band, Kiwi music, line dancing, bull
riding and haka.

A free bus service will leave from Palmerston North's information centre to
Manchester Square on the hour from 9am to 2pm, and return on the half-hour until
2.30pm. The events will be held in Manchester Square and the Civic Centre,
Feilding, from 9am Friday.

For more information, call Feilding Information Centre on 323 3318.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Star (Shelby, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

First Second Saturday set

BYLINE: By Joyce Orlando jorlando@shelbystar.com, The Star, Shelby, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 740 words


April 08--SHELBY- Spring is here, the Foothills Farmers' Market will be opening
and Second Saturday's are about to start again.

The first Second Saturday of the season is this Saturday with the opening of the
Foothills Farmers Market at 8 a.m., and continues with local businesses and
restaurants offering specials all day.

"We're really excited about this first Second Saturday because there will be so
much going on," director of Uptown Shelby Association Audrey Whetten said. "We
are continuing the same premise as last year -- essentially cool things all day
long in Uptown -- but we'll be making more of a push for afternoon and evening
activities to draw people to Uptown throughout the day."

This Saturday morning is packed with activities -- ranging from a free yoga
class at 9:30 a.m., to the sale of American Legion World Series tickets from 9
a.m. to noon. Many local businesses are running specials for as long as they are
open (see list on 3A for details.)

"We have already started to see our Uptown businesses and destinations
scheduling some of their great activities on the Second Saturday of the month,
all year round, which is exactly what we hoped for," Whetten said.

This is the second year for the Second Saturday events, and Whetten has plans to
keep the event growing in the future.

"We do have an exciting new activity for later in the summer up our sleeve, so
to speak, but I'll hold off on announcing what that is for now," Whetten said.

Second Saturday's will be held from April to October.

Second Saturday events

Foothills Farmer's Market Opening Day -- There will be fun activities for all
ages, a food demonstration, live music and check out the Got 2 Be N.C.
Agriculture RV, 8 a.m. to noon.

Shelby Yoga Center -- Free Yoga on the courthouse lawn 9:30 a.m.

Bicycles -- Ride Shelby. Starting at 4 p.m., the shop will host a 10 to 12-mile
ride.

Antique Market of Shelby -- Sidewalk Sale from 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.

American Legion World Series office -- ALWS general admission tickets are on
sale from 9 a.m. to noon for $35 for all 15 games. Everyone who purchases a
ticket will have their name put in a drawing for an ALWS jacket or shirt.

Two Doors Down -- 20 percent off from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.

Floosie Girls -- Buy one get one free monogram shirts. Free decal with purchase.

Curvy Closet Boutique -- Sidewalk Sale 50 to 60 percent off, $1 jewelry and
enter drawing for $50 gift card with purchase.

Page 2 of 2 -- Puzzle Creek Outdoor Company Cycle/Run Demo -- Take a yoga class
at 9:30 a.m. and learn how to find the perfect bike or shoes. Free event from
9:30 a.m. to 1 p.m.

Picnic on the square -- Enjoy the shade, green grass and picnic on the square
with friends and family.

Peace Avenue -- Hop Into spring. Hopscotch forward for 10 percent off and hop
backwards for 15 percent off all day.

Hip-O-Kat Retro & Vintage -- Take 10 percent off instruments and a 50 percent
sale rack.

Miss Molly's Boutique -- Take 40 percent off for their sidewalk sale, from 10
a.m. to 5 p.m. There will also be a drawing at the end of the day for a Miss
Molly's gift card. Each customer's name will be in the pot for every $20 spent.

Swamp Fox Trading Company -- Free scoop of ice cream with a $25 purchase and 10
percent off North Face T-shirts from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.

Hi-Lites Ladies Clothing -- Super sale on plus-size clothing from 10 a.m. to 5
p.m.

Dragonfly Wine Market -- Enjoy $4 Mimosas from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. and music by
Black Coffee Trio from 7 to 9 p.m. Greater Shelby Theatre Company will hold a
talkback for Guys and Dolls at Dragonfly Wine Market at 4 p.m. Come meet the
cast and ask all your burning questions.

Uptown Olive Oil and More -- Uptown Olive will give a 10 percent discount on
your entire purchase -- excluding 60ml bottles -- from 10 a.m. to close.

Pleasant City Wood Fired Grille -- Stop for lunch and a half-price bottle of
wine all day.

Newt's Pub Burger -- Stop by for the restaurant's last day and enjoy half-price
pitchers all day.

Newgrass Brewing Company -- Greenville, S.C. band, Four 14, plays from 8:30 to
11:30 p.m. Brewery open from 11 a.m. to midnight.

Cleveland County Arts Council -- Glass Art Exhibit will be from 10 a.m. to 2
p.m.

Earl Scruggs Center -- The Earl Scruggs Center will have $2 off admission if you
mention "Second Saturday." The center is open from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.

___ (c)2016 The Star (Shelby, N.C.) Visit The Star (Shelby, N.C.) at
www.shelbystar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160408-SS-First-Second-Saturday-set-0408-20160408

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SS


                            Copyright 2016 The Star


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Kent and Sussex Courier

                                January 31, 2014
                                   Edition 6;
                                National Edition

Organisers sold on great marketing ideas

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 243 words


A HERD of farmers' market organisers have shared ideas on how to make the most
of their events.

Some 32 organisers went to Heathfield Community Centre on Monday to discuss the
work of market traders and ways of encouraging more people to use the service.
Eleanor Gill from the national Love Your Local Market campaign was on hand to
give her expert advice. The delegates then split into groups to discuss new
initiatives such as using social media and introducing different produce to
attract more visitors.

Wealden District Council cabinet member for economic development and
regeneration Roy Galley said: "The farmers' markets across Wealden are an
important way for local entrepreneurs and businesses to promote and sell their
products to local people. "Shoppers put money directly into the local economy
and the regular markets enrich the lives and heritage of our rural communities.
"To people looking at new sources of income, setting up your own market stall
offers a low-cost, low-risk entry into retailing and can greatly improve the
chances of getting your own products or services noticed."

Wealden hosts numerous regular markets including in Heathfield in the Co-op car
park, in Uckfield at the Luxfords car park and in Crowborough behind WH Smith.

At a meeting of the Crowborough and District Chamber of Commerce the group
members were told the farmers' market in the town was looking to move, with the
Croft Road car park behind Waitrose a possibility.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KSC


                     Copyright 2014 Kent and Sussex Courier
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Braidwood Times

                                December 3, 2013

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 231  words


SATURDAY 7 DECEMBER

Following the great success of the inaugural monthly Farmers' Market at the
National Theatre in November, the next market will be held this Saturday 7
December from 8am to 12.30. The Market will be officially opened at 9am by
Palerang Mayor Pete Harrison.

The large range of locally grown fresh products will include Palerang beef,
Braidwood Estate Wines, Dojo Bread, Corringal lamb, Wisbeys Araluan fruit,
Tiandi vegetables, herbs, seedlings and ducks, garlic from Laurie and Pat Maher,
Troy Harrison's fruit & vegetables, Bee's R  Us Honey and bee keeping supplies,
Araluen chutney & jam, plus Sue Eding's delicious fresh food ,tea and coffee
from the caf?? &pizza oven creations from Richard Khouzame.

The Farmers' Market is a real opportunity for our farmers & growers to sell &
promote their products locally.

Equally as important is the benefit to our community of having increased
visitors to all retail businesses, galleries and cafes. As more people from
Canberra, the South Coast and around our region hear about the success of the
market, they will visit our historic town each month & make Braidwood a
destination rather than just passing through.

Growers & farmers interested in being part of the Farmers' Market & having a
stall please contact 4842 2808 - 4842 1096 or email
braidwoodfarmersmarket@gmail.com to obtain all market details & an application
form.

LOAD-DATE: December 04, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     Copyright (c) 2016 Vermont Law School
                               Vermont Law Review

                                   Fall, 2016

                               Vermont Law Review

                               41 Vt. L. Rev. 177

LENGTH: 10430 words

STUDENT NOTE: VERMONT FOOD ACCESS AND THE "RIGHT TO FOOD": USING THE HUMAN RIGHT
TO FOOD TO ADDRESS HUNGER IN VERMONT

NAME: K. Heather Devine * +

BIO:



   * Juris Doctor Candidate 2017, Vermont Law School; M.F.A. 2007, Bennington
College; B.A. 2003, Wheaton College.


   + I must thank Jamie Renner, Professor of Law at Vermont Law School, for his
help in developing the framework for this note and for sparking the idea of a
"legal landscape of hunger" in the first place. I also thank John Sayles, CEO of
the Vermont Foodbank; Faye Conte, Advocacy and Education Director of Hunger Free
Vermont; and Andrea Stander, Executive Director of Rural Vermont. Thank you for
giving me your time as I tried to understand how hunger impacts Vermonters.
Finally, I thank the Vermont Law Review staff. Your hard work made this Note
better. I am very grateful.

 TEXT:
 [*178]  INTRODUCTION

   The greatest health risk in the world today is hunger.  n1 One out of nine
people in the world do not get enough to eat--meaning they do not get enough
calories, nutrients, or both.  n2 Hunger and malnutrition threaten global health
at a greater rate than AIDS, malaria, and tuberculosis combined.  n3

   Hunger is not restricted to developing nations. Fourteen percent of United
States households are food insecure--they cannot consistently access enough food
for their households.  n4 Closer to home, nearly 80,000 Vermonters, more than
20,000 of whom are children, are food insecure.  n5 More than a third of
Vermonters report they cannot afford to buy nutritious food, or they cannot buy
enough food.  n6

   The global hunger problem is not a problem of sufficiency. Globally and
domestically, there is enough food to feed the world, yet that food does not
reach all the people who need it.  n7 The problem is food access.

   Around the world, political leaders, scholars, and activists have started
arguing that food access is a human right.  n8 The International Covenant on
[*179]  Economic, Social, and Cultural Rights declares that all people have the
right "to an adequate standard of living for himself and his family, including
adequate food . . . ."  n9 More than 100 nations now legally recognize a right
to food.  n10 The United States does not.  n11

   This Note does not address whether the United States should embrace a right
to food. This Note argues the right to food is a useful frame for understanding
and addressing hunger within the United States, even though the United States
does not recognize the right. Historically, the United States has treated hunger
as a temporary caloric deficiency.  n12 Food stamps and food pantries are
reasonable solutions if hunger is a temporary caloric deficiency.  n13 However,
the right to food suggests that hunger and its causes are more complex--that
hunger is not only a biological problem but also a social problem.  n14
Moreover, as a social problem, hunger exists within a legal architecture, and
governments can change that architecture to mitigate hunger.  n15

   This Note explores a small sample of laws affecting food access in Vermont as
an exercise in illustrating how governments can use the right to food framework
to better address hunger. This Note describes the right to  [*180]  food, then
uses the right to food framework to examine the current legal architecture of
hunger in Vermont.

   I. WHAT IS THE RIGHT TO FOOD?

A. History of the Right to Food

   In 1948, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights first affirmed a right to
adequate food.  n16 In 1976, the International Covenant of Economic, Cultural,
and Social Rights (Covenant) further affirmed the right to food as part of a
suitable standard of living and placed responsibility on all signatory countries
"to ensure the realization of this right . . . ."  n17 For 20 years following
the Covenant, governments did little to protect or fulfill the right to food,
assuming that agricultural production would solve the hunger problem.  n18 By
the 1990s, however, global leaders saw astonishing increases in agricultural
production worldwide, coupled with increased global hunger.  n19 The problem was
not production, but access.  n20

   Consequently, in 1999, the United Nations Committee on Economic, Cultural,
and Social Rights published "Comment 12" to the Covenant.  n21 Comment 12
affirmed the right to food more aggressively, and it called on nations to
address the "disturbing gap" between the Covenant's "right to adequate food" and
the reality of worldwide hunger.  n22 As of 2011, 106  [*181]  countries
embraced a right to food in some way, but the United States does not.  n23

A. Defining the Right to Food

   The Covenant defines the right to food as "the right of everyone to an
adequate standard of living for himself and his family, including adequate food
. . . ."  n24 Comment 12 states, "The right to adequate food is realized when
every man, woman and child, alone or in community with others, have physical and
economic access at all times to adequate food or means for its procurement."
n25 The right to food is a human right to adequate food access.

   1. Food Access as a Human Right

   Recognizing food access as a human right transforms the conversation about
hunger.  n26 First, if food access is a human right, then hunger is indivisibly
linked with other rights.  n27 Comment 12 states, "[T]he right to . . . food is
. . . indispensable for the fulfilment of other human rights enshrined in the
International Bill of Human Rights."  n28 As Nelson Mandela once said, "We do
not want freedom without bread, nor do we want bread without freedom."  n29
Civil rights and economic rights are intertwined.

   Second, as a human right intertwined with other rights, food access is a
social issue.  n30 Hunger is not just about scarce calories. Hunger is about
failures in food access. Those failures result from social systems. Comment 12
states: "[T]he right to adequate food is . . . inseparable from social justice,
requiring the adoption of appropriate economic, environmental and social
policies . . . oriented to the eradication of poverty and the fulfilment  [*182]
of human rights for all."  n31 Countries cannot mitigate hunger without
addressing the ways social systems cause hunger.

   Third, the human right to food affirms the fundamental necessity of accessing
food with dignity.  n32 Comment 12 states, "[T]he right to adequate food is
indivisibly linked to the inherent dignity of the human person . . . ."  n33 As
the scholar Flavio Luiz Schieck Valente said, "[T]he right to food is understood
as a basic [human right], without which there is no right to life, no
citizenship, no right to humanity . . . ."  n34 The right to food affirms that
food access requiring human degradation is severely inadequate--a violation of
human rights.

   Furthermore, as an expression of human life with dignity, the primary focus
of the right to food is not being fed by the government.  n35 Instead, the right
to food's primary focus is the right to feed oneself.  n36 As Valente said, "For
a human being to feed her/himself is a cultural act . . . . individuals renew
themselves in levels beyond the physical . . . ."  n37 The right to food does
require governments to provide food when people cannot provide for themselves,
but this is a stopgap measure.  n38 The main duty the right to food imposes is
empowerment: government must create and protect a legal architecture that
enables all people to feed themselves adequate food.  n39

   2. The Right to Food Checklist

   This Note reduces the right to food to two checklists. One organizes the
types of duties government holds in supporting the right to food, and the other
organizes the elements necessary for food access to be adequate.

    [*183]  The right to food imposes on government three broad duties.  n40
First, government must respect the right to food.  n41 The state must not "take
any measures that result in preventing . . . . existing access to adequate food
. . . ."  n42 Second, governments must protect the right to food.  n43 The state
must affirmatively take measures that "ensure that enterprises or individuals do
not deprive individuals of their access to adequate food."  n44 Third,
governments must fulfill the right to food.  n45 The responsibility to fulfill
has two parts: to facilitate and to provide.  n46 The duty to facilitate means
the state must "pro-actively . . . strengthen people's . . . means to ensure
their livelihood, including food security."  n47 The duty to provide comes into
play when "an individual or group is unable, for reasons beyond their control,
to enjoy the right to adequate food by the means at their disposal . . . ."  n48
In those situations, the state has the responsibility to provide food directly.
n49

   The duty checklist summarizes these requirements. It asks whether, in any
governmental action, the government is respecting, protecting, providing, or
facilitating the right to food. Every governmental action should check at least
one of these boxes.  n50 Although not every governmental action must provide or
facilitate the right to food, no governmental action should fail to respect or
protect the right to food.  n51

   The adequate food access checklist (also referred to in this Note as the food
access checklist) addresses the nature and quality of food access. Comment 12
states, "The right to adequate food is realized when every man, woman and child,
alone or in community with others, have physical and economic access at all
times to adequate food or means for its procurement."  n52 The UN Special
Rapporteur on the Right to Food elaborated on that definition. He stated the
right to food means:


      [*184]  [T]he right to have regular, permanent and unrestricted
     access, either directly or by means of financial purchases, to
     quantitatively and qualitatively adequate and sufficient food
     corresponding to the cultural traditions of the people to which the
     consumer belongs, and which ensures a physical and mental, individual
     and collective, fulfilling and dignified life free of fear.  n53

   In other words, to meet the right to food, all individuals and groups must
have food access; the food access must be regular, permanent and unrestricted;
they must have both economic and physical access; the food must be
quantitatively and qualitatively sufficient (i.e., nutritious); it must be
culturally appropriate; and people must be able to access food with dignity.
These elements constitute the food access checklist. Food access must meet all
of these conditions in order to fulfill the right to food.

   3. Food Access Checklist Elements

   The food access checklist elements may require further explanation. All
individuals and groups highlights that everyone has the right to food, including
vulnerable groups like children and the elderly.  n54 Regular, permanent and
unrestricted emphasizes that food access must be secure; occasional or
intermittent access to food is inadequate.  n55

   Economic accessibility addresses the financial barriers to accessing food.
n56 Even if a person lives next-door to a co-op full of local, nutritious food,
the person may be unable to access that food because she cannot afford it.
Moreover, a person does not have economic access (cannot afford the food) if she
can only buy adequate food by sacrificing other basic needs, like housing or
medicine.  n57 Physical access, by contrast, refers to the physical ability to
obtain food.  n58 Children or the elderly, for example, may be physically unable
to access a supermarket, even if they have money to buy food.  n59 Physical
vulnerability also can extend to transportation barriers, particularly for
low-income households, who may find it difficult to reach a  [*185]  store with
adequate food.  n60 Problems with economic and physical access may appear
together, but they are distinct issues, and they may need distinct solutions.
For example, offering people money to buy food will not provide adequate food
access if those people cannot physically access food sources; the money provides
economic access but fails to address the obstacle to physical access.

   Food must be quantitatively and qualitatively sufficient.  n61 In other
words, for food access to be adequate, the person must: (1) get a large enough
quantity of food to meet her caloric and other nutritional needs; and (2) the
food obtained must be high-quality, nutritious food.  n62 As Comment 12 states,
food is not adequate if it simply meets a person's "minimum package of calories,
proteins and other specific nutrients."  n63 Instead, adequate food means a
"diet as a whole" that meets the "human physiological needs" of that specific
individual's person and activity.  n64

   It is very useful to hunger efforts to distinguish between quantitative and
qualitative sufficiency. Historically, United States hunger relief programs have
effectively met the quantitative needs of households.  n65 Federal food
assistance programs have virtually eliminated starvation within the United
States.  n66 But these programs have not been effective in meeting the
qualitative needs of American households.  n67 Although low-income households in
the United States generally have access to sufficient,  [*186]  or more than
sufficient, calories, food with sufficient nutritional content is frequently
unavailable to low-income households.  n68 Given that disconnect between
quantitative and qualitative sufficiency, it is unsurprising that obesity and
malnutrition often coincide.  n69

   Moreover, the right to food demands food access that is culturally
appropriate.  n70 Eating is not only a biological act. As the scholar Flavio
Luiz Schieck Valente said, eating "is a cultural act linked to tradition, family
life, friendship and collective celebrations."  n71 Food access is not adequate
if the people cannot access food that conforms to their cultural traditions.

   Finally, as discussed above, the right to food requires food access with
dignity.  n72 Indeed, dignity may be the cornerstone of the right to food.  n73
Comment 12 explicitly grounded the right to food in the "inherent dignity of the
human person."  n74 Its fulfilment is "indispensable" and "inseparable" from
other human rights.  n75 Most importantly, as an expression of the right to
human life with dignity, the right to food means not the right to be fed, but
the right to feed oneself.  n76

II. VERMONT'S LEGAL ARCHITECTURE OF HUNGER & THE RIGHT TO FOOD

   Laws related to housing, health care, intellectual property, and many others
could constitute food access law.  n77 Because this range is too broad to
[*187]  discuss here, this Note examines a narrow circle of laws that affect
food access in Vermont: 3SquaresVT/SNAP, the school breakfast and lunch
programs, Burlington's zoning ordinance, and the minimum wage.

A. 3SquaresVT/SNAP

   1. How 3SquaresVT/SNAP Works

   The federal government's major food assistance program is the Supplemental
Nutritional Assistance Program (SNAP), called 3SquaresVt in Vermont.  n78 State
agencies administer the federal program.  n79 Congress first authorized a
federal food assistance program with the Food Stamp Act of 1964.  n80 Congress
changed the program in each succeeding decade,  [*188]  including changing the
name to SNAP; it most recently reauthorized SNAP in the 2014 Farm Bill.  n81
SNAP's stated purpose is to give low-income households "an opportunity to obtain
a more nutritious diet . . . ."  n82 The program operates by giving low-income
households money on a debit card, which the household can then use to buy
groceries.  n83 The amount received depends on many factors, including household
size and income.  n84 In 2014, 46.5 million people participated in SNAP, 45% of
whom were children.  n85 Around half of all children in the United States use
SNAP at some point during childhood.  n86

   In enacting SNAP, Congress set some ground-floor parameters for the program,
and it left the remaining details to the discretion of the Secretary of
Agriculture, whom Congress authorized to develop and oversee the program.  n87
For example, Congress explicitly limited the program to "those households whose
incomes and other financial resources . . . are determined to be a substantial
limiting factor in permitting them to obtain a more nutritious diet,"  n88 but
it gave the Secretary the authority to decide what constitutes eligibly limited
income (currently, 130% of the federal poverty level).  n89

   Most significant is Congress's authorization regarding the thrifty food plan.
Congress stated that a SNAP recipient should receive an amount "equal to the
cost to such households of the thrifty food plan reduced by . . . 30[%] of the
household's income . . . ."  n90 The thrifty food plan is thus the maximum
amount a SNAP household can receive.  n91 All other rules regarding eligibility,
allowances, etc., are deductions from this ceiling. Any analysis of SNAP
adequacy should therefore start with the thrifty food plan. If the thrifty food
plan is inadequate, all other SNAP provisions will also be inadequate.

    [*189]  Congress defined the thrifty food plan as "the diet required to feed
. . . a family of four persons . . . ."  n92 The four persons are defined as "a
man and a woman twenty through fifty," as well as two children, one who is "six
through eight," and one who is "nine through eleven . . . ."  n93 Congress set
this cost as the uniform base allotment for all households "regardless of their
actual composition . . . ."  n94 Without instructing the Secretary how to do so,
Congress authorized the Secretary of Agriculture to construct this diet and
calculate its cost.  n95

   2. Assessing SNAP According to the Right to Food Checklists

   The SNAP program provides food access to vulnerable populations, so it
satisfies the duty checklist and fulfills that part of the right to food.
However, the SNAP program seems to fail the adequate food access checklist. The
program's chief deficiency is qualitative sufficiency.  n96 Critics argue SNAP
does not provide enough money for recipients to buy nutritionally adequate food.
n97 SNAP cannot provide enough money because the thrifty food plan--which sets
the maximum amount Congress allows SNAP to offer recipients--is unrealistic.
n98

   The Secretary for the Department of Agriculture, who has the authority to set
the thrifty food plan, delegated that responsibility to the Under Secretary for
Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services.  n99 Neither Congress nor the Secretary
set guidelines for the Under Secretary governing how Food, Nutrition, and
Consumer Services should design the thrifty food plan.  n100

    [*190]  Food, Nutrition, and Consumer Services designs the plan by creating
a virtual food basket and imagining how a household could distribute its monthly
allotment among specific foods, such as apples, carrots, and potatoes.  n101 The
plan takes into account nutritional needs.  n102 The plan also takes into
account the cost of food, looking at actual food prices as a national average
and at the actual amount of money low-income households typically spend on food.
n103 Oddly, the plan does not create the market basket and then, based on the
market basket, set a minimum dollar amount for buying nutritious food.  n104
Instead, the plan starts with the minimum dollar amount, then decides what a
household could purchase with that amount.  n105 The government first set the
minimum dollar amount, then called the "Economy Food Plan," in keeping with the
1964 Food Stamp Program Act.  n106 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)
designed the Economy Food Plan "as a nutritionally adequate diet for short-term
or emergency use."  n107 In 1975, when the thrifty food plan replaced the
Economy Food Plan, the government replaced the "market baskets" in keeping with
new nutritional guidelines, but it retained the same cost limit.  n108 The USDA
adjusts the cost of the basket to keep with inflation and changing prices, but
the baseline--a food basket designed as emergency food in 1964--remains the
same.  n109

   The thrifty food plan sets the dollar amount necessary for low-income
families to buy nutritious food unrealistically low.  n110 The plan fails for
several reasons. First, the plan fails to recognize that food prices vary across
the country.  n111 In some parts of the country, it is impossible to buy the
thrifty food plan's food basket with the thrifty food plan's budget.  n112 A
2009 study in Vermont by the Campaign to End Childhood Hunger (now Hunger Free
Vermont) found that in order to buy the foods in the thrifty  [*191]  food
plan's food basket in Vermont food stores, Vermont residents would need an
additional $ 156 (if shopping in a supermarket) to $ 374 (if shopping in a
general store) per month.  n113

   Second, the plan fails to recognize how people actually shop.  n114 For
example, the 2006 thrifty food plan estimates that a man will eat 0.07 pounds of
cheese per week, or around two slices of cheese-eight slices of cheese per
month.  n115 In reality, a family would not be able to spread money into such
thin slices of variety; buying one item in the market basket (cheese) would
exclude buying others (milk, meat, beans).

   Third, the plan makes unrealistic assumptions.  n116 It assumes more time for
food preparation and shopping than most Americans have, of any income type.
n117 It assumes time for bargain-shopping at several grocery stores.  n118 It
assumes ready access to grocery stores.  n119 It assumes the food there is fresh
or affordable.  n120 It assumes access to a reliably working refrigerator,
freezer, and stove.  n121 In short, it assumes no slack. As the Food Research
and Action Center put it, "[T]here is no margin of error included within the
[thrifty food plan], which demands perfection across a range of household tasks,
access to resources, and other attributes."  n122 Any household needs some
margin of error, some buffer, for when the stove breaks or a child's sickness
puts the parents out of a few days' wages.  n123 In a low-income household,
there typically is no buffer.  n124 This means the  [*192]  thrifty food plan's
stringent requirements-difficult for any household-are virtually impossible for
a low-income household.  n125

   Finally, the USDA bases the thrifty food plan on what is needed for emergency
food.  n126 Using emergency food as the baseline creates problems. First, the
current law governing SNAP has no language about short-term or emergency food
needs.  n127 Congress merely said SNAP should "provide[] an opportunity to
obtain a more nutritious diet" for those "whose incomes and other financial
resources . . . are determined to be a substantial limiting factor" in obtaining
that diet.  n128 Moreover, as anti-hunger advocates explain, households often
need to use SNAP for a long period of time.  n129 It is unrealistic to assume
SNAP will only serve as short-term assistance.

   Furthermore, according to the right to food frame, even if SNAP is an
emergency food program, the government must provide nutritionally adequate food.
n130 Comment 12 states, "[W]henever an individual or group is unable, for
reasons beyond their control, to enjoy the right to adequate food by means at
their disposal, States have the obligation to fulfill (provide) that right
directly."  n131 The right is to adequate food. The right is not to "a minimum
package of calories, proteins and other specific nutrients."  n132 The right is
to food "in a quantity and quality sufficient to satisfy the dietary needs of
individuals, free from adverse substances, and acceptable within a given culture
. . . ."  n133 According to the right to food, whenever individuals or
communities are unable to feed themselves, the government has an enforceable
obligation to provide food or the means to buy food, and that food must be
nutritionally adequate--even in an emergency.  n134

   As for the other elements of the adequate food access checklist, SNAP offers
food access to all individuals and groups because it offers food access to those
parts of the U.S. population that do not have enough food, facilitating
universal food access.  n135 The food access is not regular, permanent, and
unrestricted because the money provided is not enough to meet nutritional needs,
and families often run out of money before they can  [*193]  receive more.  n136
SNAP provides economic access to food.  n137 SNAP provides physical access to an
extent because many locations accept SNAP, including supermarkets, general
stores, and farmer's markets, but it does not relieve problems with food
deserts, transportation, or mobility and control for some vulnerable populations
like children and the elderly.  n138 People can choose their own food, so SNAP
is probably culturally appropriate. However, this element may implicate physical
access if the recipient can only access culturally inappropriate food.  n139
Whether SNAP supports dignity is arguable.  n140 Culturally, stigma attaches to
SNAP assistance, even though around half of all people in the United States,
child or adult, receive SNAP at some point during their lives.  n141 On the
other hand, SNAP recipients shop at the same places and in the same way as other
shoppers; they do not necessarily stand out, and often people do not know who
SNAP recipients are; and SNAP enables families to meet other household expenses,
like paying for housing, clothes, transportation, and school, that support
living in a dignified way.  n142

   3. How the Right to Food Would Improve SNAP

   Congress should reauthorize SNAP with the right to food in mind. It does not
have to affirm an enforceable right to food within the United States in order to
benefit from the right to food framework. The simplest, most direct change
Congress can make is to set more specific parameters for the Secretary of
Agriculture. Currently, Congress draws no explicit link between SNAP's thrifty
meal plan and nutritional requirements.  n143 Congress states that, as a
generality, SNAP should enable households that need such assistance to "obtain a
more nutritious diet"; it says specifically that the Secretary may design and
calculate a thrifty meal plan that is the maximum allotment for SNAP; and it
says the thrifty meal plan is "the diet  [*194]  required to feed" a four-person
family.  n144 Congress does not require the Secretary to design a thrifty meal
plan that can buy a nutritionally adequate diet to feed a four-person family.
n145 Congress should make this change. Congress should require the Secretary to
develop a thrifty meal plan with an amount sufficient to feed a four-person
household a nutritionally adequate diet according to the 2015 Dietary
Guidelines.  n146 Moreover, Congress should require the Secretary to adjust the
amount according to geographical purchasing power to reflect actual prices
within each region of the country, rather than rely on a national pricing
average.  n147

   This straightforward change would not solve all of SNAP's problems. Congress
or the Secretary for Agriculture must still address whether the thrifty food
plan, even at a higher amount, reflects the following: the actual way people
shop, a reasonable amount of time for food preparation, whether people have
physical access to healthy foods, and whether SNAP enables food access with
dignity.  n148 Most of all, even a reformed SNAP may not enable people to feed
themselves, which is the crux of the right to food.  n149 But creating a
baseline requirement for nutritional adequacy would be a major step in the right
direction. It also illustrates how the right to food framework better
illuminates hunger and its viable solutions, even without requiring the
government to fully adopt an enforceable right to food.

B. School Food Programs

   1. How the School Food Programs Work

   A patchwork of federal and state laws provide food for Vermont students.
n150 The major program is the National School Lunch Program.  n151  [*195]
Congress first authorized the program in 1946 with the National School Lunch
Act.  n152 Congress stated the Act's purpose was to "safeguard the health and
well-being of the Nation's children and to encourage the domestic consumption of
nutritious agricultural commodities" as a "measure of national security."  n153
In 1966, Congress expanded the National School Lunch Program with the Child
Nutrition Act of 1966.  n154 This Act affirmed the "demonstrated relationship
between food and good nutrition and the capacity of children to develop and
learn . . . ."  n155 The Child Nutrition Act also authorized a School Breakfast
Program.  n156 Congress delegated authority to the Secretary of Agriculture for
both programs.  n157 Congress authorized states to oversee the programs with
grants and other assistance from the Secretary.  n158

   Congress amended the Child Nutrition Act of 1996 with the Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010.  n159 The Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act requires
the Secretary of Agriculture to create nutritional standards for all foods
served and sold in schools that conform to the most recent Dietary Guidelines
for Americans.  n160 In keeping with the Act, USDA regulations now require, for
example, that lunch must offer Yz cup of fruit per day and 2 Yz cups of fruit
per week; schools must offer vegetables in all vegetable subgroups during the
week (dark green, red/orange, beans and peas, starchy, and other); and all
grains must be "whole grain-rich" products.  n161 Congress authorized the
programs to give free lunches to students at or below 130% of the poverty level,
and to give reduced-price lunches to students up to 185% of the poverty level.
n162

   The Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act also opened a Community Eligibility
Provision that enables schools to qualify for free meals for all  [*196]
students if at least 40% of students are "directly certified" as eligible,
meaning, for example, their households qualify for SNAP.  n163 The federal
government pays a portion of the meals' cost, up to 100%, depending on the
proportion of directly certified students, and the schools pay the rest.  n164
In the 2014-2015 school year, 11 Vermont schools participated in the Community
Eligibility Provision, serving 7,386 students.  n165 The federal government also
funds a Farm to School Grant Program.  n166

Vermont law expands the federal programs' reach.  n167 First, Vermont makes both
breakfast and lunch free to students with household incomes at 185% or less of
the federal poverty level.  n168 Vermont pays the reduced-priced fee to schools
on the students' behalf.  n169 Second, Vermont funds the Vermont Farm-to-School
Program, which awards Vermont schools money to "help[] Vermont schools develop
relationships with local farmers and producers."  n170 Among other things, the
grant pays for resources that will "increase use of local foods" in the school
food programs, and it pays for local foods and other materials and assistance
that will help teachers train students about "nutrition and farm-to-school
connections . . . ."  n171 Nearly two-thirds of Vermont schools offer
farm-to-school programs, and 95% of those schools serve local foods.  n172
Vermont school districts spent 16.2% of their food budget on local foods from
2011 to 2012.  n173

    [*197]  2. Assessing the School Food Programs According to the Right to Food
Checklists

   In the duty checklist, the federal and state food programs meet the provide
element. The school food programs provide food directly to those who cannot feed
themselves.  n174 Low-income children, in particular, are wholly dependent on
others for their food.  n175 Although many children do manage the household food
preparation,  n176 in most situations children cannot control their income,
housing, transportation, or other necessary parts of food security. In addition,
because they are still growing, they are particularly vulnerable to harm from
inadequate food.  n177 Incomplete nutrition affects brain development,
metabolism, and overall growth.  n178 Feeding children, therefore, is a
particularly strong state obligation under the right to food.  n179

   In addition, hunger can severely interfere with education.  n180 Hunger and
dietary quality strongly correlate with academic performance, which  [*198]  can
obstruct a student's ability to provide for herself when she becomes an adult.
n181 Therefore, the federal and state food programs also facilitate the
children's right to food.

   The programs also largely meet the adequate food access checklist. The
programs target school children only, so they do not meet the right to food for
all individuals and groups in the population; and the programs do not provide
food in the evening, on the weekend, or in the summer, so the food access is not
regular and consistent.  n182 But if we evaluate the programs within their
scope-asking whether the programs meet the adequate food checklist for school
children during the school year--then the programs meet, or nearly meet, the
checklist requirements.

   First, the programs directly provide food (economic and physical access) for
all children who need food (all individuals and groups).  n183 Vermont offers
free breakfast and lunch to all students at or below 185% of the federal poverty
line.  n184 This is considerably broader than the SNAP requirement, which is
130% of the federal poverty line.  n185 The 185% level includes families of four
that make $ 44,863 per year.  n186 The 185% standard reaches nearly half of
Vermont schoolchildren.  n187 Most likely, it reaches virtually all children who
need government assistance, which means it better supports the right to food
than a 130% standard. Because the programs provide food every school day
(breakfast and lunch), the food access is regular and consistent.  n188

    [*199]  The provided food is of sufficient quantity and nutritional quality.
n189 Unlike with SNAP, Congress explicitly required the Secretary of Agriculture
to develop nutritional requirements for school food programs, and Congress
grounded those requirements in federal nutrition guidelines.  n190 The Food and
Nutrition Board of the National Research Council of the National Academy of
Sciences publishes these guidelines.  n191 The regulations include a requirement
that schools offer a variety of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, meat or a meat
alternative (like beans), and dairy, with specific minimum amounts.  n192 The
regulations also prohibit trans fats and require foods low in sodium and sugar.
n193 In addition, the federal and state farm-to-school programs augment the
nutritional requirements with local food procurement.  n194 Local food tends to
be fresher, which means it offers more nutrients and taste.  n195 The
farm-to-school programs also foster a locavore culture in the school's
community, improving support for nutritional school meals and an interest in
healthy foods.  n196 Together, the programs provide a sufficient quantity of
nutritionally adequate food.

   Perhaps the only significant failure of the school food programs is the
stigma attached to receiving free meals.  n197 Dignity is an essential element
to the right to food.  n198 If a direct provision program communicates shame or
indignity, it has not fully met the right to food. The Community Eligibility
Provision is an excellent solution to the stigma problem. The Community
Eligibility Provision provides food to all students at that school, regardless
[*200]  of need, so free meals are not stigmatized.  n199 Faye Conte of Hunger
Free Vermont reported that their studies on the effects of the Community
Eligibility Provision are incomplete (the program started in the 2014-2015
school year), but anecdotally, the program has been extremely positive.  n200
The program completely removes stigma from eating school lunches.  n201 School
lunch participation has increased for students of all income types; the food
workers can spend more time on preparing meals, rather than dealing with
payments and paperwork; and administrations have fewer administrative burdens.
n202

   3. How the Right to Food Would Improve the School Food Programs

   The school food programs, taken on their own,  n203 already perform well
under the right to food.  n204 They provide food directly to vulnerable
populations that cannot feed themselves and thereby facilitate self-provision in
adulthood.  n205 The programs provide high-quality food regularly and
consistently, two times a day, every school day. Congress explicitly requires
the food be sufficient in both quantity and quality, that is, nutritious.  n206
The farm-to-school programs and the Community Eligibility Provision foster a
positive food culture and mitigate possible indignity in receiving free meals.
n207 The right to food would point to one significant improvement: to expand
universal school meals to all schools.

    [*201]  C. Burlington Zoning

   1. How Burlington Zoning Works

   In 2014 and 2015, the Burlington City Council amended the Burlington
Comprehensive Zoning Ordinance, providing enormous support to urban food
production.  n208 The Ordinance exempts from permitting requirements "[a]ccepted
agricultural and silvicultural practices, including the construction of farm
structures. . . ."  n209 More specifically, the Ordinance exempts "[a]ll
structures of 24 square feet or less and no taller than 15 feet"; "[c]old frames
of 6 feet in height or less"; "[u]p to 2 seasonal hoop houses, each 200 square
feet or less, without foundations"; and "[u]rban agricultural uses or structures
located on building rooftops."  n210 Structures must comply with setback
requirements.  n211 The Ordinance also exempts from permitting the "[s]ale of
food produced onsite or at an individual's community garden plot not to exceed $
1,000 per year."  n212 The Ordinance allows residents to process food for sale
within their own kitchens.  n213

   The Ordinance permits community gardens nearly everywhere in the city: in all
residential zones, neighborhood mixed use zones, enterprise zones, and the
institutional zone, as well as most of the downtown mixed use zones, the
agricultural zone, and the recreation/greenspace zone.  n214 The  [*202]
Ordinance also allows "Agricultural Use" in much of the city, including the
agricultural zone, the recreation/greenspace zone, the institutional zone, one
of the enterprise zones, and, conditionally, in the conservation zone.  n215 The
Ordinance allows open-air markets in downtown mixed-use areas, neighborhood
mixed-use areas, enterprise areas, and the agricultural zone, opening a huge
part of the city to farmer's markets.  n216

   2. Assessing the Burlington Ordinance According to the Right to Food
Checklists

   The Ordinance illustrates how government shapes the space in which
communities access food. Not one of the rules in the Burlington Ordinance
provides food to low-income households.  n217 Nor do the rules require
government to provide food.  n218 Yet the Ordinance powerfully supports the
right to food because it ensures that government and private entities respect
(not obstruct) the ability of Burlington residents to feed themselves.  n219 As
a result, home gardens, community gardens, farmers' markets, and rooftop gardens
are free to proliferate. The rules also fulfill and facilitate the right to food
by making it easy for residents to build gardening structures, create community
gardens, and start small garden stands. They also incentivize developers to
include space for community gardens.  n220 Thus, the Ordinance meets the duty
checklist in the right to food.

   The Ordinance also performs well in the adequate food access checklist. The
Ordinance allows substantial gardening activity--not just a small plot, or a
chicken or two, which would not be enough to feed a family--but sufficient
gardening such that a household could provide itself with a significant portion
of its food.  n221 Residents can also provide a significant quantity of
high-quality food to others.  n222 Because residents  [*203]  grow and raise the
food on-site, that food is also fresh and nutritious.  n223 Thus, the Ordinance
respects and facilitates the ability of all individuals and groups to feed
themselves regular and consistent food to which they have economic and physical
access that is quantitatively and qualitatively sufficient in a way that
promotes dignity.  n224 Because the residents may control what food they
produce, they can also ensure that food is culturally appropriate.  n225

   3. How the Right to Food Can Improve the Burlington Zoning Ordinance

   The Burlington Ordinance has one relevant failure. The Ordinance lists a
series of objectives, such as "to encourage the use and development of lands in
Burlington in a manner which will promote the public health, safety and welfare;
. . . to encourage the continued economic growth and vitality of the city;" and
"to create a model city for people to live and work in."  n226 Food access, food
security, or self-provision for low-income families, or any variant of these,
are lacking.  n227 If Burlington applied the right to food framework when
revising the Ordinance, it would bring food security to the forefront of city
planning. A more comprehensive ordinance would address whether the city rules
enable low-income families physical and economic access to adequate food.

D. Minimum Wage

   1. About the Minimum Wage

   Anti-hunger advocates frequently argue that hunger is a poverty problem, not
a food problem, and one suggested solution is to raise the minimum wage.  n228
The federal minimum wage in 2015 was $ 7.25 per  [*204]  hour.  n229 In Vermont
in 2016, the minimum wage is $ 9.60 per hour.  n230 It will increase to $ 10.00
in 2017 and $ 10.50 in 2018.  n231 Vermont's minimum wage is the third-highest
in the country.  n232 However, according to the Vermont Joint Fiscal Office, $
13.00 per hour is the amount a single, full-time worker with full medical
benefits would need to meet her needs while living in a two-person household
without children.  n233 A single adult with one child living in a rural area
would need to earn $ 24.57 per hour.  n234 Neither minimum wage law provides a
reason for setting those amounts, and neither requires the minimum wage to meet
any particular living standard.  n235

   2. Assessing the Minimum Wage According to the Right to Food

   That wages are a hunger issue is congruent with the right to food framework.
The right to food looks at hunger in a systemic way.  n236 It assumes that
hunger is not an isolated issue or an uncontrollable, inevitable problem.  n237
If a significant portion of the American population cannot consistently access
adequate food, the right to food framework instructs us to look for a broader
problem, a problem that causes food insecurity. That broader problem, perhaps,
is insufficient wages.  n238 Brazil seems to have reasoned this way; Brazil
recognizes the right to food as a function of the constitutional right to a
minimum wage.  n239

    [*205]  In a right to food framework, the federal and state minimum wage
laws must respect, protect, provide, or facilitate the right to food.  n240 If
the government allows employers to pay a wage so low that reasonable people
cannot provide adequate food for themselves, the government fails to protect the
right to food.  n241 An unreasonably low minimum wage fails the duty checklist
of the right to food.

   Whether the minimum wage is unreasonably low depends on the adequate food
access checklist. Can an employee gain adequate food access with minimum-wage
pay? According to the Vermont Joint Fiscal Office, the Vermont minimum wage is
insufficient to meet basic needs.  n242 The Vermont Joint Fiscal Office was not
working with the right to food checklist in making its estimates, but it is fair
to assume that if a minimum-wage employee cannot meet her basic needs, she also
cannot gain adequate food access with those wages. Therefore, the minimum wage
is unreasonably low, and both the federal and Vermont governments fail the duty
and adequate food access checklists under the right to food. Facts bear out this
reasoning: in Vermont, working families receive 55% of federal public assistance
and 54% of Vermont public assistance.  n243 It could make more financial sense
for the government to raise the minimum wage and ensure families do not need the
government "hand-out" at all.  n244

   3. How the Right to Food Could Improve Minimum Wage

   The right to food affirms the ability to access food--including economic
access to food--as a basic human right, indivisible from other rights, and
derived from human dignity.  n245 Therefore, a minimum wage that cannot provide
adequate economic access to food fails to meet a human right.  n246 If
governments legislated minimum wage laws according to the right to food
framework, they would begin by asking, what do households  [*206]  need in order
to obtain quantitatively and qualitatively sufficient food?  n247 Anything less
would fail governmental duty.  n248 The right to food, in other words, would
provide a rational basis for providing a higher minimum wage than currently
exists, and it would suggest a legislative process grounded in what households
actually need in order to access food. In addition, using the right to food
framework would ensure legislators set a wage sufficient not just to buy
quantitatively sufficient food, but food that is nutritionally adequate (
qualitatively sufficient), in a way that supports human dignity.  n249 Federal
and state minimum wage laws should require that a fiscal office, like Vermont's
Joint Fiscal Office, calculate what a full-time worker would need to earn per
hour to meet a basic standard of living, including the ability to obtain
adequate food, as defined by the right to food. The minimum wage should meet
that threshold amount.

   CONCLUSION

   The nation's most straightforward route to fulfilling the right to food is
constitutionally affirming a right to food.  n250 However, even without
explicitly embracing an affirmative right to food, governments can use the right
to food framework to structure their policies. Governments can recognize the
right to food as a directive principle intended to guide policymaking, but
without enforceability.  n251 Governments can also require that in passing laws,
legislatures assess how the law will affect food access, according to the right
to food checklists. Considering the components of food access that the right to
food articulates would increase the visibility of food access and address some
of its problems.  n252 Even better, governments can pass framework laws bringing
together the different government sectors that affect food access, such as
family and child services, education, land use planning, housing, and labor, and
address hunger cohesively.  n253

    [*207]  The right to food does not need to impose a significant burden.
While it does impose the duty to provide food to those who cannot provide for
themselves, the right to food does not demand that government feed all of its
citizens.  n254 It does demand that the government create the legal architecture
for people to support themselves with dignity.  n255 This is a reasonable
requirement, and federal, state, and local governments should embrace this duty.

FOOTNOTES:





n1  Hunger, WORLD FOOD PROGRAMME, https://www.wfp.org/hunger (last visited Nov.
23, 2016).





n2  Id.





n3  Id.





n4  ALISHA COLEMAN-JENSEN ET AL., U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC., HOUSEHOLD FOOD SECURITY
IN THE UNITED STATES IN 2014, at 8 (2015).





n5  Vermont Hunger Facts, HUNGER FREE VT.,
https://www.hungerfreevt.org/learn/what-is-the-issue (last visited Nov. 23,
2016) (noting that this amounts to about 17% of Vermont's children).





n6  Id.





n7  WORLD FOOD PROGRAMME, supra note 1. See also Olivier de Schutter, The Right
to Food: An Overview by Olivier de Schutter, YOUTUBE (Oct. 22, 2014),
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3GWDkenSJMc (explaining that government
recognition of technological advances in agriculture would not solve the hunger
problem) [hereinafter de Schutter, The Right to Food].





n8  LIDIJA KNUTH & MARGRET VIDAR, FOOD & AGRIC. ORG. OF THE U.N., CONSTITUTIONAL
AND LEGAL PROTECTION OF THE RIGHT TO FOOD AROUND THE WORLD 32 (2011) (analyzing
right-tofood recognition in 106 countries around the world); Olivier de
Schutter, Former UN Special Rapporteur on the Right to Food, Inst. for
Interdisciplinary Research in Legal Sci., Univ. of Louvain, Visiting Professor
of Law at Yale Law Sch., Keynote Address at the Yale Food Systems Symposium: New
Alliances that Shape a Food Movement (Oct. 30, 2015) (discussing international
approaches to hunger, including the right to food); Michael J. McDermott,
Constitutionalizing an Enforceable Right to Food: A New Tool for Combating
Hunger, 35 B.C. INT'L & COMP. L. REV. 543, 546 (2012); Marc J. Cohen & Mary
Ashby Brown, Access to Justice and the Right to Adequate Food, 6 SUSTAINABLE
DEV. L. & POL'Y 54 (2005); Flavio Luiz Schieck Valente, The Human Right to Food
Movement in Brazil, in 2 FOOD AND HUMAN RIGHTS IN DEVELOPMENT 182 (Wenche Barth
Eide & Uwe Kracht, eds., 2007). See also UVM Food Systems Summit: The Right to
Food: Power, Policy, and Politics in the 21st Century, UNIV. OF VT.,
http://www.uvm.edu/foodsystems/?Page=summit2015.html&SM=summitmenu.html (last
visited Nov. 23, 2016), (presenting food activists advocating for the right to
food; particularly useful are the works of keynote speakers Raj Patel
(http://rajpatel.org/) and Smita Narula (https://twitter.com/SmitaNarula)).





n9  International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights art. 11, Dec.
16, 1966, 993 U.N.T.S. 3 [hereinafter Covenant].





n10  KNUTH & VIDAR, supra note 8, at 32.





n11  Ann M. Piccard, The United States' Failure to Ratify the International
Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights: Must the Poor Be Always with
Us?, 13 SCHOLAR 231, 232 (2010). See also Linda M. Keller, The American
Rejection of American Rights as Human Rights & the Declaration of Independence:
Does the Pursuit of Happiness Require Basic Economic Rights?, 19 N.Y.L. SCH. J.
HUM. RTS. 557, 560-64 (2003) (discussing how the United States refuses to
recognize economic, social, and cultural rights).





n12  See JOEL BERG, CTR. FOR AM. PROGRESS, DOING WHAT WORKS TO END U.S. HUNGER:
FEDERAL FOOD PROGRAMS ARE EFFECTIVE, BUT CAN WORK EVEN BETTER 1 (2010)
(discussing how federal nutrition assistance programs have virtually eliminated
starvation within the United States); Tatiana Andreyeva et al., Dietary Quality
of Americans by Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Participation Status:
A Systematic Review, 49 AM. J. PREVENTATIVE MED. 594, 594 (2015) ("SNAP
effectively alleviates food insecurity in terms of caloric, macronutrient, and
micronutrient intake."). See also Telephone Interview with Faye Conte, Advocacy
& Educ. Dir., Hunger Free Vt. (Nov. 25, 2015) (on file with author) (discussing
how the federal government designed SNAP as temporary food assistance);
Interview with Michelle Lapine McCabe, Dir. of Cmty. Engagement & Food Access,
The Council of Churches of Greater Bridgeport, Inc., in New Haven, Conn. (Oct.
31, 2015) (on file with author) (discussing how communities assume food pantries
are temporary food sources).





n13  Telephone Interview with Faye Conte, supra note 12; Interview with Michelle
Lapine McCabe, supra note 12; Interview with John Sayles, CEO, Vt. Foodbank, in
Barre, Vt. (Oct. 23, 2015) (on file with author).





n14  See supra note 8 (particularly Flavio Luiz Schieck Valente and the work of
Smita Narula).





n15  Id.





n16  Universal Declaration of Human Rights, G.A. Res. 217 (III), art. 25, U.N.
Doc. A/RES/217(III) (Dec. 10, 1948),
http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/index.shtml#a25 [hereinafter Universal
Declaration of Human Rights]; McDermott, supra note 8, at 546. See also
Katherine G. Young, Freedom, Want, and Economic and Social Rights: Frame and Law
, 24 MD. J. INT'L L. 182, 184-86 (2009) (discussing the right to food in the
context of Franklin D. Roosevelt's "four freedoms").





n17  Covenant, supra note 9, art. 11. See also McDermott, supra note 8, at 546
(introducing Article 11 of the Covenant); Jesse Burgess, Let Them Eat Cake:
Constitutional Rights to Food, 18 WILLAMETTE J. INT'L. L. & DISP. RESOL. 256,
257, 259 (2010) (discussing how the United States signed-- but did not
ratify--the Covenant); Keller, supra note 11, at 562 (discussing how the United
States refuses to recognize economic, social, and cultural rights).





n18  e Schutter, The Right to Food, supra note 7; World Food Summit: 13-17
November 1996 Rome Italy, FOOD & AGRIC. ORG.,
http://www.fao.org/wfs/index_en.htm (last visited Nov. 23, 2016).





n19  de Schutter, The Right to Food, supra note 7; World Food Summit, supra note
18.





n20  de Schutter, The Right to Food, supra note 7.





n21  U.N. Econ. & Soc. Council [ECOSOC], Comm. on Econ., Soc. & Cultural Rights,
Substantive Issues Arising in the Implementation of the International Covenant
on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights: General Comment 12, E/C.12/1999/5 (May
12, 1999) [hereinafter Comment 12].





n22  Id. P 5.





n23  KNUTH & VIDAR, supra note 8, at 32; Piccard, supra note 11, at 232. See
also Keller, supra note 11, at 562 (discussing how the United States refuses to
recognize economic, social, and cultural rights).





n24  Covenant, supra note 9, art. 11.





n25  Comment 12, supra note 21, P 6.





n26  See Young, supra note 16, at 191-92 ("[A] claim of a right to food,
clothing, housing, medical care, or education creates the terms under which
hunger, indigence, medical neglect, or barriers to schooling can be communicated
and understood as injustices, rather than as misfortunes."); Valente, supra note
8, at 182-83.





n27  Valente, supra note 8, at 182-83; Comment 12, supra note 21, P 4; Cohen &
Brown, supra note 8, at 55.





n28  Comment 12, supra note 21, P 4 (emphasis added).





n29  Cohen & Brown, supra note 8, at 55.





n30  Comment 12, supra note 21, P 4; Valente, supra note 8, at 183.





n31  Comment 12, supra note 21, P 4 (emphasis added).





n32  Id.; Valente, supra note 8, at 183. See also Burgess, supra note 17, at 258
(stating that economic rights "reflect the view that individuals are entitled to
protection from natural and economic forces that subject them to lives below
what is required for human dignity") (emphasis added).





n33  Comment 12, supra note 21, P 4 (emphasis added).





n34  Valente, supra note 8, at 183.





n35  See Comment 12, supra note 21, P 15 (describing the different duties of
government that the right to food imposes); Cohen & Brown, supra note 8, at 55
("[F]ulfilling the right to food does not translate into the direct provision of
food to all citizens but, rather, describes a broader commitment by the state to
create an institutional framework in which citizens can achieve freedom from
hunger."); DANUTA CHMIELEWSKA & DARANA SOUZA, INT'L POLICY CTR. FOR INCLUSIVE
GROWTH, THE FOOD SECURITY POLICY CONTEXT IN BRAZIL 11 (2011) ("The state . . .
has the obligation to ensure food and nutrition with dignity to households
suffering from hunger or malnutrition because of conditions beyond their
control. The state must also seek to guarantee that these households and
individuals regain the ability to feed themselves.").





n36  Valente, supra note 8, at 183.





n37  Id.





n38  Comment 12, supra note 21, P 15; CHMIELEWSKA & SOUZA, supra note 35.





n39  See Valente, supra note 8 and accompanying text (acknowledging the
relationship between dignity and one's ability to feed oneself).





n40  Comment 12, supra note 21, P 15. See also Young, supra note 16, at 191-92
(discussing how the human rights framework imposes duties on duty-holders).





n41  Comment 12, supra note 21, P 15.





n42  Id.





n43  Id.





n44  Id.





n45  Id.





n46  Id.





n47  Id.





n48  Id.





n49  Id.





n50  Id.





n51  Id.





n52  Id. P 6.





n53  KNUTH & VIDAR, supra note 8, at 10.





n54  Comment 12, supra note 21, PP 6, 13.





n55  Id. P 13.





n56  Id.





n57  Id. ("Economic accessibility implies that personal or household financial
costs associated with the acquisition of food for an adequate diet should be at
a level such that the attainment and satisfaction of other basic needs are not
threatened or compromised.").





n58  Id.





n59  Id.





n60  For a discussion of rural food deserts in terms of food access, see
generally Jesse C. McEntee, Food Deserts in Vermont: Identifying Inadequate Food
Access and the Corresponding Policy Implications 10 (Aug. 2007) (unpublished
M.A. thesis, Tufts University) (available through ProQuest, UMI Number:
1442520). See also Food Access Research Atlas, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC. ECON.
RESEARCH SERV.,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/data-products/food-access-research-atlas/go-to-the-atlas
.aspx (last updated Oct. 19, 2016) (atlas of food deserts in the United States).





n61  Comment 12, supra note 21, PP 8-9.





n62  Id. P 8.





n63  Id. P 6.





n64  Id. P 9.





n65  See New Food Stamp Facts: 10 Facts on U.S. Hunger and How Federal Programs
Such as SNAP (Food Stamps) Effectively Combat It, N.Y.C. COAL. AGAINST HUNGER,
https://nyccah.org/learn-about-hunger/new-food-stamp-facts (last visited Nov.
23, 2016) [hereinafter New Food Stamp Facts] (Fact # 5, discussing how the
federal supplemental nutrition programs "succeeded remarkably in achieving their
main goal: ending starvation conditions in America"); BERG, supra note 12, at 1
(discussing how federal nutrition assistance programs have virtually eliminated
starvation within the United States); Andreyeva, supra note 12, at 594 ("SNAP
effectively alleviates food insecurity in terms of caloric, macronutrient, and
micronutrient intake.").





n66  See New Food Stamp Facts, supra note 65 (attributing the expansion of
federally funded programs with "ending starvation").





n67  COLEMAN-JENSEN ET AL., supra note 4, at 8 (In 2014, 14% or 17.4 million
households were "food insecure," meaning "they were, at times, unable to acquire
adequate food . . . . A majority of food-insecure households avoided substantial
reductions or disruptions in food intake, in many cases by . . . reducing
variety in their diets.").





n68  Supra notes 65, 67.





n69  Sam Dolnick, The Obesity-Hunger Paradox, N.Y. TIMES (Mar. 12, 2010),
http://www.nytimes.com/2010/03/14/nyregion/14hunger.html?_r=0. See also New Food
Stamp Facts, supra note 65 ("Because low-income families have more difficulty
affording the most nutritious foods, and because low-income neighborhoods are
often 'food deserts' that lack healthy food options, hunger and obesity are
often flip-sides of the same malnutrition coin."); Why Low-Income and Food
Insecure People Are Vulnerable to Overweight and Obesity, FOOD RES. & ACTION
CTR.,
http://frac.org/initiatives/hunger-and-obesity/why-are-low-income-and-food-insec
ure-people-vulnerable-to-obesity (last visited Nov. 23, 2016); Mark Hyman, How
Malnutrition Causes Obesity, HUFFINGTON POST (May 8, 2012, 8:12 AM),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dr-mark-hyman/malnutrition-obesity_b_1324760.html
(discussing the relationship between malnutrition and obesity).





n70  See supra notes 32-39, 53 and accompanying text (discussing food access as
a human right).





n71  Valente, supra note 8, at 183.





n72  See supra Part I.B.1 (explaining human rights through food access).





n73  See supra Part I.B.1 (analyzing food access through a human rights
framework).





n74  Comment 12, supra note 21, P 4.





n75  Id.





n76  See supra Part I.B.1 (using the human rights concept for access to food).





n77  For example, if people struggle to access food economically, then housing,
health care, or other expenses will affect their food access. See Sharon I.
Kirkpatrick & Valerie Tarasuk, Housing Circumstances Are Associated with
Household Food Access Among Low-Income Urban Families, 88 J. URB. HEALTH 284,
284 (2011) (discussing the relationship between household food security and
affordable housing). Intellectual property laws can restrict people from saving
seeds from one year to the next, requiring them to purchase seeds, and reducing
their ability to feed themselves. See Joe Satran, Supreme Court Justice:
Monsanto Seed Saving by Indiana Farmer like Bank Robbery, HUFFINGTON POST (Feb.
20, 2013, 1:35 PM EST),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/02/20/supreme-court-monsanto_n_2720057.html
(highlighting the court battle between GMO seed producer Monsanto and an Indiana
farmer who saved seeds from crops developed by Monsanto); Seed-Sharing Snafu,
MOTHER EARTH NEWS (Apr./May 2015),
http://www.motherearthnews.com/organic-gardening/garden-planning/seed-sharing-sn
afu-zm0z15amzmar.aspx (reporting that some states ban seed-sharing without a
permit); LA VIA CAMPESINA & GRAIN, Seed Laws That Criminalise Farmers:
Resistance and Fight Back (2015),
https://www.grain.org/article/entries/5175-seed-laws-that-criminalise-farmers-po
ster-map-tables-and-additional-country-cases (describing the struggle of
"peasant" farmers in the developing world to retain their right to save seeds);
Haley Stein, Intellectual Property and Genetically Modified Seeds: The United
States, Trade, and the Developing World, 3 NW. J. TECH. & INTELL. PROP. 160,
161-69 (2005) (analyzing intellectual property laws and their effect on
seed-saving).





n78  7 U.S.C. §§ 2011-2036(c) (2012); INST. OF MED., SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION
ASSISTANCE PROGRAM: EXAMINING THE EVIDENCE TO DEFINE BENEFIT ADEQUACY: REPORT
BRIEF 1 (2013),
http://iom.nationalacademies.org/-/media/Files/Report%20Files/2013/SNAP/SNAP_RB.
pdf. For more information on SNAP, see Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
(SNAP), U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC. FOOD & NUTRITION SERV.,
http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/supplemental-nutrition-assistance-program-snap
(last updated Aug. 11, 2016), SNAP: Frequently Asked Questions, SNAP TO HEALTH!,
http://www.snaptohealth.org/snap/snap-frequently-asked-questions (last visited
Nov. 23, 2016), and 3SquaresVT, VT. DEP'T FOR CHILDREN & FAMILIES,
http://dcf.vermont.gov/benefits/3SquaresVT (last visited Nov. 14, 2016). See
also 3SquaresVT Outreach and Education, HUNGER FREE VT.,
http://www.hungerfreevt.org/what/3squaresvt (last visited Nov. 23, 2016)
(providing educational resources for 3SquaresVt applicants); 3SquaresVT, VT.
FOODBANK, https://www.vtfoodbank.org/nurture-people/3squaresvt (last visited
Nov. 23, 2016); RANDY ALISON AUSSENBERG, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., R42505,
SUPPLEMENTAL NUTRITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM (SNAP): A PRIMER ON ELIGIBILITY AND
BENEFITS (2014), https://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/R42505.pdf. For more
information on other federal nutrition assistance programs, see FOOD & NUTRITION
SERV., U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC., HOW TO GET FOOD HELP (2010),
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/ConsumerBrochure.pdf.





n79  7 U.S.C. § 2013(a); Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP): To
Apply, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC. FOOD & NUTRITION SERV.,
http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/apply (last updated Aug. 26, 2016).





n80  Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP): A Short History of SNAP,
U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC. FOOD & NUTRITION SERV.,
http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/short-history-snap (last visited Nov. 23, 2016).





n81  See id. (giving a brief history of SNAP); Food, Conservation, and Energy
Act of 2008, Pub. L. No. 110-246, 122 Stat. 1853 (changing the name to SNAP and
significantly amending the program); Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. 113-79,
128 Stat. 649 (reauthorizing the program with some changes).





n82  7 U.S.C. § 2013(a).





n83  3SquaresVT, VT. FOODBANK, supra note 78.





n84  Id.; AUSSENBERG, supra note 78, at 2.





n85  3SquaresVT, VT. FOODBANK, supra note 78; Andreyeva, supra note 12, at 594.





n86  Food Res. & Action Ctr., Replacing the Thrifty Food Plan in Order to
Provide Adequate Allotments for SNAP Beneficiaries 9 (2012),
http://frac.org/pdf/thrifty_food_plan_2012.pdf.





n87  7 U.S.C. § 2013(a).





n88  7 U.S.C. § 2014(a).





n89  7 U.S.C. § 2014(b); SNAP: Frequently Asked Questions, supra note 78.
Congress did set some restrictions on eligibility. 7 U.S.C. § 2014.





n90  7 U.S.C. § 2017(a).





n91  Id.





n92  7 U.S.C. § 2012(u).





n93  Id.





n94  Id.





n95  Id.





n96  For a summary of the other elements of the adequate food access checklist,
see infra notes 135-40.





n97  Food Res. & Action Ctr., supra note 86, at 1-10; MARK STOVELL, VT. CAMPAIGN
TO END CHILDHOOD HUNGER, THE THRIFTY FOOD PLAN AND FOOD COSTS IN VERMONT (2009),
http://www.hungercenter.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/The-Thrifty-Food-Plan-and
-Food-Costs-in-Vermont-Stovell.pdf; Andreyeva, supra note 12, at 603; Susan
Blumenthal et al., Strategies to Improve the Dietary Quality of Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) Beneficiaries: An Assessment of Stakeholder
Opinions, PUB. HEALTH NUTRITION, Dec. 2013, at 1,
http://www.foodpolitics.com/wp-content/uploads/SNAP-article-Public-Health-Nutrit
ion-November-2013.pdf.





n98  Food Res. & Action Ctr., supra note 86, at 1-10.





n99  7 C.F.R. §§ 2.19(a), 2.19(v) (2016).





n100  I could find no congressional law or regulation governing how the thrifty
meal plan is designed or calculated.





n101  ANDREA CARLSON ET AL., CTR. FOR NUTRITION POLICY & PROMOTION, U.S. DEP'T
OF AGRIC., THRIFTY FOOD PLAN 2006 ES-6-ES-8, 1 (2007),
http://www.cnpp.usda.gov/sites/default/files/usda_food_plans_cost_of_food/TFP200
6Report.pdf; Food Res. & Action Ctr., supra note 86, at 4.





n102  CARLSON ET AL., supra note 101, at 2.





n103  Id. at 1-2.





n104  Id. at 2.





n105  Id.





n106  Id.





n107  Id.





n108  Id.; Food Res. & Action Ctr., supra note 86, at 1.





n109  CARLSON ET AL., supra note 101, at 2; 7 U.S.C. § 2012(u)(4) (2012); Food
Res. & Action Ctr., supra note 86, at 2, 7.





n110  Food Res. & Action Ctr., supra note 86, at 1-10.





n111  Id. at 7; INST. OF MED., supra note 78, at 3.





n112  Food Res. & Action Ctr., supra note 86, at 7; STOVELL, supra note 97, at
6.





n113  STOVELL, supra note 97, at 6; About Us, HUNGER FREE VT.,
http://www.hungerfreevt.org/we/about (last visited Nov. 23, 2016).





n114  Food Res. & Action Ctr., supra note 86, at 3.





n115  CARLSON ET AL., supra note 101, at ES-7; How Many Ounces Are in a Slice of
Cheese?, REFERENCE.COM,
http://www.reference.com/food/many-ounces-slice-cheese-14dc65ec1efe34b6 (last
visited Nov. 23, 2016).





n116  Food Res. & Action Ctr., supra note 86, at 1-10.





n117  Id. at 4-5; INST. OF MED., supra note 78, at 2; Blumenthal et al., supra
note 97, at 3.





n118  Food Res. & Action Ctr., supra note 86, at 4 ("Chef Mario Batali took the
SNAP Challenge and reported shopping at four stores to make the budget work");
INST. OF MED., supra note 78, at 2. See also Project for Pub. Spaces, Farmers
Markets as a Strategy to Improve Access to Healthy Food for Low-Income Families
and Communities 9, 11,
http://www.pps.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/RWJF-Report.pdf (last visited Nov.
23, 2016) (reporting that low-income shoppers frequently need to complete all
their shopping at one location).





n119  Food Res. & Action Ctr., supra note 86, at 5 (arguing the Thrifty Food
Plan "[u]nrealistically [a]ssumes [f]ood [a]vailability" because "[l]ow-income
neighborhoods frequently lack full-service grocery stores").





n120  Id.





n121  Id. at 4.





n122  Id. at 3.





n123  Id.





n124  Id.





n125  Id.





n126  CARLSON ET AL., supra note 101, at 2.





n127  7 U.S.C. §§ 2013(a), 2014(a) (2012).





n128  7 U.S.C. §§ 2013(a), 2014(a).





n129  Telephone Interview with Faye Conte, supra note 12.





n130  Comment 12, supra note 21, PP 6, 8, 15.





n131  Id. P 15 (emphasis removed).





n132  Id. P 6.





n133  Id. P 8.





n134  Id. PP 6, 8, 15.





n135  See supra notes 52-54 and accompanying text (detailing the adequate food
access checklist).





n136  See supra notes 55, infra notes 137-54, and accompanying text (listing the
adequate food access checklist).





n137  See supra notes 52-53, 56-57, 111-13 and accompanying text (summarizing
the adequate food access checklist, explaining the economic accessibility
requirement, and acknowledging financial faults with the thrifty food plan).





n138  See supra notes 52-53, 58-60 and accompanying text (discussing the
adequate food access checklist's physical access requirement).





n139  See supra notes 52-53, 58-60, 70-71 and accompanying text (summarizing
physical accessibility under the adequate food access checklist).





n140  See supra Part I.B.1, notes 72-76 and accompanying text (considering the
dignity requirement from the adequate food access checklist).





n141  Food Res. & Action Ctr., supra note 86, at 9.





n142  SNAP: Frequently Asked Questions, supra note 78.





n143  7 U.S.C. §§ 2011, 2013-2014 (2012).





n144  7 U.S.C. §§ 2013, 2017(a), 2012(u) (emphasis added).





n145  7 U.S.C. §§ 2011, 2012(u), 2013-2014, 2017(a).





n146  U.S. DEP'T OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVS. & U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC., DIETARY
GUIDELINES FOR AMERICANS: 2015-2020, at xv-xvii (8th ed. 2009),
https://health.gov/dietaryguidelines/2015/resources/2015-2020_Dietary_Guidelines
.pdf [hereinafter DIETARY GUIDELINES];





n147  See supra notes 111-13 and accompanying text (stating how food prices vary
across the country).





n148  See supra Part II.A.2 (discussing the adequate food access checklist and
SNAP's failings).





n149  See supra notes 35-39 and accompanying text (stipulating the right to food
as the right to feed oneself).





n150  See School Nutrition Programs, VT. AGENCY OF EDUC.,
http://education.vermont.gov/student-support/nutrition/school-meals/school-lunch
-and-breakfast (last visited Nov. 23, 2016) (giving an overview of federal and
State school nutrition programs); FOOD & NUTRITION SERV., U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC.,
NATIONAL SCHOOL LUNCH PROGRAM (2013),
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/NSLPFactSheet.pdf (describing the
National School Lunch Program); FOOD & NUTRITION SERV., U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC.,
THE SCHOOL BREAKFAST PROGRAM (2013),
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/sbp/SBPfactsheet.pdf (explaining the
National School Breakfast Program).





n151  VT. AGENCY OF EDUC., supra note 150.





n152  National School Lunch Act, Pub. L. No. 79-396, 60 Stat. 230 (1964).





n153  Id.





n154  Children Nutrition Act of 1966, Pub. L. No. 89-642, 80 Stat. 885.





n155  Id. sec. 2.





n156  Id. sec. 4.





n157  Id. sec. 2.





n158  Id.





n159  Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010, Pub. L. No. 111-296, 124 Stat.
3183.





n160  Id. At the time Congress passed the Act, the most recent dietary
guidelines were the 2010 Dietary Guidelines, U.S. DEP'T. OF AGRIC. & U.S. DEP'T
OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVS., DIETARY GUIDELINES FOR AMERICANS 2010 (2010),
http://www.cnpp.usda.gov/sites/default/files/dietary_guidelines_for_americans/Po
licyDoc.pdf. The USDA published updated guidelines in 2015. DIETARY GUIDELINES,
supra note 146.





n161  7 C.F.R. § 210.10(c) (2016).





n162  Id.





n163  § 104, 124 Stat. at 3193.





n164  Id.





n165  BECCA SEGAL ET AL., FOOD RES. & ACTION CTR., COMMUNITY ELIGIBILITY
ADOPTION RULES FOR THE 2015-2016 SCHOOL YEAR, INCREASING ACCESS TO SCHOOL MEALS
20, http://frac.org/pdf/take-up-of-cep-report.pdf (last updated May 13, 2016).
The federal government also offers additional support for improved nutrition
programs, such as the Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program, Farm to School grants,
and grants for improving kitchen equipment. Fresh Fruit and Vegetable Program,
U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC. FOOD & NUTRITION SERV.,
http://www.fns.usda.gov/ffvp/fresh-fruit-and-vegetable-program (last updated
Mar. 1, 2016); Farm to School Grant Program, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC. FOOD &
NUTRITION SERV., http://www.fns.usda.gov/farmtoschool/farm-school-grant-program
(last updated Mar. 28, 2016) [hereinafter Farm to School Grant Program].





n166  42 U.S.C. § 1769(g) (2012); Farm to School Grant Program, supra note 165.





n167  VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 16, § 1264 (2014).





n168  Id.





n169  Id.





n170  Id. tit. 6, § 4721 (2014).





n171  Id.





n172  What Is Farm to School?, VT. FEED, http://vtfeed.org/what-farm-school
(last visited Nov. 23, 2016).





n173  Id.





n174  See supra notes 40-49 and accompanying text (discussing governmental
obligations the right to food imposes).





n175  The Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the International Covenant on
Economic, Social, and Cultural Rights, and the Convention on the Rights of the
Child recognize children's special vulnerability, their right to health, and
their right to an adequate standard of living, including food and nutrition.
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, supra note 16 ("Motherhood and childhood
are entitled to special care and assistance."); Covenant, supra note 9, art. 10
("Special measures of protection and assistance should be taken on behalf of all
children . . . ."); Convention on the Rights of the Child, art. 27, Nov. 20,
1989, 1577 U.N.T.S. 3 ("States Parties recognize the right of every child to a
standard of living adequate for the child's physical, mental, spiritual, moral
and social development . . . . States . . . shall in case of need provide
material assistance . . . particularly with regard to nutrition, clothing and
housing."). See also infra notes 177-81 and accompanying text (discussing
effects of poor diet in childhood).





n176  Michelle Lapine McCabe, Director of Community Engagement & Food Access,
Council of Churches of Greater Bridgeport, Inc., Panel Address at Yale Food
Systems Symposium: New Alliances that Shape a Movement: Community Collaboration
for Optimal Collective Impact in Greater Bridgeport (Oct. 31, 2015) (in
answering questions after the panel, Ms. McCabe said they had discovered the
children among their food pantry clients did a lot of the food preparation).





n177  See J. Larry Brown & Ernesto Pollitt, Malnutrition, Poverty, and
Intellectual Development, SCI. AM., Feb. 1996, at 38-43 (reporting on study that
showed negative long-term effects from poor childhood diet); JOHN COOK & KAREN
JENG, FEEDING AMERICA, CHILD FOOD INSECURITY: THE ECONOMIC IMPACT ON OUR NATION
10 (2009) (reporting that children from ages 0 to 3 years old are particularly
vulnerable to food insecurity); Child Diet 'Linked to IQ', NAT'L. HEALTH SERV.
(Feb. 8, 2011) (reviewing a study that showed that a good diet at three years
old led to a higher IQ at eight years old); Child Hunger, FEEDING AMERICA,
http://www.feedingamerica.org/hunger-in-america/impact-of-hunger (last visited
Nov. 23, 2016) ("Food insecurity is harmful to all people, but it is
particularly devastating to children.").





n178  Brown & Pollitt, supra note 177.





n179  See supra note 175 (referencing international support for special care for
children).





n180  See Michelle D. Florence et al., Diet Quality and Academic Performance, 76
J. OF SCH. HEALTH 209, 209 (2008) (finding positive correlation between diet
quality and academic performance); Health & Academics, CTRS. FOR DISEASE CONTROL
& PREVENTION, http://www.cdc.gov/HealthyYouth/health_and_academics (last visited
Nov. 23, 2016) (discussing link between education and poor health, including
poor diet); FOOD & NUTRITION INFO. CTR., ROLE OF NUTRITION IN LEARNING AND
BEHAVIOR: A RESOURCE LIST FOR PROFESSIONALS (2011) (summarizing several studies
that found correlations between diet and academic performance); COOK & JENG,
supra note 177, at 22-26 (reporting on studies showing negative effects from
childhood diet, including poor academic performance).





n181  Supra note 180.





n182  See supra notes 52-60 and accompanying text (discussing the adequate food
access checklist).






n183  See supra notes 52-60 and accompanying text (discussing the adequate food
access checklist).





n184  VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 16, § 1264 (2014).





n185  SNAP: Frequently Asked Questions, supra note 78.





n186  Child Nutrition Programs--Income Eligibility Guidelines, 80 Fed. Reg.
17,026, 17,027 (Mar. 31, 2015).





n187  SEGAL ET AL., supra note 165 (reporting that 50% of Vermont students were
eligible for free or reduced-price lunches during the 2014-2015 school year,
taken as a state-wide average).





n188  See supra notes 52-53, 55 and accompanying text (discussing the adequate
food access checklist).





n189  7 C.F.R. § 210.10(f)(1) (2016). See also supra Part II.B.1 (discussing
school program nutritional requirements).





n190  Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010, Pub. L. No. 111-296, 124 Stat.
3214. For more information on the Dietary Guidelines, see DIETARY GUIDELINES,
supra note 146, at 1.





n191  § 201, 124 Stat. at 3214; DIETARY GUIDELINES, supra note 146, at 1.





n192  7 C.F.R. § 210.10(c).





n193  7 C.F.R. §§ 210.10(a)(3), 210.10(b)(1)(ii), 210.10(b)(2)(iii),
210.10(f)(3).





n194  See supra Part II.B.1 (citing sources regarding the farm to school
programs).





n195  See REBECCA DUNNING, CTR. FOR ENVTL. FARMING SYS., N.C., RESEARCH-BASED
SUPPORT AND EXTENSION OUTREACH FOR LOCAL FOOD SYSTEMS 10-15, 40 (2013),
https://cefs.ncsu.edu/wp-content/uploads/research-based-support-for-local-food-s
ystems.pdf?x47549 (noting studies that show food nutritional content decreases
after harvest; also notes a study that showed that student gardens may increase
willingness to taste vegetables and fruits).





n196  See What Is Farm to School?, supra note 172 ("Schools with farm to school
programs report twice the national average in vegetable consumption."); NAT'L
FARM TO SCH.NETWORK, THE BENEFITS OF FARM TO SCHOOL 2,
http://www.farmtoschool.org/Resources/BenefitsFactSheet.pdf (reporting farm to
school programs were related to an "[i]ncrease in community awareness and
interest about purchasing local foods and foods served in school cafeterias" and
an "[i]ncrease in ability and interest in incorporating healthier foods in
family diets") (last visited Nov. 23, 2016).





n197  Telephone Interview with Faye Conte, supra note 12 (on file with author)
(Ms. Conte discussed how Hunger Free Vermont advocates for universal free meals
for schoolchildren partly because of the stigma attached to receiving free and
reduced-priced meals).





n198  See supra Part I.B.1 (discussing dignity as foundational to the right to
food).





n199  See supra notes 163-65 (discussing the Community Eligibility Provision).





n200  Telephone Interview with Faye Conte, supra note 12.





n201  Id. See also Patti Daniels, Kids Eat Free: School Lunch Program Combats
Hunger, Stigma, VT. PUBLIC RADIO 4:25 (Oct. 14, 2015),
http://digital.vpr.net/post/kids-eat-free-school-lunch-program
-combats-hunger-stigma#stream/0 (reporting that the Community Eligibility
Provision eliminates stigma in receiving free lunch for schools participating in
the program).





n202  Id. See also FRAC Facts: Community Eligibility Provision, FOOD RES. &
ACTION CTR. 1-2,
http://frac.org/pdf/community_eligibility_amazing_new_option_schools.pdf (last
visited Nov. 23, 2016) (listing the benefits of the community eligibility
program).





n203  As mentioned, the school food programs necessarily only reach a segment of
the vulnerable population (school-age children enrolled in school) for just a
portion of their food needs (breakfast and lunch on school days during the
school year). Assessing the food programs within those parameters, however, the
programs perform well.





n204  Critics will point out that unless children consistently access adequate
food, they do not fulfill the right to food. This is true. If children do not
access adequate food at home, on weekends, and in the summer, then they do not
fulfill their right to food. However, the school lunch programs, in themselves,
are congruent with the right to food.





n205  See supra notes 46-51 and accompanying text (explaining the duty checklist
of the right to food).





n206  See supra notes 52-55, 61-69 and accompanying text (discussing the
quantity and quality requirements from the adequate food access checklist).





n207  See supra notes 26-39, 52-53, 72-76, 163-66, 197-203 and accompanying text
(discussing the right to food's dignity requirement and the Community
Eligibility Provision).





n208  Burlington, Vt., Burlington Comprehensive Development Ordinance art. 3,
sec. 3.1.2(c) (Mar. 31, 2016) [hereinafter Burlington Zoning Ordinance];
Burlington, Vt., Burlington Comprehensive Development Ordinance, Urban
Agriculture Standards ZA-14-08 (Jan. 25, 2015) [hereinafter Burlington Urban
Agriculture Standards]; Recently Adopted Amendments, CITY OF BURLINGTON, VT.,
https://www.burlingtonvt.gov/PZ/CDO/Recently-Adopted-Amendments (last visited
Nov. 23, 2016); Sandy Levine, Local Livestock in Burlington, Vermont,
CONSERVATION LAW FOUND. (Oct. 14, 2015),
http://www.clf.org/blog/vermont/local-livestock-in-burlington-vermont/. For more
information on Burlington's zoning changes, see Andy Bromage, Burlington Couple
Busted for Gardening Structures in Yard, SEVEN DAYS (May 11, 2012),
http://www.sevendaysvt.com/vermont/burlington-couple-busted-for-gardening-struct
ures-in-front-yard/Content?oid=2177050 (reporting that the City of Burlington
said residents' hoop houses violated Burlington's zoning ordinance). See also
Urban Agriculture Task Force, BURLINGTON FOOD COUNCIL,
http://burlingtonfoodcouncil.org/our-projects/uatf (last visited Nov. 14, 2016)
("The Urban Agriculture Task Force was created in March, 2011, by Burlington
City Council to study issues of urban agriculture and provide policy
recommendations for issues around keeping livestock, composting, urban
gardening, and more."); Kathryn Flagg, Burlington to Update Its Ag and Livestock
Rules, SEVEN DAYS (June 25, 2014),
http://www.sevendaysvt.com/vermont/burlington-to-update-its-ag-and-livestock-rul
es/Content?oid=2389170.





n209  Burlington Urban Agriculture Standards, supra note 208.





n210  Id.





n211  Id.





n212  Id.





n213  Id.





n214  Burlington Zoning Ordinance, supra note 208, art. 4, sec. 4.3.1.





n215  Id. "Agricultural Use" is "defined by the secretary of agriculture, food
and markets or the commissioner of forests, parks and recreation . . . ."
Burlington Zoning Ordinance, supra note 208, art. 3, sec. 3.1.2(a). "Urban
agriculture" refers to "all agricultural activities not included in
'agriculture' as defined in this ordinance." Burlington Zoning Ordinance, supra
note 208, art. 13, sec. 13.1.1.





n216  Burlington, Vt., Burlington Comprehensive Development Ordinance app. A
(Mar. 31, 2016).





n217  Burlington Zoning Ordinance, supra note 208.





n218  Id.





n219  See supra notes 40-49 (describing governmental duties under the right to
food).





n220  Burlington, Vt., Burlington Comprehensive Development Ordinance, Community
Gardens Impact Fee Incentive and Off-Site Improvements Impact Fee Inclusion ZA #
15-07 (Jul. 17, 2015). See also supra notes 40-49 (describing governmental
duties under the right to food).





n221  Burlington Zoning Ordinance, supra note 208, art. 3, sec. 3.1.2(c). See
also Bromage, supra note 208 (describing how the previous Ordinance obstructed
gardening and livestock management sufficient to feed a household).





n222  Burlington Zoning Ordinance, supra note 208, art. 3, sec. 3.1.2(c).





n223  See supra note 195 and accompanying text (discussing how local, fresh food
tends to be tastier and more nutritious).





n224  See supra Parts I.B.2 and I.B.3 (discussing the duty and adequate food
access checklists).





n225  See supra notes 52-53, 70-71 and accompanying text (describing culturally
appropriate within the adequate food access checklist).





n226  Burlington Zoning Ordinance, supra note 208, art. 1, §§ 1.1.2(a), (h),
(i).





n227  Alternatively, we could find a food security goal implicitly in "public
health and welfare," "economic growth," and "model city." But where food
security has so long taken a backseat to other public goals, assuming food
security as an implicit priority does not make sense.





n228  Interview with John Sayles, supra note 13; Telephone Interview with Faye
Conte, supra note 12; Alana Semuels, When Raising the Minimum Wage Isn't Enough,
ATLANTIC (Nov. 25, 2014),
http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2014/11/when-raising-the-minimum-wag
e-isnt-enough/383116.





n229  29 U.S.C. § 206 (2006).





n230  VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 21, § 384 (2015).





n231  Id. The Vermont legislature is considering a bill that would raise the
minimum wage to $ 15 per hour. H.B. 260, Gen. Assemb., Reg. Sess. (Vt.
2015-2016).





n232  Memorandum from Kavet, Rockler & Assocs., LLC, to Steve Klein, Legislative
Joint Fiscal Office 3 (Mar. 13, 2014)
http://www.leg.state.vt.us/jfo/reports/Memo%20Minimum%20Wage%20031314.pdf.





n233  VT. LEGISLATIVE JOINT FISCAL OFFICE, BASIC NEEDS BUDGETS AND THE LIVABLE
WAGE 1 (2015),
http://www.leg.state.vt.us/jfo/reports/2015%20Basic%20Needs%20Budget%20report%20
01-15-2015.pdf.





n234  Id. at 5.





n235  29 U.S.C. § 206 (2006); VT. STAT. ANN. tit. 21, § 384.





n236  See supra notes 8, 12-15, 30-31 and accompanying text (addressing hunger
as a systemic, human-made problem).





n237  See supra notes 8, 12-15, 26-39 and accompanying text (suggesting ways to
look at hunger). I recall Smita Narula saying at the 2015 UVM Food Systems
Summit that food insecurity is not something that happens to people, but
something that is done to them.





n238  Interview with John Sayles, supra note 13; Telephone Interview with Faye
Conte, supra note 12; Semuels, supra note 228.





n239  KNUTH & VIDAR, supra note 8, at 16.





n240  See supra notes 40-49 and accompanying text (discussing the duties the
right to food imposes on government).





n241  See supra notes 40-49 and accompanying text (commenting on governmental
obligations arising from the right to food).





n242  See VT. LEGISLATIVE JOINT FISCAL OFFICE, supra note 233, at 1 (stating $
13.00 per hour as the minimum amount a single, full-time worker with a roommate
requires to meet basic needs in Vermont; a single parent living in a rural area
with one child needs $ 24.57 per hour).





n243  KEN JACOBS ET AL., U.C. BERKLEY LABOR CTR., THE HIGH PUBLIC COST OF LOW
WAGES 7-8 (2015),
http://laborcenter.berkeley.edu/pdf/2015/the-high-public-cost-of-low-wages.pdf.





n244  Interview with John Sayles, supra note 13.





n245  See supra notes 26-39, 52-76 and accompanying text (outlining the right to
food, including economic accessibility).





n246  See supra notes 26-39, 52-76 and accompanying text (detailing the right to
food).





n247  See supra notes 26-39, 52-76 and accompanying text (outlining the right to
food).





n248  See supra notes 40-49, 52 and accompanying text (summarizing duties that
the right to food imposes on governments).





n249  See supra notes 26-39, 52-76 and accompanying text (outlining the right to
food).





n250  KNUTH & VIDAR, supra note 8, at 16; McDermott, supra note 8.





n251  See KNUTH & VIDAR, supra note 8, at 18 ("Directive principles . . . .
often represent the values to which a society aspires . . . . Very often these
constitutional provisions guide governmental action, particularly in the
socioeconomic field, but are not considered to provide for individual or
justiciable rights.").





n252  The National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) affirms this principle.
National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, Pub. L. No. 91-190, 83 Stat. 852
(1970).





n253  The U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization recommends implementing the
right to food through a framework law, which sets a directive that coordinating
branches fulfill, along with targets, benchmarks, and consequences for
governmental failures. de Schutter, The Right to Food, supra note 7; KNUTH &
VIDAR, supra note 8, at 30-32 ("Framework legislation lays down general
principles and obligations, and leaves it to implementing legislation and the
competent authorities to determine specific measures to be taken so as to
realize such obligations . . . .").





n254  See supra notes 35-39 and accompanying text (discussing how the right to
food is the right to feed oneself, not the right to be fed).





n255  See supra notes 35-39 and accompanying text (discussing governmental
obligations in upholding the right to feed oneself).


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


               Rockwall County Herald-Banner (Greenville, Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           August 17, 2016 Wednesday

Shop Late Til 8 program going strong

BYLINE: Joseph Alderman, Rockwall County Herald-Banner, Greenville, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 746 words


Aug. 17--With restaurants, retail and service options, the downtown area of
Rockwall has become a destination for shoppers both locally and out of town.
Shop owners in the area hope to attract even more people to the district by
extending store hours and providing refreshments or specials.

Once per month, several of the Rockwall Old Town Shoppes stay open for Shop Late
Till 8. The promotion, which is in its third year, happens on the second
Thursday of every month. Christi Foster, owner of Groovy's in downtown Rockwall,
said that the event continues to be a success for her store.

"I think that a lot of the shops look forward to it," Foster said. "We have
customers that plan around that night, they'll shop and then they'll eat or vice
versa. I like to think they receive some kind of benefit from it."

The promotion not only extends the hours of many downtown shops, but those that
participate also often offer refreshments, discounts or entertainment to further
entice shoppers to come to the downtown district.

"We're in a very social community, so giving them a place to socialize and
gather is huge," Foster said. "You can tell from the attendance for the music
and when we have in-store events, there's always a great turnout."

Tammy Sharp, owner of T&T Color Supply, said that she believes the increased
diversity of shops and restaurants downtown has helped bring more people to take
advantage of the Shop Late Till 8 program, and the downtown district in general.
Foster agreed with Sharp's assessment and believes that programs like the San
Jacinto Plaza Music Series and the farmers market have helped increase foot
traffic downtown.

"I think with the help of the live music it has given our community a place to
gather, which is what the original intention of the downtown square was," Foster
said. "I think our square has gone back to that, kind of a place for dining,
gathering, shopping and listening to music."

The Shop Late Till 8 program started prior to the city's downtown capital
improvement project, which saw the downtown area under varying levels of
construction for almost three years. Despite difficulties visitors may have
experienced in that time with parking and walking around downtown, Sharp said
that she was surprised with the amount of customers who still patronized the
downtown shops.

"We appreciate everybody supporting us through the time of construction, we're
so appreciative of that," Sharp said. "I don't think people realize the
partnership with the city and the assistance they gave us."

"We even saw businesses that opened up during construction, which was unheard
of," Foster said. "They weren't fearful, they were excited about it."

According to sales tax revenue data provided to Sharp by the city manager of
Rockwall, sales tax revenue for the downtown district actually increased through
the period of construction, and continues to rise.

"It really is unheard of," Sharp said. "It was crazy that it never dropped. If
people wouldn't have come, that would not have been the case. We're just very
appreciative of all the continued support. Even when they had to walk on wooden
planks or park a block away, they did it."

"Our sales and traffic have not wavered any," Foster said. "I have noticed that
we've had some guests from surrounding areas that have visited the downtown,
especially on Saturdays because of the farmers market, so we continue to see new
people in the store on a regular basis."

Shop Late Till 8 was started with the premise of continuing throughout the
construction period so that, when construction was over, people would already be
familiar with the program and the businesses downtown. Foster said that the
adjustments made to make downtown more pedestrian friendly have also had an
impact on the visitors to downtown.

"I feel like our square has become a multi-generational destination," Foster
said. "On Sunday morning, you'll see grandparents with their grandchildren in
the farmers market, or husbands and wives. On the weekends, we see husbands and
wives come in and they will shop and go next door and get a cocktail or sit
outside in pedestrian areas."

The next Shop Late Till 8 will occur Sept. 9, and continue on the second
Thursday of every month.

Joseph Alderman may be reached at jalderman@heraldbanner.com

___ (c)2016 the Rockwall County Herald-Banner (Greenville, Texas) Visit the
Rockwall County Herald-Banner (Greenville, Texas) at rockwallheraldbanner.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160817-RT-Shop-Late-Til-8-program-going-strong-0817-20160817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RT


                  Copyright 2016 Rockwall County Herald-Banner


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Glendale News-Press (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 9, 2011 Wednesday

Farmers market director gets a big raise

BYLINE: Brittany Levine, Glendale News-Press, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 379 words


Nov. 09--As the Montrose Shopping Park Assn. lurches through a revamp among its
leadership and possible changes at its popular farmers market, board members
have unanimously agreed to give their executive director a 50% raise.

The vote earlier this month increases the annual salary for Dale Dawson, who
served on the board for many years before the group hired him as executive
director a few years ago, from $12,000 to $18,000.

Dawson said he deserved the raise, as his responsibilities have increased due to
more park activities and the board separating itself from former City Councilman
John Drayman, a one-time board member who often helped out when the association
needed his aid.

He often helped run the Sunday Montrose Harvest Market. Glendale police are
investigating embezzlement allegations brought by the board against Drayman, but
have declined to comment on the investigation.

"It's been absolutely overwhelming," Dawson said of his workload.

Drayman said his volunteer work for the business improvement district board was
limited to the farmers market and said he was surprised that Dawson pointed to
his absence as a reason for the raise.

"I'm a little stunned," Drayman said.

In addition to upping Dawson's pay, the board recently hired a second
independent contractor, Linda McMenamin, as a promotional coordinator in charge
of event planning and logistics. She is paid $12,000 a year.

It is common for business groups, like the Chamber of Commerce, to hire and pay
executive directors. The Montrose Shopping Park Assn. gets about $130,000 a year
from fees assessed on local merchants and collected by the city of Glendale. The
money is supposed to be used for promotional purposes.

Much of the group's budget this year is slated for winter holiday promotions,
which Dawson estimated to cost about $90,000.

The shopping park association is in the middle of a board election process in
which two longtime incumbents have said they will not seek reelection, ensuring
what some merchants say will be some needed new faces.

The association is also dealing with a split membership on a planned Starbucks.

___ (c)2011 the Glendale News-Press (Glendale, Calif.) Visit the Glendale
News-Press (Glendale, Calif.) at www.glendalenewspress.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111109-1GL-Farmers-market-director-gets-a-big-raise-1109-20111109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1GL


                       Copyright 2011 Glendale News-Press


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                            October 12, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 114 words


A FARMERS' market attended by around 500 people has raised hundreds of pounds
for charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies in Great Harwood organised the market, now in its third
year, to raise money for East Lancashire Hospice.

The market was an opportunity for nearly 30 small businesses in the area to have
a stall and promote their products to people who live or work in and around the
town.

Organiser Nick Gaskell said the event raised 500 for the hospice.

He added: Helping the Hospice is something we have done for some time and
running a farmers' market also helps the whole community.

SHOPPERS'DELIGHT Crowds flocked to the farmers' market to pick up some fresh
produce and support the hospice

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             June 28, 2007 Thursday

A town worth visiting

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 778 words


I read with interest your article about Pacific Grove and the quandary about
promotion. I have worked in the town for over 21 years. It has never been my
hometown but is certainly my favorite. There is a problem at the moment. Store
fronts are empty. Businesses complain that sales are down. Shops and restaurants
close as soon as they open.

I can fault neither the city government nor the chamber (Moe Ammar and his staff
work tirelessly to promote P.G.). I feel that not paying $80,000 to the Visitors
and Convention Bureau is a severe error in judgment. Perhaps it is the
advertising and promotional blood that runs in my veins, but a site unheralded
goes unseen. One year of participation might make a huge difference. We who
manage shops know that there is a dearth of tourists, and we wonder why, when
visitors once contributed greatly to our sales.

Calling P.G. a green town is admirable, but this will not build up businesses.
Most people simply don't care, and are shopping for a bargain or an exceptional
piece of art. Don't wish for a tourist town. Wish for a town tourists enjoy
visiting, a place that reminds them of a place long forgotten.

Jane Roland

Monterey

Farmers market overload

With well-established farmers markets at Monterey Peninsula College and downtown
Monterey, it is unlikely that a third would be successful. Why would a shopper
come to Pacific Grove for vegetables and flowers when the same are available at
two locations in Monterey, and with Trader Joe's new market on the horizon. It
might work for a short time as a novelty but would soon collapse.

Another concern is the adverse affect on our beloved Grove Market. We certainly
do not want Grove Market to suffer in exchange for a promised few dollars to
other businesses. Safeway and Albertson's also deserve some consideration since
they have served P.G. well these many years

There is also the inconvenience to our local citizens who have over the years
developed shopping patterns and are unlikely to bother going to a farmers market
and then drive to another market for additional groceries. Why bother parking
twice when you can do it all at Grove Market, Safeway or Albertson's?

A farmers market in P.G. appears to be a desperate measure to show some effort
on the part of the initiating parties to improve business activity. Let's try
something else.

Michael Zambory

Pacific Grove

Change is good

I would have been honored to be the subject of a Bill Bates cartoon even
slightly alluding to my situation in Pacific Grove. I have loved Bates' humor
and his artwork for many years.

As most of us "old-timers" in P.G. know, just a few years ago, a family had a
great problem with getting a permit for two pet chickens. I'm very glad the new
City Council, and changing climate, are now conducive to solar panels, and
chickens, and clotheslines!

Now, if the really horrid overpopulation of deer or the raccoon overabundance
could be addressed, I would be a happy camper for the next 57 years.

Inge Lorentzen Daumer

Pacific Grove

A deaf ear

Our founding fathers should have consulted with Mr. Cheney before assigning the
office of the vice presidency to the executive branch as outlined in the U.S.
Constitution. Of course, that assumes he would have allowed them to talk with
him.

Arlen Grossman

Del Rey Oaks

Tax quandary

Just a thought: The U.S. Constitution allows for only two types of taxes: direct
(capitations) and indirect (duties, imposts, excises). Individuals cannot be
taxed directly by the federal government, but only by apportionment by
population among the several states. The federal government sends a
population-apportioned bill to the states, and the bill is paid by the states.
How the states come up with the money is up to them.

The 16th Amendment, according to several rulings by the Supreme Court, did not
change anything in regard to the basic taxing power of the federal government.
The federal tax on individual income is not apportioned, so it is an indirect
tax. An indirect tax cannot be placed on any old income but only that which
falls under federal purview. Your income and mine, to the extent it does not
fall under federal purview, is therefore exempt.

So, how is it that we pay a tax on all personal net income?

Tom Bottaro

Monterey

No news, no letters

So people aren't writing letters to the editor any more. I wonder why. Maybe the
last two days of front page drivel about some woman who became offended because
some man made a pass at her in a hot tub, or whatever it was, holds a clue.
Given the vacuum of intelligent journalism that has become the new status quo at
The Herald, I'm curious to know what it is that readers are supposed to address.

Yanaar Jane Lee

Big Sur

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             June 3, 2010 Thursday
                                  NF2 Edition

We want it fresh?&?local

BYLINE: By Andrew Steckling asteckling@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 476 words


For many people, summer means farm-fresh produce.

And those fruits and veggies can seem even sweeter when they're grown locally.

Fortunately, a variety of farmers markets have opened for the season -- or will
open soon -- throughout Kane and McHenry counties.

You'll find all of the usual suspects -- cucumbers, tomatoes, cauliflower, beans
-- as well as other handcrafted items such as soaps and jams -- at most area
markets.

Although there is no "hot commodity" item for this year's estimated 300 markets
in the state, Delayne Reeves of the Illinois Department of Agriculture Bureau of
Marketing and Promotions said trends will occur as the season progresses.

"We have a chart on our website -- illinoiswherefreshis.com -- which shows
precisely what people tend to invest and when. We've had our market here (in
Springfield) open for a few weeks now and we've only noticed cool-weather and
leftover crops really selling," she said.

Reeves said the department is also finalizing a market database, where users can
input their current location and a search will yield surrounding markets sorted
by distance.

There is no set date of completion, but Reeves said she expects it to be up and
running soon.

Jason Pawlowski, Downtown Elgin Neighborhood Association promotions coordinator,
said the only new changes made to the Downtown Elgin's Harvest Market this year
have been the extended hours on the first Thursdays of each month.

The market will stay open until 6 p.m., rather than the normal 4 p.m.

"We want to keep the market open later so that we can highlight the uniqueness
and showcase our local farmers work even more," Pawlowski said.

"Having the market stay open the extra two hours will allow more people to
experience both our city and the products our farmers make."

Elgin opened its downtown market May 27, and Pawlowski said he has already
received an overwhelmingly positive review, which bodes well for the fate of the
market come later into the summer.

Dee Basile, special events office coordinator of the city of Aurora, said the
extra month added on to both markets was in demand by area farmers.

"At the end of the season last year, farmers and vendors said they'd like to see
us go into another month," Basile said.

"There is a movement taking place to buy local. Farmers markets have become more
widespread and people want to buy fresh and local," she said.

"We're kind of getting a new feel and different look for our markets because
we're just planning for our 100th anniversary in 2012," Basile added.

In addition to the extended hours, the Aurora markets will also feature a themed
week throughout its duration. Themes range from sustainability, children's
programs, cooking and health and wellness.

"These themes will not take away from the aspect of the regular market. Instead,
it will be an additional opportunity for patrons to choose from," she said.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             June 3, 2010 Thursday
                                  NF1 Edition

We want it fresh?&?local

BYLINE: By Andrew Steckling asteckling@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 476 words


For many people, summer means farm-fresh produce.

And those fruits and veggies can seem even sweeter when they're grown locally.

Fortunately, a variety of farmers markets have opened for the season -- or will
open soon -- throughout Kane and McHenry counties.

You'll find all of the usual suspects -- cucumbers, tomatoes, cauliflower, beans
-- as well as other handcrafted items such as soaps and jams -- at most area
markets.

Although there is no "hot commodity" item for this year's estimated 300 markets
in the state, Delayne Reeves of the Illinois Department of Agriculture Bureau of
Marketing and Promotions said trends will occur as the season progresses.

"We have a chart on our website -- illinoiswherefreshis.com -- which shows
precisely what people tend to invest and when. We've had our market here (in
Springfield) open for a few weeks now and we've only noticed cool-weather and
leftover crops really selling," she said.

Reeves said the department is also finalizing a market database, where users can
input their current location and a search will yield surrounding markets sorted
by distance.

There is no set date of completion, but Reeves said she expects it to be up and
running soon.

Jason Pawlowski, Downtown Elgin Neighborhood Association promotions coordinator,
said the only new changes made to the Downtown Elgin's Harvest Market this year
have been the extended hours on the first Thursdays of each month.

The market will stay open until 6 p.m., rather than the normal 4 p.m.

"We want to keep the market open later so that we can highlight the uniqueness
and showcase our local farmers work even more," Pawlowski said.

"Having the market stay open the extra two hours will allow more people to
experience both our city and the products our farmers make."

Elgin opened its downtown market May 27, and Pawlowski said he has already
received an overwhelmingly positive review, which bodes well for the fate of the
market come later into the summer.

Dee Basile, special events office coordinator of the city of Aurora, said the
extra month added on to both markets was in demand by area farmers.

"At the end of the season last year, farmers and vendors said they'd like to see
us go into another month," Basile said.

"There is a movement taking place to buy local. Farmers markets have become more
widespread and people want to buy fresh and local," she said.

"We're kind of getting a new feel and different look for our markets because
we're just planning for our 100th anniversary in 2012," Basile added.

In addition to the extended hours, the Aurora markets will also feature a themed
week throughout its duration. Themes range from sustainability, children's
programs, cooking and health and wellness.

"These themes will not take away from the aspect of the regular market. Instead,
it will be an additional opportunity for patrons to choose from," she said.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                             July 18, 2002 Thursday

Half Moon Bay fecund with farmers' market patrons;
Once-a-month bazaar debuts to strong Coastside demand

BYLINE: By Laura Linden,STAFF WRITER

SECTION: FRONT PAGE

LENGTH: 616 words

DATELINE: HALF MOON BAY


A farmers' market has finally taken root in Half Moon Bay, the hub of arguably
the last agricultural region in the Bay Area.

Teeming with people, The Coastside Market debuted Saturday morning, July 6, in
the parking lot of Cetrella Bistro and Cafe on the south end of Main Street.

The 20,000-square-foot market will be held the first Saturday of every month
through October, so the next date is Aug. 3.

Paul Shenkman, founder of the market and owner of Cetrella, said the
agricultural bazaar is distinguished by selling produce -- plus cheeses, herbs,
wine and artists' creations -- that were grown or made only by Coastside
vendors.

Aside from providing a built-in promotion for his restaurant, Shenkman wanted
the market because he was tired of seeing area growers go "over the hill" to
sell at outdoor markets in San Mateo, Belmont and Redwood City.

"I was really surprised -- there were a ton of people there. I will sell there
again," said Jason McKenney, owner of Purisima Greens, an organic vegetable farm
south of town who regularly sells at a farmers' market in San Francisco.

Shenkman said he was inspired by the home-grown markets he encountered traveling
through small towns in southern Europe.

"I've spent a lot of time in Italy, and my wife and I went to France and Spain
last year. All the little towns always had the local markets where people
showcase the local bounty," Shenkman said.

Farmers' markets have evolved into a popular way for people to buy fresh fruits,
vegetables, flowers, breads and other items. Buyers know that by avoiding
brokers, they are getting a good deal and putting more money in the growers'
pockets.

For some, it's also a political statement at a time when consumers in the
environmentally conscious Bay Area are turning away from mass-produced foods
that could be imported from countries with relaxed pesticide laws.

There are more than 60 farmers' markets in the Bay Area, according to the
Pacific Coast Farmers' Market Association.

"We need this to survive. These little markets are very important to some of
us," said John Muller of Daylight Farms, who sold Swiss chard, zucchini and
herbs at the market.

For seven years, a flower market has been held the third Saturday of every month
on Main Street, but for various reasons no full-blown farmers' market had ever
been cultivated.

"I think one of the reasons is the lack of diversity" of produce grown on the
Coastside, said Jack Olsen, head of the San Mateo County Farm Bureau. For
instance, there are no peaches, nectarines, pears or apples grown in the area.

"We also don't have the population base. Traditionally, you need a nearby
population of 50,000," Olsen said.

Olsen said Shenkman's approach of featuring musical acts and chef
demonstrations, and reaching out to the tourism industry, might provide some
staying power.

Perhaps the biggest reason why a farmers' market hasn't been organized until now
is that there are mixed feelings within the business and farming communities.
Olsen and others have noted that a farmers' market will compete against local
stores and the roadside stands that sell produce on the weekends.

Muller rejects that view. He said he made sure to refer market-goers to local
businesses and farms.

Muller said he knew the demand for the market was high when he rode a float
promoting the market in the Fourth of July parade two days earlier. The crowd
cheered loudly.

"The market is long overdue, and the people absolutely love it," he said. "With
muffins and coffee, this is a social event."

The Coastside Market will held again on Aug. 3, in the parking lot of 845 Main
St. For more information, call 726-1249.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                             July 18, 2002 Thursday

Half Moon Bay fecund with farmers' market patrons;
Once-a-month bazaar debuts to strong Coastside demand

BYLINE: By Laura Linden,STAFF WRITER

SECTION: MORE HEADLINE NEWS

LENGTH: 616 words

DATELINE: HALF MOON BAY


A farmers' market has finally taken root in Half Moon Bay, the hub of arguably
the last agricultural region in the Bay Area.

Teeming with people, The Coastside Market debuted Saturday morning, July 6, in
the parking lot of Cetrella Bistro and Cafe on the south end of Main Street.

The 20,000-square-foot market will be held the first Saturday of every month
through October, so the next date is Aug. 3.

Paul Shenkman, founder of the market and owner of Cetrella, said the
agricultural bazaar is distinguished by selling produce -- plus cheeses, herbs,
wine and artists' creations -- that were grown or made only by Coastside
vendors.

Aside from providing a built-in promotion for his restaurant, Shenkman wanted
the market because he was tired of seeing area growers go "over the hill" to
sell at outdoor markets in San Mateo, Belmont and Redwood City.

"I was really surprised -- there were a ton of people there. I will sell there
again," said Jason McKenney, owner of Purisima Greens, an organic vegetable farm
south of town who regularly sells at a farmers' market in San Francisco.

Shenkman said he was inspired by the home-grown markets he encountered traveling
through small towns in southern Europe.

"I've spent a lot of time in Italy, and my wife and I went to France and Spain
last year. All the little towns always had the local markets where people
showcase the local bounty," Shenkman said.

Farmers' markets have evolved into a popular way for people to buy fresh fruits,
vegetables, flowers, breads and other items. Buyers know that by avoiding
brokers, they are getting a good deal and putting more money in the growers'
pockets.

For some, it's also a political statement at a time when consumers in the
environmentally conscious Bay Area are turning away from mass-produced foods
that could be imported from countries with relaxed pesticide laws.

There are more than 60 farmers' markets in the Bay Area, according to the
Pacific Coast Farmers' Market Association.

"We need this to survive. These little markets are very important to some of
us," said John Muller of Daylight Farms, who sold Swiss chard, zucchini and
herbs at the market.

For seven years, a flower market has been held the third Saturday of every month
on Main Street, but for various reasons no full-blown farmers' market had ever
been cultivated.

"I think one of the reasons is the lack of diversity" of produce grown on the
Coastside, said Jack Olsen, head of the San Mateo County Farm Bureau. For
instance, there are no peaches, nectarines, pears or apples grown in the area.

"We also don't have the population base. Traditionally, you need a nearby
population of 50,000," Olsen said.

Olsen said Shenkman's approach of featuring musical acts and chef
demonstrations, and reaching out to the tourism industry, might provide some
staying power.

Perhaps the biggest reason why a farmers' market hasn't been organized until now
is that there are mixed feelings within the business and farming communities.
Olsen and others have noted that a farmers' market will compete against local
stores and the roadside stands that sell produce on the weekends.

Muller rejects that view. He said he made sure to refer market-goers to local
businesses and farms.

Muller said he knew the demand for the market was high when he rode a float
promoting the market in the Fourth of July parade two days earlier. The crowd
cheered loudly.

"The market is long overdue, and the people absolutely love it," he said. "With
muffins and coffee, this is a social event."

The Coastside Market will held again on Aug. 3, in the parking lot of 845 Main
St. For more information, call 726-1249.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           September 1, 2015 Tuesday

Community Calendar: Sign up for women's self defense course

BYLINE: Deming Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 327 words


The Deming MainStreet Farmer's Market is bringing back its 20 percent discount
this time for crafters only. Last time, the market provided 20 percent discount
vouchers for edible food item at its Saturday event in the parking lot at the
corner of Copper and Spruce streets (behind Mimbres Internal Medicine).

"In fact, most shoppers came and got their 20 percent refunds and then spent it
at other vendor's tables," said DMS Coordinator Betteanne Strauss.

"This will be a Santa in September promotion. We are asking crafters to bring in
some small holiday crafts and ornaments to sell and decorate their tables."

The plan is to put shoppers in the mood to start their Christmas shopping early.
"I hope the market site will look festive and in the spirit of the holiday
season," Strauss said.

The Farmer's Market is open from 8 a.m. to noon on Saturdays.

The AARP Smart Driver Class will be presented at 12:45 p.m., on Monday at the
Deming Senior Center, 800 S. Granite St. For more information, or to register,
please call Bernie Hopper at 546-1477.

Albert Ortiz teaches a women's self-defense class called, "Individual Defensive
Instincts." The program is a nonprofit and Ortiz has been teaching for 10 years.
He is a retired federal agent with 27 years' experience. His duties included
teaching at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center located in Brunswick,
Georgia. He has trained police personnel in the use of defensive tactics and
other police weapons like batons, etc. He teaches that being a victim is not an
option.

The program is an eight-hour course and the fee is $50. There is a special rate
for groups. Ortiz is registering local women for the course. If enough women
sign up, a course will be offered in Deming.

The age group can be from 11 to 99. It is a long training session, but very
practical and empowering. Interested parties can contact Ortiz at 575-267-8836
or 520-307-4631. Email is also accepted at: ddwop4@gmail.com

By Headlight Staff

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2015 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Mid Devon Gazette

                             March 6, 2007 Tuesday

Five bells soup for farmers' market

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 95 words


Cullompton Farmers' Market customers will be treated to homemade soup this
Saturday.

The Five Bells Inn, Clyst Hydon, will be handing out hot soup made by its own
chef at the market which is held in Station Road car park.

Market chairman Tracy Frankpitt said the market was keen to provide extra
interest for customers and wanted to help promote local businesses.

She said: "We asked the Five Bells if they were interested in doing a promotion
and they jumped at the chance."

Cullompton Farmers' Market will be held at Station Road car park from 9.30am to
12.30pm on Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Mid Devon Gazette
                              All Rights Reserved


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Plymouth Herald

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

Good Food Market wins Taste of West gold award

BYLINE: LOUISE DANIEL Herald Reporter

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 333  words


ROYAL William Yard's Good Food Market has scooped the Best Farmers' Market in
Devon Gold Award at the Taste of the West Food Awards.

Now in its fifth year, the market, which runs the first Sunday of each month,
has gone from strength to strength - offering up the best in regional food and
drink. Each month more than 50 local producers travel from across the region and
come together at the stunning Royal William Yard to form one of the most
successful food markets in Devon.

The result is a prestigious Gold Award from the Visit Devon Tourism Awards which
opened at the beginning of the year.

More than 70 judges journeyed across the South West, from Gloucester to the
Scilly Isles, to find the best food retailers and hospitality providers.

They scored 15 markets on the promotion of local food, the range of produce on
offer and the standard of customer service.

The Royal William Yard Good Food Market is in the running for the best farmers
market in the South West Award at a celebratory lunch for 300 at Exeter
Cathedral later this year.

Emily Handslip, associate director for Urban Splash, said "I am thrilled that
the market has won yet another fantastic award.

"Ray and the team work tremendously hard every month and they thoroughly deserve
this recognition. We hope the market continues to grow and thrive in this
spectacular setting."

Good Food Market organiser Ray Reynolds said: "We're delighted to have won this
award. This is now the third award the market has won. Now in its fifth year the
market has gone from strength to strength. From the outset we have been
determined to champion the best locally-sourced artisan food and drink and will
continue to do so.

"I would like to thank all our traders for their hard work and the public for
getting behind us and supporting us."

The next food market is on Sunday, June 5 and features special seafood cookery
demonstrations from Mat Norton, head chef of River Cottage Plymouth Canteen.

The demonstrations take place at 11am, 12.30pm and 2pm.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GOOD TASTE: The Royal William Yard Good Food Market

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Brookfield Citizen (Massachusetts)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 1, 2014

Brookfield Agriculture Commission Highlights

BYLINE: The Brookfield Citizen staff

LENGTH: 273  words


The 2014 Farmer's Market continues from 4-6PM on Fridays in Carmelia's parking
lot, our thanks to Carmelia's support of local agriculture and its producers.
The market looks to remain open into September for as long as products,
customers and the weather cooperate.

In the interest to open opportunities for local Ag products, your commission has
been working closely with Central Massachusetts Regional Planning to secure
grant funds to promote local farms, AG products and new markets for those
products. CMRPC initiative looks to bring awareness to restaurants and other
food hubs to bring more opportunities to local producers, beyond weekly farmer's
markets. The idea is to be able to bring local products for extended periods. If
markets materialize this may justify the number of high tunnels or other growing
concepts to extend the growing season.

Your commission is working with Apple County Fair to enable a greater presence
of local producers at the upcoming Fair. Apple County Fair has a long history of
supporting local farms and producers with the idea this year to bring a greater
awareness to the community at large.

Join your commission at the next regularly scheduled Ag meeting September 17 at
6PM in the Banquet Hall of Town Hall. Subjects will include recommendations for
the 2015 Farmer's Market and how local Ag producers and consumers or potential
consumers can come together to promote greater use of local products. All are
welcomed. The October 15 meeting will focus on safe practices of canning and
preserving.

Clarence Snyder, Chairman

Brookfield Agricultural Commission 508-637-1 377 or email crsnyder3@hotmail.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BKF

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 The Brookfield Citizen


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Red Deer Express (Alberta)

                             June 6, 2012 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Downtown Market off to a successful start

BYLINE: Kirsten Palardy, Red Deer Express

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 469 words


May 30th marked the first of this year's Downtown Farmer's Market in its new
location on Little Gaetz Ave.

Vendors at the market had a successful first evening with some selling out and
others admitting to making sales they wouldn't have made from their stores.

Janice Shimek, promotions director for the Downtown Business Association, said
the vendors couldn't have been happier. "They were over the moon ecstatic with
the turnout. They found there was a lot more employees from the downtown
stopping by because it's now on their route to their cars," said Shimek.

The Downtown Farmer's Market boasts a little bit of something for everyone
including fresh chicken, elk beef, Swedish bread, honey, farm eggs, kettle corn,
fresh flowers and even worms and compost for gardens.

Many shops downtown have partnered with the market to keep their doors open late
so people can not only visit the market but the retailers and many of the
restaurants in the area as well.

Candace Dunning, owner of Hot Pot Studio, said many people came into the store
and she felt that the market is a good way to get the word out about the
businesses downtown.

"I think it can only get busier from here as people find the time to come down
and spread the word to their friends," said Dunning.

"I think it can only get busier from here as people find the time to come down
and spread the word to their friends."

CANDACE DUNNING

The market runs every Wednesday from 4 - 7 p.m. until Oct. 3. Parking is
available at three different public lots just off of Little Gaetz as well as
Sorenson Station downtown. Bike racks are also available for cyclists to use.

Shimek said that the reason behind choosing the time frame they did was to catch
the drive-home traffic and the workers who are downtown.

"We wanted to give people an opportunity to pick up the fresh food that they
might not otherwise get during the day."

She said there are also a lot of residents downtown who take the walk to the
market before or after supper just to browse.

"We have a lot of patio chairs and tables downtown on the sidewalks so there's
no reason why families can't grab some food and enjoy the market and the
weather."

Shimek also said that the market is looking to bring in regular entertainment
and buskers for crowds to enjoy.

"The advantage of the market is that people stop and take the time to ask the
producer not only where the product came from but how they might be able to grow
or make comparable items at home."

Dunning also added that the market is a good time for business owners to talk to
customers and get an idea of what they would like to see or what it is they
enjoy.

"As a business owner I am so pleased with the steps we have taken downtown to
increase pride of ownership.

"The market is just one more step in the right direction."

kpalardy@reddeerexpress.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Red Deer Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Cornishman

                                  July 1, 2010

Vicky's bread is a rising star at Royal show

SECTION: Pg. 49

LENGTH: 300  words


The Food and Farming Tent at Royal Cornwall Show is widely thought to be one of
the best local food showcases in the country, with more than 60 Cornish food
companies promoting everything from fish to chocolate, and everything
in-between.

Each year the businesses battle it out and compete to win or be named reserve in
one of five awards - Best New Product, Best Stand, Best Newcomer, Product
Marketing and the Farmer/Producer Award.

This year seven of the ten awards went to producers who are regulars at farmers'
markets in West Cornwall, confirming the standard and quality of food available
in our part of the county.

One of the events big winners was Vicky's Bread, a small independent bakery
based in Helston, specialists in slow rise, artisan French bread, who took home
the Best Newcomer Award and were runners-up in the Best Stand category.

"The food and farming tent at Royal Cornwall Show is amazing - the warmth and
energy you get from the organisers and other stallholders is fantastic and
encourages real creativity," explained Vicky Harford, who runs the company with
her husband Hairy, alias David.

"Over three days we sold a tonne of bread - about 2,400 loaves! People in
Cornwall want to support their local food producers and in turn help to make
businesses like ours successful."

Vicky's Bread is stocked in shops from St Just and Penzance to Padstow and Rock,
as well on sale every month at Helston Farmers' Market. "The Helston market is a
must for us - it's our home town and Cornwall's most popular farmers' market.
This month the whole farmers' market is moving to Helston School for the South
Kerrier Official Festival of Food (SKOFF) to take part in a celebration
combining food and education," Vicky added.

For more information on Vicky's Bread visit http://www.vickysbread.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 60


                         Copyright 2010 The Cornishman
                              All Rights Reserved


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                  April 29, 1995 Saturday METRO FINAL EDITION

FARMERS' MARKETS SET TO OPEN

BYLINE: BYLINE: Lee Egerstrom, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS TWIN CITIES; AGRIBUSINESS; Pg. 1F

LENGTH: 398 words


As sure signs of spring, the St. Paul Farmers' Market is set to open today and
the Minnesota Agriculture Department has started distribution of its 1995
"Minnesota Grown" directory to help residents and tourists find locally grown
produce and other foods.

The annual directory, called Minnesota Grown Fresh Produce & More, sprouts a new
look this year after securing sponsorship from Land O'Lakes, the Arden
Hills-based dairy cooperative.

Land O'Lakes touts use of its low-fat sour cream, light butter and light sour
cream products in recipes calling for use with local produce.

"We went to Land O'Lakes and said we had a vehicle that would mesh well with
them," said Kevin Edberg, assistant director of the Agriculture Department's
marketing division. "They agreed and thought the directory would make a good fit
with their light dairy lines."

The commercial sponsorship has allowed the Agriculture Department to increase
circulation of the directory this year, Edberg said. About 125,000 copies are
available this year; the department has published 90,000 copies in past years.

The Minnesota Grown promotion for area farmers costs $18,000, Edberg said. Land
O'Lakes is paying for about half the cost while growers and their groups pick up
the remaining expenses.

"We believe it generates about $1,250,000 in new ag sales for Minnesota
farmers," he said.

Copies will be available at public libraries, state and local tourism centers,
chamber of commerce offices, state parks and Extension Service offices; by
calling the Minnesota Office of Tourism at 397-5673 in the metropolitan area or
(800) 657-3700, or by writing to Minnesota Grown Directory, 90 W. Plato Blvd.,
St. Paul 55107.

The directory gives farms, farmers' markets and roadside stand sites for
Minnesota fruits, vegetables, horticultural products, bakery products, cheeses,
goat's milk, ducks, llamas, emus and rheas, beef, pork, bison, venison, wild
rice, fish, turkeys, chickens and eggs, as well as honey, spring water and maple
syrup.

Today's launch of the St. Paul Farmers' Market, 290 E. Fifth St., will offer
fresh bakery goods and bedding plants for home gardeners, said Patty Brand, the
market's manager.

Other area farmers' market sites will begin opening next week, Brand said. The
Aldrich Arena market will open Wednesday, and the St. Luke's Farmers' Market
will open Friday.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Directory

                     Copyright 1995 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2015 The Seattle University Law Review
                         Seattle University Law Review

                                  Summer, 2015

                         Seattle University Law Review

                           38 Seattle U. L. Rev. 1271

LENGTH: 2021 words

SEATTLE UNIVERSITY LAW REVIEW SYMPOSIUM: RE-TOOLING FOOD LAW: HOW TRADITIONAL
LEGAL MODELS CAN BE RE-TOOLED FOR FOOD SYSTEM REFORM: ARTICLE & ESSAY: The 2014
Farm Bill: Farm Subsidies and Food Oppression

NAME: Andrea Freeman *

BIO:


* Assistant Professor of Law, University of Hawai i William S. Richardson School
of Law. I am very grateful to the participants and organizers of Harvard Law
School's Just Food? Forum on Justice in the Food System, especially Emily Broad
Leib, and the Seattle University Law Review symposium, Re-Tooling Food Law. Many
thanks to Justin Marceau for his helpful comments on an earlier draft, and to
Angela P. Harris, Joy Milligan, and Nathan Rosenberg for their important work on
racial discrimination against farmers. I am also indebted to Fem Ann Grether for
her excellent, thoughtful, patient, and persistent research assistance.

 TEXT:
 [*1294]  From a health perspective, the most important change introduced by the
Bill is the reduction of funding for food stamps provided by the Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP).  n132 The 2014 Farm Bill cut over $ 8
billion from SNAP.  n133 These cuts affected approximately 1.7 million people
across fifteen states, with participants losing an average of $ 90 per month in
benefits.  n134 This loss is particularly significant because food stamps
already do not, by design, cover monthly food expenses.  n135 By forcing
families and individuals to stretch benefits even further than before, these
cuts compel the poor to spend a higher percentage of their food budget on
subsidized processed and junk foods, increasing their risk of suffering from
related health conditions.  n136 The reduction in benefits may also drive
low-income families into cycles of debt that will entrench them further in
poverty and increase their vulnerability to health disparities associated with
socioeconomic class.  n137 More specifically, health experts anticipate that
these cuts will lead to disease-related complications for diabetics, and a
retardation of child and adolescent development.  n138 They also foresee an
increase in food insecurity that will tax the capacity of soup kitchens and
other service providers to the poor.  n139

   On the brighter side, the 2014 Farm Bill does contain some new provisions
intended to increase access to healthy foods, both in federal nutrition programs
and more generally. Several of these new provisions directly affect SNAP
recipients. For example, one new provision allows farmers markets, community
supported agriculture programs, and online retailers to accept food stamp.  n140
Another provides funding for the Healthy Incentives Program Pilot, which
motivates SNAP participants to purchase fruits and vegetables by matching
dollars spent on them, resulting  [*1295]  in an increase in benefits for
individuals who select these healthier foods.  n141 The Food Insecurity
Nutrition Incentive also puts aside grant money for other fruit and vegetable
incentive programs.  n142 Additionally, the Bill implements a minor increase in
requirements for SNAP retailers--including small corner stores--to increase
their offerings of healthy foods to SNAP participants.  n143 The Bill expands
the SNAP Education program to allow participants to use funds for physical
activity.  n144 Finally, perhaps to counter in part the effects of the cuts to
SNAP, the Bill increases funding for The Emergency Food Assistance Program
(TEFAP).  n145

   In schools, the Bill funds a pilot program that introduces beans and lentils
into school lunches.  n146 It also increases access to tribal, kosher, and halal
meals for school children and TEFAP recipients.  n147 For farmers, the Bill
marginally increases funding for a block grant program for specialty
crops--which include fruits and vegetables--and for research and support for
specialty crop farmers. These provisions fall short of subsidizing fruits and
vegetables, but represent a slightly increased level of support for farmers who
grow them.  n148 The Bill also offers some small benefits to organic farmers.
n149 Additionally, it launches a new micro-lending program for farmers and
ranchers, including ones who qualify as  [*1296]  socially disadvantaged.  n150
This program may signal an attempt to reverse the long history of racial
discrimination against minority farmers. To benefit communities, the Bill
expands funding for the Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion Program;
Community Food Projects, including urban agriculture and access to healthy food
in underserved communities; and the Healthy Food Financing Initiative, which
provides grants and loans to healthy food retail outlets.  n151

   Despite all of these encouraging aspects of the 2014 Farm Bill, however, the
Bill makes no fundamental changes to the basic structure and priorities of
agricultural subsidies. The Bill also harms thousands of families in need
through its cuts to the SNAP program. Therefore, it has an overall detrimental
effect on health that exacerbates existing health disparities and fails to
reverse or mitigate the oppression that arises from farm subsidies.

   V. CONCLUSION: LOOKING AHEAD

   There is no easy or obvious solution to the problem of health disparities
that arise in part from farm subsidies, largely because of the complexity of the
issues involved. Poverty, for example, is one of the most important factors
contributing to health disparities. Poverty is also foundational to the
capitalist system upon which American society is based. Therefore, absent the
dismantling of this system and its replacement with another societal model,
health disparities will likely persist. Similarly, racism is entrenched in both
the history and present structure of the United States so deeply that it may be
impossible to eliminate it from common understandings of how American society
does and should operate.

   Nonetheless, it is possible that incremental steps toward a food policy
framework designed to improve health outcomes and reduce health disparities
could bring about some positive change. For example, the administrative
structure of the USDA is partially responsible for the agency's lack of
commitment to health-related objectives. Problematically, the USDA is a federal
agency tasked with conflicting mandates.  n152 One of its primary tasks is to
protect the agricultural sector, which it does by providing support for
subsidized commodities and their secondary  [*1297]  markets. At the same time,
it is responsible for promoting health and nutrition through the federal Dietary
Guidelines. Unfortunately, under the present farm subsidy system, these two
mandates appear to be irreconcilable. Therefore, the simple act of removing
these conflicting tasks from the agency's purview could result in clearer policy
decisions. Until now, agricultural subsidies have clearly triumphed over health
in the USDA's priorities. If, however, another agency became entirely
responsible for health, perhaps the resulting interagency battles would result
in more victories for health-motivated food policy choices.

   Of all the potential pathways to eliminating food oppression arising from
farm subsidies, the most likely to succeed is a reduction of corporate influence
on food policy. Corporate influence over government decision-making, however,
appears to be gaining, not losing, strength, as evidenced by the Supreme Court
decision in Citizens United and its progeny.  n153

   Eliminating subsidies altogether would have an interesting, if unpredictable,
effect on this problem. It is unclear how the market would drive food
preferences in the absence of subsidies. At the very least, however, future Farm
Bills should remove the secrecy shrouding subsidy recipients to make
accountability more likely. Fruit and vegetable growers should receive subsidies
designed to increase production to the point where American farmers can provide
them at the levels recommended by the federal Dietary Guidelines. These
guidelines should also be free from corporate influence. Food stamp benefits
should reflect need, not satisfy demands for spending cuts, and should therefore
increase, not decrease, until structural reforms designed to reduce poverty and
racism are in place. Lastly, at the very least, the government should provide
public school students with nutritious meals designed to help counter challenges
to healthy eating they might encounter beyond the school day.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Public Health & Welfare LawFood & NutritionFood Stamp ProgramBenefit
Overissuances, Reductions & Terminations

FOOTNOTES:





n1  Nancy Watzman, Farm Bill Allows Congress to Keep Crop Subsidies Secret,
Sunlight FOUND. (Feb. 7, 2014),
http://sunlightfoundation.com/blog/2014/02/07/farm-bill-allows-congress-to-keep-
crop-subsidies-secret/.





n2  See 1 U.S.C. § 1502(c)(4)(B) (2014); 7 U.S.C. § 1502(c)( 1 )(2014).





n3  These include U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher, who collected nearly $ 3.5 million
in subsidies 1999-2012, and Iowa Senator Joni Ernst. Ron Nixon, Farm Subsidy
Recipient Backs Food Stamp Cuts, N.Y. TIMES (May 22, 2013),
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/23/us/politics/farm-subsidy-recipient-backs-food-
stamp-cuts.html?_i=0;, Luke Brinker, Joni Ernst's Family Received Nearly Haifa
Million Dollars in Federal Farm Subsidies, SALON (Jan. 22, 2015),
http://www.salon.com/2015/01/22/joni_emsts
family_received_nearly_half_a_milIion_dollars_in_federal_farm_subsidies/.





n4  The list of billionaires includes Paul Allen, cofounder of Microsoft;
Charles Ergen, cofounder of DISH Network; Philip Anschutz, owner of Anschutz
Entertainment Group and cofounder of Major League Soccer; Leonard Lauder, son of
Estee Lauder and former CEO of the Estee Lauder Companies Inc.; Jim Kennedy,
Chairman of Cox Enterprises; S. Truett Cathy, founder of Chick-fil-A; Leslie
Wexner, CEO of L Brands Inc., which owns Victoria's Secret; Charles Schwab,
founder of brokerage firm Charles Schwab Corporation; Stewart and Lynda Resnick,
owners of POM Wonderful, Fiji Water, and Teleflora; David Rockefeller, Sr.,
former chair and chief executive of Chase Manhattan Bank; and Penny Pritzker,
U.S. Secretary of Commerce. Alex Rindler, Forbes Fat Cats Collect Tax-payer
Funded Farm Subsidies, ENVTL. WORKING GRP. (Nov. 7, 2013),
http://www.ewg.org/research/forbes-fat-cats-collect-taxpayer-funded-farm-subsidi
es.





n5  See, e.g., Debbie Stabenow, Farm Bill Ends Direct Payment Subsidies, U.S.
SENATE COMM. ON AGRIC., Nutrition & Forestry (Jan. 28, 2014),
http://www.ag.senate.gov/newsroom/press/release/farm-bill-ends-direct-payment-su
bsidies. On the other hand, critics point to equal, if not worse, potential for
corruption in the crop insurance programs. See, e.g., David J. Lynch, Fraud
Stealing $ 100 Million Shows Flaws in U.S. Crop Insurance, BLOOMBERG BUSINESS
(Sept. 10, 2013),
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-09-11/fraud-stealing-100-million-sho
ws-flaws-in-u-s-crop-insurance.





n6  See 1 U.S.C. § 9016 (2014); 7 U.S.C. § 9017 (2014).





n7  See Andrea Freeman, Transparency for Food Consumers: Nutrition Labeling and
Food Oppression, 41 AM. J.L & MED. (forthcoming 2015).





n8  U.S. Farm Bill: Frequently Asked Questions, SNAP TO HEALTH,
http://www.snaptohealth.org/farm-bill-usda/u-s-farm-bill-faq/ (last visited Mar.
24, 2015).





n9  AMY RADICAN-WALD, CTR. FOR MISS. PUB. HEALTH, FROM FIELD TO FITNESS:
ALIGNING FARM POLICY WITH HEALTH POLICY TO IMPROVE NUTRITION AND HEALTH 5
(2014), available at
http://www.researchgate.net/publication/265125183_From_Field_to_Fitness_Aligning
_Farm_Policy_with_Health_Policy_to_Improve_Nutrition_____Health ("Com was the
most highly subsidized commodity at 44.6 percent, followed by wheat at 24
percent, soybeans at 14 percent, rice at 9.0 percent, grain sorghum at 4.2
percent, and all other food crops (including fruits and vegetables) at 3.9
percent.").





n10  See Chuck Gill, Producers Weighing Dairy Policy Shift in New Farm Bill,
PENN ST. NEWS (Mar. 12, 2014),
http://news.psu.edu/story/307552/2014/03/12/producers-weighing-dairy-policy-shif
t-new-farm-bill ("Another provision in the farm bill established the new,
margin-based Dairy Product Donation Program. Under this program, USDA will
create demand by purchasing dairy products to donate to food banks or similar
nonprofit organizations only if margins fall below $ 4 for two consecutive
months. The purchases will occur for three consecutive months or until margins
rebound above $ 4").





n11  Dietary Guidelines for Americans, 2015, U.S. DEP'T HEALTH & HUMAN SERVS.,
http://www.health.gov/dietaryguidelines/2015.asp (last visited May 4, 2015)
("[T]he Dietary Guidelines for Americans is reviewed, updated, and published
every 5 years in a joint effort between the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services (HHS) and the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA).").





n12  Dietary Guidelines Consumer Brochure, U.S. Dep'T OF AGRIC.,
http://www.choosemyplate.gov/print-materials-ordering/dietary-guidelines.html
(last visited Mar. 24, 2015).





n13  Tamar Haspel, Farm Bill: Why Don't Taxpayers Subsidize the Foods That Are
Better for Us?, WASH. POST (Feb. 18, 2014),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/food/farm-biII-why-dont-taxpayers-subsid
ize-the-foods-that-are-better-for-us/20l4/02/14/d7642a3c-9434-11e3-84e1-27626c5e
f5fb_story.html.





n14  SNAP became the new name for the program in 2008. Architects of the name
change intended it to signal the program's focus on participants' nutrition and
transition to healthy lifestyles. RadicanWald, supra note 9, at 6.





n15  See, e.g., LESLIE F. BODEN, GREENTHUMB, GROWING SCHOOL AND YOUTH GARDENS IN
NEW YORK CITY (2009), available at
https://www.nycgovparks.org/sub_aboutlpartners/greenthumb/school_garden_resource
_guide.pdf.





n16  See, e.g., Monica Eng, Most School Garden Produce is Forbidden Fruit in CPS
Lunchrooms, CHI. TRIB. (Oct. 19, 2010),
http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2010-10-19/health/ct-met-school-gardens-201_0
1019_1_cps-spokeswoman-monique-bond-chartwells-thompson-school-garden.





n17  See, e.g., School Lunch Menus, VICTORIA ADVOCATE (Feb. 28, 2015, 8:21 PM),
https://www.victoriaadvocate.com/news/2015/feb/28/school-lunch-menus/.





n18  See Andrea Freeman, "First Food" Justice: Racial Disparities in Infant
Feeding, 83 FORDHAM L. REV. 3053 (2015).





n19  George Kent, The High Price of Infant Formula in the United States, 17
AGROFOOD INDUSTRY HIGH TECH. 6 (2006).





n20  See Freeman, "First Food" Justice, supra note 18, at 3061.





n21  SNAP beneficiaries can purchase breads and cereals; fruits and vegetables;
meats, fish, and poultry; and dairy products. Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Program (SNAP): Eligible Food Items, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC.,
http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/eligible-food-items (last visited Mar. 24, 2015).





n22  INST. OF MED., U.S. HEALTH IN INTERNATIONAL PERSPECTIVE: SHORTER LIVES,
POORER HEALTH (REPORT BRIEF) (2013), available at http://www.iom.edu/
/media/Files/Report%20Files/2013/US-Health-Intemational-Perspective/USHealth_Int
l_PerspectiveRB.pdf ("The U.S. health disadvantage spans many types of illness
and injury. When compared with the average of peer countries, Americans as a
group fare worse in at least nine health areas: 1. infant mortality and low
birth weight 2. injuries and homicides 3. adolescent pregnancy and sexually
transmitted infections 4. HIV and AIDS 5. drug-related deaths 6. obesity and
diabetes 7. heart disease 8. chronic lung disease 9. disability.").





n23  Mary Story et al., Schools and Obesity Prevention: Creating School
Environments and Policies to Promote Healthy Eating and Physical Activity, 87
MILLBANK Q. 71, 73 (2009).





n24  "Race data show that Whites are the largest group of WIC participants (58.2
percent) followed by Blacks or African Americans (19.8 percent)." U.S. DEP'T OF
AGRIC., WOMEN, INFANTS, AND CHILDREN (WIC) PARTICIPANT AND PROGRAM
CHARACTERISTICS 2012: SUMMARY 1 (2013), available at
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/WICPC2012_Summary.pdf. Blacks are
only 13.2% of the U.S. population. State and County QuickFacts, U.S. CENSUS
BUREAU, http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/00000.html (last revised Feb. 5,
2015). In 2010, 31.9% of TANF recipients were black and 85.2% were women. See
U.S. DEP'T HEALTH & HUMAN SERVS., CHARACTERISTICS AND FINANCIAL CIRCUMSTANCES OF
TANF RECIPIENTS, FISCAL YEAR 2010, at tbl.A (Aug. 8, 2012), available at
http://www.acf.hhs.gov/programs/
ofa/resource/character/fy2010/fy2010-chapl0-ys-final; Z. Fareen Parvez, Women,
Poverty, and Welfare Assistance (Jan. 2009) (unpublished manuscript), available
at http://www.socwomen.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/fact_00-2009-welfare.pdf.





n25  See Andrea Freeman, Fast Food: Oppression Through Poor Nutrition, 95 CAL.
L. REV. 2221, 2221 (2007).





n26  African Americans have a 26% greater incidence of cancer (36% greater for
prostate cancer), while an African American woman is 67% more likely to die of
breast cancer than her white counterparts. African Americans have a 40% higher
incidence of hypertension. Latinas suffer from heart disease at twice the rate
of white women, and African American and Chicanas face a 45% greater incidence
of obesity. Latinos are 53% more likely to suffer from diabetes, African
American men are 69% more likely to suffer from diabetes, and African American
and Native American women face more than two and three times higher rates of
diabetes than white women. John Robbins, Racism, Food and Health,
JOHNROBBINS.INFO (Apr. 18, 2010),
http://johnrobbins.info/blog/racism-food-and-health/.





n27  Latetia V. Moore, Availability of Recreational Resources in Minority and
Low Socioeconomic Status Areas, 34 AM. J. PREVENTIVE MED. 16, 16 (2008)
("Minority neighborhoods were significantly more likely than white neighborhoods
not to have recreational facilities ... Low-income neighborhoods were 4.5 times
more likely to not have facilities than high-income are-as ....").





n28  HENRY J. KAISER FAMILY FOUND., HEALTH CARE AND THE 2008 ELECTIONS I (2008),
available at https://kaiserfamilyfoundation.files.wordpress.com/2013/01/7830.pdf
("At least 1 in 3 nonelderly Latinos (36%) and [American Indians or Alaskan
Natives] (33%) is uninsured, as compared with 22% of African Americans, 17% of
Asian and Pacific Islanders, and 13% of Whites.").





n29  See, e.g., Rob Stein, Race Gap Persists in Health Care, Three Studies Say,
WASH. POST (Aug. 18, 2005),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/08/17/AR2005081701437.
html ("Black Americans still get far fewer operations, tests, medications and
other life-saving treatments than whites ... [B]lacks remain much less likely to
undergo heart bypasses, appendectomies and other common procedures. They receive
fewer mammograms and basic tests and drugs for heart disease and diabetes, and
they have fallen even further behind whites in controlling those two major
killers, according to the first attempts to measure the last decade's efforts to
improve equality of care."); Vanessa Ho, Doctors Treated Black Patients Worse in
UW Study, SEATTLE PI (Mar. 19, 2012, 9:00 PM),
http://www.seattlepi.com/local/article/Doctors-treated-black-patients-worse-in-U
W-study-3419063.php ("Studies have shown that white patients are more likely to
get pain medication--and be in less pain--than minority patients.").





n30  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 3.





n31  Michael Heiligenstein, A Brief History of the Farm Bill, SATURDAY EVENING
POST (Apr. 17, 2014), http://www.saturdayeveningpost.com/2014/04/
17/culture/politics/a-brief-history-of-the-farm-bill.html.





n32  See PETE DANIEL, DISPOSSESSION (2015) (tracing the history of
discrimination against black farmers by the USDA). The first farm subsidies
allowed the white owners of large farms to invest in machines and chemicals,
leading to their growth, while small farms operated by blacks received no
assistance in the quest to modemize. Id. at 9. In 2007, after many years of
documented discrimination against black and Latino farmers by the USDA and other
federal agencies, farm owners were ninety-eight percent white. Dorothy A. Brown,
Race and Class Matters in Tax Policy, 107 COLUM. L. REV. 790, 815 (2007). See
also CIVIL RIGHTS ACTION TEAM, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC., CIVIL RIGHTS AT THE UNITED
STATES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE (1997), available at
http://www.federationsouthemcoop.com/pigford/research/CRAT%20Report%20I997.pdf;
Jim Chen, Of Agriculture's First Disobedience and its Fruit, 48 VAND. L. REV.
1261, 1307 (1995).





n33  A lawsuit challenging this discrimination, Pigford v. Glickman, resulted in
a settlement between the USDA and some minority farmers.  Pigford v. Glickman,
206 F.3d 1212, 1217-18 (D.C. Cir. 2000) (holding that district court did not
abuse its discretion in approving consent decree settling class action for race
discrimination in allocation of federal farm loans because class members bore
the risk that federal regulations might change before execution). See also
DANIEL, supra note 32, at 71, 79 (describing the domination of farm services and
agencies by whites that perpetuated discrimination); Joy Milligan, Protecting
Disfavored Minorities: Toward Institutional Realism, UCLA L. REV. (forthcoming
2016). Farming has one of the highest percentages of white owners in any
American business. Brown, supra note 32, at 815.





n34  Food Distribution: FDD--Histoty and Background, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC. (Nov.
12, 2013), http://www.fns.usda.gov/fdd/fdd-history-and-background; RADICAN-WALD,
supra note 9, at 5.





n35  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 15.





n36  Id.





n37  Haspel, supra note 13.





n38  Snejana Farberov, Genesis of a National Plague, DAILY MAIL (July 19, 2013),
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2371051/How-modem-Americas-obesity-epide
mic-began-1950s.html.





n39  See, e.g., OBESITY (Scott Barbour ed., 2011); A.H. BARNETT & SUDHESH KUMAR,
OBESITY AND DIABETES (2004); MABEL BLADES, OBESITY (2005); ALEXANDRA A. BREWIS,
OBESITY (2010); JEFFERY KOPLAN ET AL., PREVENTING CHILDHOOD OBESITY: HEALTH IN
THE BALANCE (2005); PROGRESS IN PREVENTING CHILDHOOD OBESITY (Jeffrey P. Koplan
et al. eds., 2007); OBESITY (Gerald Litwack ed., 2013); NAT'L INST. OF HEALTH,
CLINICAL GUIDELINES ON THE IDENTIFICATION, EVALUATION, AND TREATMENT OF
OVERWEIGHT AND OBESITY IN ADULTS (1998); F. SASSI, ORG. FOR ECON. COOPERATION &
DEV., OBESITY AND THE ECONOMICS OF PREVENTION (2010); David Arterbum, Obesity,
66 AM. FAM. PHYSICIAN 1279 (2002); Richard Barnett, Obesity, 366 LANCET 984
(2005); Per Bj[#xF6]mtorp, Obesity, 350 LANCET 423 (1997); Adam Gilden Tsai &
Thomas A. Wadden, Obesity, 159 ANNALS OF INTERNAL MED. ITC3-1 (2013); David W.
Haslam & W. Phillip T. James, Obesity, 366 LANCET 1197 (2005); Michael Rosenbaum
et al., 337 NEW ENGLAND J. MED 396 (1997); Susan Z. Yanovski & Zack A. Yanovski,
Obesity, 346 NEW ENGLAND J. MED. 591 (2002).





n40  An Epidemic of Obesity: U.S. Obesity Trends, HARVARD SCH. PUB. HEALTH,
http://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource/an-epidemic-of-obesity/ (last
visited Mar. 23, 2015).





n41  Id.





n42  Overweight and Obesity in the U.S., FOOD RES. AND ACTION CENTER,
http://frac.org/initiatives/hunger-and-obesity/obesity-in-the-us/ (last visited
March 24, 2015).





n43  Some critics understand these diagnoses as an indication of a desire for
social control over black and brown bodies. See, e.g., JULIE GUTHMAN, WEIGHING
IN: OBESITY, FOOD JUSTICE, AND THE LIMITS OF CAPITALISM (2011); ABIGAIL SAGUY,
WHAT'S WRONG WITH FAT? (2014); Jeanne Firth, Healthy Choices and Heavy Burdens:
Race, Citizenship and Gender in the Obesity Epidemic, 13 J. INT'L WOMEN'S STUD.
33 (2012).





n44  Claudio Nigg, Adolescent At-Risk Weight (Overweight and Obesity) Prevalence
in Hawai'i, 70 HAW. MED. J. SUPP. I, 4 (2011) ("60% of overweight/obese children
show at least one cardiovascular disease risk factor and an estimated 1/3 of all
US children are expected to eventually develop type 2 diabetes... Additionally,
persistently elevated blood pressure occurred approximately nine times more
frequently among overweight/obese children compared to normal weight children.
Overweight/obese children are also more likely to experience negative social and
psychological consequences, including discrimination, stigmatization, and low
self-esteem. If weight gain continues through adolescence, there is a
significantly high likelihood these youth will become obese adults. Obese adults
are at increased risk for the premature development of several chronic diseases,
including heart disease, stroke, osteoarthritis, and various forms of cancer.").





n45  For a description of the debates that delayed the 2014 Farm Bill by two
years, see Neil D. Hamilton, The 2014 Farm Bill: Lessons in Patience, Politics,
and Persuasion, 19 DRAKE J. AGRIC. L. 1, 9 (2014).





n46  See LET'S MOVE, http://www.letsmove.gov/ (last visited May 4, 2015).
Further, obesity diagnoses are not necessarily grounded in sound medical
practice or research. Body mass index (BMI) provides the measurement of
overweight and obesity. BMI is calculated by dividing a person's weight in
kilograms by that person's height in meters squared, resulting in an estimate of
a "healthy" weight for a person of that height: a measure of less than 18.5 is
"underweight"; 18.5-25 is "normal"; 25-30 is "overweight"; greater than 30 is
considered "obese"; and greater than 40 is seen as "morbidly obese." BMI does
not directly measure body fat. Firth, supra note 43, at 37 n.11. BMI measurement
also fails to take into account individual characteristics such as bone density
and larger physical frames, both of which are often associated with specific
racial groups. Higher bone density and larger frames are associated with being
African American, as is obesity. Bruce Ettinger et al., Racial Differences in
Bone Density Between Young Adult Black and White Subjects Persist After
Adjustment for Anthropometric, Lifestyle, and Biochemical Differences, 82 J.
CLINICAL ENDOCRINOLOGY & METABOLISM 429, 429 (1997). The scientific inaccuracy
of this measurement bolsters suspicions that obesity diagnoses play a role in
society beyond measuring health and implicating relevant treatment. Obesity may
in fact be a socially constructed illness that has little medical meaning aside
from the illnesses and conditions with which it is associated. See Peter Conrad
& Kristin K. Barker, The Social Construction of Illness: Key Insights and Policy
Implications, 51 J. HEALTH & SOC. BEHAVIOR, SUPP. S67 (2010).





n47  Laura Collins, The 2014 Farm Bill Subsidy Reforms Don't Go Far Enough. AM.
ACTION F. (Feb. 7, 2014),
http://americanactionforum.org/research/the-2014-farm-bill-subsidy-reforms-dont-
go-far-enough.





n48  Id.





n49  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 5.





n50  See KING CORN (Mosaic Films 2007).





n51  Since 2005, the Renewable Fuel Standard has required gasoline companies to
blend ethanol with regular gas, raising the price of gas for consumers. See
Robert Bryce, Op-Ed., End the Ethanol Rip-Off, N.Y. TIMES (Mar. 10, 2015),
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/10/opinion/end-the-ethanol-rip-off.html?_r=0.





n52  Tony Dreibus & Jesse Newman, U.S. Farmers Are Up to Their Ears in Corn,
WALL ST. J. (Aug. 17, 2014),
http://www.wsj.com/articles/u-s-farmers-are-up-to-their-ears-in-corn-1408318910.





n53  Id.





n54  See AICR's Foods That Fight Cancer: Soy, AM. INST. FOR CANCER RES.,
http://www.aicr.org/foods-that-fight-cancer/soy.html (last visited Apr. 22,
2015); Mark Hyman, How Soy Can Kill You or Save Your Life, DRHYMAN.COM (Feb. 25,
2013),
http://drhyman.com/blog/2010/08/06/how-soy-can-kill-you-and-save-your-life/#clos
e. See also, e.g., Margaret Adgent, Early Life Soy Exposure and Age at Menarche,
26 PAEDIATRIC PERINATAL EPIDEMIOLogy 163 (2012) (finding that feeding of
soy-based infant formula may increase the likelihood of early onset of puberty);
Melissa A. Cimafranca et al., Acute and Chronic Effects of Oral Genistein
Administration in Neonatal Mice, 83 BIOLOGICAL REPRODUCTION 114 (2010) (finding
serum genistein concentrations mimicking those in soy formula-fed human infants
produced estrogenic effects on the organs of mice); Susan Goodin et al.,
Clinical and Biological Activity of Soy Protein Powder Supplementation in
Healthy Male Volunteers, 16 CANCER EPIDEMIOLOGY BIOMARKERS PREVENTION 829 (2007)
(finding that soy protein powder decreases serum testosterone levels in healthy
men by approximately 19%).





n55  Hidden in Plain Sight: Trans Fats Hidden in Many Foods, ENVTL. WORKING GRP.
(May 22, 2015),
http://www.ewg.org/research/hidden-plain-sight/trans-fats-hidden-many-foods.





n56  See Ashley Hayes, Put Down That Doughnut: FDA Takes on Trans Fats, CNN
(Nov. 13, 2013), http://www.cnn.com/2013/11/07/health/fda-trans-fats/#.





n57  A 1995 paper entitled "Trans Fatty Acids and Coronary Heart Disease Risk"
published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition is widely considered one
of the first studies to make the link between trans fats and heart disease.
Penny M. Kris-Etherton, Trans-Fats and Coronary Heart Disease, 50 FOOD, SCI. &
NUTRITION 29, 29 (2010).





n58  Haspel, supra note 13 ("Specialty growers supported the rules that, until
now, prevented commodity growers from devoting some acreage to fruits and
vegetables; this year's farm bill allows commodity farmers to use up to 15
percent of their acreage for specialty crops without losing benefits.").





n59  MICHAEL CAROLAN, CHEAPONOMICS: THE HIGH COST OF LOW PRICES 65 (2014).





n60  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 16.





n61  Id. at 1.





n62  INST. FOR AGRIC. & TRADE POLICY, FOOD WITHOUT THOUGHT (2006), available at
http://www.nffc.net/Learn/Fact%20Sheets/Obesity%20and%20Ag.pdf.





n63  Roland Sturm & Ruopeng An, Obesity and Economic Environments, 64 CA: A
CANCER J. FOR CLINICIANS 337, 347 (2014).





n64  See, e.g., Ryan T. Hurt, The Obesity Epidemic: Challenges, Health
Initiatives, and Implications for Gastroenterologists, 50 GASTROENTEROLOGY &
HEPATOLOGY 780, 780 (2010) ("The incidence of obesity has risen in the United
States over the past 30 years; 60% of adults are currently either obese or
overweight. Obesity is associated with a higher incidence of a number of
diseases, including diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer."); WORLD
HEALTH ORG., OBESITY AND OVERWEIGHT (2003), available at
http://www.who.int/dietphysicalactivity/media/en/gsfs_obesity.pdf ("Increased
consumption of more energy-dense, nutrient-poor foods with high levels of sugar
and saturated fats, combined with reduced physical activity, have led to obesity
rates that have risen three-fold or more since 1980 in some areas of North
America ....").





n65  Studies have shown that increasing fruit and vegetable servings by just two
per day can lower the risk of developing cancer by 4%. Whole-grain and
fiber-intensive diets may reduce the risk of heart disease, diabetes, and
hypertension. Consumption of whole grains is also correlated with reduced risk
of obesity and its health consequences. Replacing white rice with brown rice can
reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes by 16%. Replacing processed grains with whole
grains can reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes by 36%. Increasing the intake of
fruits and vegetables and other nutrient-rich foods while lowering the intake of
high-fat foods, including fatty meats, significantly reduced the risk of
dementia in patients with Alzheimer's. RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 17.





n66  The United States Needs 13 Million More Acres of Fruits and Vegetables to
Meet the RDA, ARIZ. ENERGY (July 7, 2010),
http://arizonaenergy.org/News_10/News_July10/The%20United%20States%20Needs%2013%
20Million%20More%20Acres%20of%20Fruits%20and%20Vegetables%2Oto%20Meet%20the%2ORD
A.htm.





n67  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 19.





n68  The USDA's subsidy choices also have an international impact because they
affect trade. See Ag Economy; Trade; Biotech; Farm Bill; Budget; and, Biofuels,
FARMPOLICY.COM (Feb. 2, 2015),
http://farmpolicy.com/2015/02/02/ag-economy-trade-biotech-farm-bill-budget-and-b
iofuels-monday/#more-16865.





n69  Freeman, Fast Food, supra note 25, at 2245-47.





n70  Jessica Hoffman, Farm Subsidies Overwhelmingly Support White Farmers,
COLORLINES (Jan. 29, 2009),
http://www.colorlines.com/archives/2009/01/farm_subsidies_overwhelmingly_support
_white_farmers.html.





n71  James Stewart, Richer Farmers, Bigger Subsidies, N.Y. TIMES (July 19,
2013),
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/20/business/richer-farmers-bigger-subsidies.html?
_r=0.





n72  For an analysis of the USDA's policy of dealing with the milk surplus and
its effect on marginalized communities, see Andrea Freeman, The Unbearable
Whiteness of Milk: Food Oppression and the USDA, 3 U.C. IRVINE L. REV. 1251
(2013).





n73  Items eligible for SNAP include breads and cereals; fruits and vegetables;
meats, fish, and poultry; and dairy products. For more information, see
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, supra note 21.





n74  See Eleanor Yang Su, School Meals Face Rules on Fat, Meat, Veggies -- But
No Limits on Sugar, CTR. FOR INVESTIGATIVE REPORTING (Oct. 3, 2013),
http://cironline.org/reports/school-meals-face-rules-fat-meat-veggies-%E2%80%93-
no-limits-sugar-5323.





n75  See Alice Park, Banning Sugared Drinks in Schools Doesn't Lower Student
Consumption, TIME (Nov. 8, 2011),
http://healthland.time.com/2011/11/08/banning-sugared-drinks-in-schools-doesnt-l
ower-student-consumption/.





n76  See Freeman, Fast Food, supra note 25, at 2227.





n77  Health v. Pork: Congress Debates the Farm Bill, 16 GOOD MED. 11, 11 (2007),
available at http://www.pcrm.org/images/gm/autumn2007/gm07autumn.pdf.





n78  McDonald's targets Latino customers through its "Me Encanta" website. See
ME ENCANTA, http://www.meencanta.com (last visited Feb. 27, 2013). African
Americans are targeted through the McDonald's 365 Black website. See 365 BLACK,
http://www.mcdonalds.cotn/365black/en/home.html (last visited Feb. 27, 2013)
("Deeply rooted in the community 365 days a year!").





n79  Jonathan S. Goldman, Comment, Take That Tobacco Settlement and Super-Size
It!: The Deep-Flying of the Fast Food Industry?, 13 TEMP. POL. & CIV. RTS. L.
REV. 113. 118 (2003). This strategy backfired when one of their advertisements
disrespected tamales, a highly valued Mexican food eaten primarily to mark
special occasions. See Adam Chandler, A Briefing on the Eating of Tamales, THE
ATLANTIC (Feb. 5, 2015),
http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2015/02/a-briefing-on-the-eating-of-
tamales/85196/.





n80  See Regina Austin, "Bad for Business": Contextual Analysis, Race
Discrimination, and Fast Food, 34 J. MARSHALL L. REV. 207, 227 (2000).





n81  Id. at 228-29.





n82  SARAH TREUHAFT & ALLISON KARPYN, THE GROCERY GAP: WHO HAS ACCESS TO HEALTHY
FOOD AND WHY IT MATTERS 11 (2010), available at
http://thefoodtrust.org/uploads/media_items/grocerygap.original.pdf ("Beginning
in the 1960s and 1970s, white, middle-class families left urban centers for
homes in the suburbs, and supermarkets fled with them.").





n83  Jeff Smith, Food Justice Discussion Generates Local Campaign Idea, GRAND
RAPIDS INST. FOR INFO. DEMOCRACY (July 15, 2012),
http://griid.org/2012/07/15/food-justice-discussion-generates-local-campaign-ide
a.





n84  Erik Eckholm, Study Documents "Ghetto Tax" Being Paid by the Urban Poor,
N.Y. TIMES (July 19, 2006),
http://www.nytimes.com/2006/07/19/us/19poor.html?_r=0.





n85  Another factor that contributes to unhealthy eating among the poor is
insufficient storage space for food. RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 17.





n86  For more information on intersectional identities, see Kimberle Crenshaw,
Mapping the Margins: Intersectionality, Identity Politics and Violence Against
Women of Color, 43 STAN. L. REV. 1241, 1245 (1991); Angela P. Harris, Race and
Essentialism in Feminist Legal Theory, 42 STAN. L. Rev. 581, 585 (1989).





n87  In 2010, 27.4% of African Americans and 26.6% of Hispanics were poor,
compared to 9.9% of whites and 12.1% of Asians. Poverty in the United States,
NAT'L POVERTY CENTER, http://www.npc.umich.edu/poverty/ (last visited Mar. 24,
2015).





n88  See, e.g., MICHELLE ALEXANDER, THE NEW JIM CROW (2012); Michelle Adams,
Separate and [Un]equal: Housing Choice, Mobility, and Equalization in the
Federally Subsidized Housing Program, 71 TUL. L. REV. 413, 413 (1996) ("The
history of racial discrimination and inequality in the federally subsidized
housing program is extensive and well-documented."); Margalynne Armstrong,
Desegregation for Private Litigation: Using Equitable Remedies to Achieve the
Purposes of the Fair Housing Act, 64 TEMP. L. REV. 909 (1991); Gil Kujovich,
Desegregation in Higher Education: The Limits of a Judicial Remedy, 44 BUFF. L.
REV. I (1996); Jesse B. Semple, Invisible Man: Black and Male Under Title VII,
104 HARV. L. REV. 749 (1991); Brando Simeo Starkey, You're an Uncle Tom!: The
Behavioral Regulation of Blacks on the Right Side of the Criminal Justice System
, 15 BERKELEY J. APR.-AM. L. & POL'Y 37 (2013); Peggie R. Smith, Separate
Identities: Black Women, Work, and Title VII, 14 HARV. WOMEN'S L.J. 21 (1991).





n89  See, e.g., LARRY D. PARNELL, TRANSCULTURAL HEALTH CARE: A CULTURALLY
COMPETENT APPROACH 416 (2012) ("[M]ore acculturated Puerto Ricans are changing
their traditional food practices and often follow mainland U.S. dietary
practices."); Andrew R. Carl, Method Is Irrelevant: Allowing Native Hawaiian
Traditional and Customary Subsistence Fishing to Thrive, 32 U. HAW. L. REV. 203
(2009); WORLD HEALTH ORG., DIET, FOOD SUPPLY AND OBESITY IN THE PACIFIC (2003),
available at
hup://www.wpro.who.int/publications/docs/dietfood_supply_obesity.pdf.





n90  See, e.g., EATING ASIAN AMERICA: A FOOD STUDIES READER 326 (Robert Ji-Sun
Ku et al. eds., 2013).





n91  Hawaii has 3.0444 fast food restaurants per 10,000 people as compared to
2.9961 for California and 1.9049 for New York. Kate Bratskeir, The U.S. States
With The Most Fast Food Restaurants Per Capita, Huffington Post (Mar. 6, 2015),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/03/06/most-fast-food-in-america_n_6808452.htm
l. See also Taina Rosa, The Fast-Food Industry: The Possibility of Market
Saturation and a Scarcity of Premier Locations Aren't Putting a Damper on
Fast-Food Chains' Local Expansion Plans, PUERTO RICO HERALD (Jul. 27, 2005),
http://www.puertorico-herald.org/issues2/2005/vol09n30/CBFastFood.html.





n92  CTRS. FOR DISEASE CONTROL & PREVENTION, NATIONAL DIABETES STATISTICS
REPORT, 2014, at 9 (2014), available at
http://www.cdc.gov/diabetes/pubs/statsreport14/national-diabetes-report-web.pdf
("African Americans, Hispanics/Latinos, American Indians, some Asians, and
Native Hawaiians or other Pacific Islanders are at particularly high risk for
type 2 diabetes and its complications.").





n93  Richard S. Cooper, Genetic Factors in Ethnic Disparities in Health, in
CRITICAL PERSPECTIVES ON RACIAL AND ETHNIC DIFFERENCES IN HEALTH IN LATE LIFE
273 (Norman Anderson et al. eds., 2004) ("[B]lack Americans experience higher
rates of all the major causes of death except chronic obstructive pulmonary
disease and liver disease. The excess rates of cardiovascular disease (CVD) have
long been recognized as being secondary to the high prevalence of hypertension.
. . . Rates of coronary heart disease in blacks now exceed whites. . . . The
black excess is found in all the common forms of cancer except myeloma, and the
differences are particularly marked in the younger age groups.").





n94  Pacific Islander Diet, DIET.COM,
http://www.diet.com/g/pacific-islander-diet (last visited Mar. 23, 2015)
("Anemia, riboflavin deficiency, and calcium deficiency are common nutritional
problems in the rural and urban areas of many islands, while heart disease,
hypertension, type 2 diabetes, obesity, and other chronic diseases are on the
rise. This is primarily due to a transition from traditional nutritious diets of
fresh fruits, vegetables, poultry, and seafood to a diet with large amounts of
imported and highly refined Western foods that are low in fiber and high in fat
and sugars.").





n95  See Mark Hyman, Not Having Enough Food Causes Obesity and Diabetes,
DRHYMAN.COM (last updated Sept. 17, 2010),
http://drhyman.com/blog/2010/09/17/not-having-enough-food-causes-obesity-and-dia
betes/#c lose.





n96  See, e.g., Fast Facts: Obesity and Gender, STOP OBESITY ALLIANCE,
http://www.stopobesityalliance.org/wp-content/themes/stopobesityalliance/pdfs/Fa
stFacts_ObesityandGender5-2010.pdf (last visited Mar. 24, 2015) ("In 2007-2008,
the prevalence of obesity was 32.2 percent among adult men and 35.5 percent
among adult women.").





n97  Marion Nestle, The Farm Bill Promotes Fruits and Vegetables? Really?, FOOD
POLITICS (Mar. 10, 2014),
http://www.foodpolitics.com/2014/03/the-farm-bill-promotes-fruits-an
d-vegetables-really/.





n98  See generally Hamilton, supra note 45.





n99  Alan Bjerga & Julie Bykowicz, Farm Bill Fruitful For Giants, VALLEY NEWS
(Jan. 29, 2014),
http://www.vnews.com/news/nation/world/10428605-95/farm-bill-fruitful-for-giants
.





n100  Id.





n101  See New Farm Bill Contains Massive Taxpayer Handouts to Big Ag, Last
Minute Deal Removed Even Modest Taxpayer Savings, U.S. PIRG (Jan. 28, 2014),
http://www.uspirg.org/news/usp/new-farm-bill-contains-massive-taxpayer-handouts-
big-ag-last-minute-deal-removed-even.





n102  See David Steinbach, Crop Insurance Figured as Key Issue in Farm Bill
Debate, CENTER FOR RESPONSIVE POLITICS (June 21, 2013),
http://www.opensecrets.org/news/2013/06/crop-insurance-funding-characterize/;
Robbie Feinberg, Special Interests Heavily Involved in Farm Bill Maneuvering,
CENTER FOR RESPONSIVE POLITICS (Jan. 30, 2014),
http://www.opensecrets.org/news/2014/01/special-interests-heavily-involved/.





n103  Direct payments to farmers were repealed. See 7 U.S.C. § 8713 (repealed);
7 U.S.C. § 8753 (repealed). They were replaced with two new insurance-based
programs. See 7 U.S.C. § 9016 (2014); 7 U.S.C. § 9017 (2014).





n104  See David Dayden, Farm Bill 2014: It's Even Worse Than the Old Farm Bill,
NEW REPUBLIC (Feb. 4, 2014),
http://www.newrepublic.com/article/116470/farm-bill-2014-its-even-worse-old-farm
-bill.





n105  A Trillion in the Trough, ECONOMIST (Feb. 8, 2014),
http://www.economist.com/news/united-states/21595953-congress-passes-bill-gives-
bipartisanship-bad-name-trillion-trough.





n106  Romina Boccia, Farm Bill Should End Secrecy in Crop Insurance Subsidies,
HERITAGE FOUND. (July 23, 2012),
http://www.heritage.org/research/reports/2012/07/2012-farm-bill-and-crop-insuran
ce-subsidies.





n107  See JULIE GUTHMAN, WEIGHING IN: OBESITY, FOOD JUSTICE, AND THE LIMITS OF
CAPITALISM 52-55 (2011) (describing the origin and evolution of the term
"healthism," and crediting sociologist Robert Crawford with originally coining
the phrase).





n108  This view was particularly prevalent and harmful during the AIDS epidemic.
See Elizabeth Fee & Nancy Krieger, Understanding AIDS: Historical
Interpretations and the Limits of Biomedical Individualism, 83 AM. J. PUB.
HEALTH 1477, 1481 (1993).





n109  See, e.g., WOMEN AND HEALTH (Marlene B. Goldman et al. eds., 2d. ed.
2013); JENNIE J. KRONENFELD, SOCIAL DETERMINANTS, HEALTH DISPARITIES AND
LINKAGES TO HEALTH AND HEALTH CARE (2013); SOCIAL DETERMINANTS OF HEALTH
(Michael Marmot & Richard G. Wilkinson eds., 2006); SHERI R. NOTARO, HEALTH
DISPARITIES AMONG UNDER-SERVED POPULATIONS: IMPLICATIONS FOR RESEARCH, POLICY
AND PRAXIS (2012); HENRIE M. TREADWELL ET AL., SOCIAL DETERMINANTS OF HEALTH
AMONG AFRICAN-AMERICAN MEN (2d. ed. 2012); Jennifer K. Cheng, Confronting the
Social Determinants of Health--Obesity, Neglect, and Inequity, 367 NEW ENGLAND
J. MED. 1976 (2012); Lisa C. Ikemoto, Abortion, Contraception and the ACA: The
Realignment of Women's Health, 55 HOW. L.J. 731,746 (2012); Michael Marmot,
Universal Health Coverage and Social Determinants of Health, 382 LANCET 1227
(2013); Ted Schrecker, Can Health Equity Survive Epidemiology? Standards of
Proof and Social Determinants of Health, 57 PREVENTIVE MED. 741(2013); Margaret
Whitehead & Jennie Popay, Swimming Upstream? Taking Action on the Social
Determinants of Health Inequalities, 71 SOC. SCI. & MED. 1234 (2010).





n110  Adam Benforado, Jon Hanson & David Yosifon, Broken Scales: Obesity and
Justice in America, 53 EMORY L. J. 1645, 1657-58 (2004).





n111  Id. at 1681-85.





n112  Id. at 1694-98.





n113  See VIVYAN CAMPBELL ADAIR, FROM GOOD MA TO WELFARE QUEEN (2000); ANGEMARIE
HANCOCK, THE POLITICS OF DISGUST: THE PUBLIC IDENTITY OF THE WELFARE QUEEN
(2004); DAVID ZUCCHINO, MYTH OF THE WELFARE QUEEN (1997); Rose Ernst, Localizing
the "Welfare Queen" Ten Years Later: Race, Gender, Place, and Welfare Rights, 11
RACE, GENDER & CLASS 181 (2008); Carly Hayden Foster, The Welfare Queen: Race,
Gender, Class, and Public Opinion, 15 RACE, GENDER & CLASS 162 (2008);
Ange-Marie Hancock, Contemporary Welfare Reform and the Public Identity of the
"Welfare Queen", 10 RACE, GENDER & CLASS 31 (2003); Karen Johnson, Myth of the
Welfare Queen, 25 ESSENCE 42 (1995); Premilla Nadasen, From Widow to "Welfare
Queen": Welfare and the Politics of Race, I BLACK WOMEN, GENDER & FAMILIES 52
(2007); John Blake, Return of the "Welfare Queen", CNN (Jan. 23, 2012),
http://www.cnn.com/2012/01/23/politics/weflare-queen/; Beth Reinhard, The Return
of the Welfare Queen, NAT'L J. (Dec. 12, 2013),
http://www.nationaljournal.com/magazine/the-return-of-the-welfare-queen-20131212
; Ashley Sayeau, The Myth of the Welfare Queen, NEWSTATESMAN (Aug. 9, 2010, 9:18
AM), http://www.newstatesman.com/society/2010/08/welfare-women-work-coalition.





n114  See Hancock, Contemporary Welfare Reform, supra note 113, at 31.





n115  Id. at 6-7.





n116  ANGE-MARIE HANCOCK, THE POLITICS OF DISGUST, supra note 113, at 43.





n117  See e.g., RACE, ETHNICITY, GENDER, AND CLASS: THE SOCIOLOGY OF GROUP
CONFLICT AND CHANGE 90 (Joseph F. Healy & Eileen O'Brien eds., 2012).





n118  See e.g., Ron Nixon, Farm Subsidy Recipient Backs Food Stamp Cuts, N.Y.
TIMES (May 22, 2013),
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/23/us/politics/farm-subsidy-recipient-backs-food-
stamp-cuts.html?_r=0; Arthur Delaney, Food Stamp Cuts Backed By Farm Subsidy
Beneficiaries, HUFFINGTON POST (May 23, 2013),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/23/food-stamp-cuts_n_3324418.html; Rachel
Manteuffel, PostScript: Milbank and Snipping SNAP, WASH. POST (July 12, 2013),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-partisan/wp/2013/07/12/postscript-milba
nk-and-snipping-snap/; Niraj Chokshi, Why the Food Stamp Cuts in the Farm Bill
Affect Only a Third of States, WASH. POST (Feb. 5, 2014),
http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/govbeat/wp/2014/02/05/why-the-food-stamp-cut
s-in-the-farm-bill-affect-only-a-third-of-states; Nancy Watzman, Farm Bill
Allows Congress to Keep Crop Subsidies Secret, SUNLIGHT FOUND. (Feb. 7, 2014),
https://sunlightfoundation.comlblog/2014/02/07/farm-bill-allows-congress-to-keep
-crop-subsidies-secreti; Boccia, supra note 106; Steinbach, supra note 102;
George Ford, Iowa Farmers: $ 1.3 Billion in Subsidies, THE GAZETTE (Mar. 31,
2014), http://thegazette.com/2012/06/28/iowa-farmers-1-3-billion-in-subsidies.





n119  See At the Trough, ECONOMIST (June 1, 2013),
http://www.economist.com/news/united-states/21578688-awful-farm-bill-faces-oppos
ition-trough.





n120  Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, 128 Stat. 649 (2014).
Farmers in the United States received $ 240.1 billion in subsidies during
1995-2009. Food crop commodities received the majority of Farm Bill funding at $
153.5 billion, other farm programs received $ 48.6 billion, cotton subsidies
totaled $ 29.7 billion, and livestock and dairy subsidies were $ 8.3 billion.
RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 4.






n121  Farm Subsidy Primer, ENVTL. WORKING GRP.,
http://farm.ewg.org/subsidyprimer.php (last visited Apr. 23, 2015).





n122  7 U.S.C. § 9014(d)(1) (2014) ("Notwithstanding any other provision of this
chapter, a producer on a farm may not receive price loss coverage payments or
agriculture risk coverage payments if the sum of the base acres on the farm is
10 acres or less, as determined by the Secretary.").





n123  See 7 U.S.C. § 7911(a)(1)(A)--(B) (2002).





n124  The wealthiest farmers with the largest farms receive up to $ 1 million
per year in subsidies while the lower 80% of farmers receive an average of $
5,000 each per year. Stewart, Richer Farmers, Bigger Subsidies, supra note 71.





n125  RADKAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 5.





n126  See 7 U.S.C. § 8713 (repealed); 7 U.S.C. § 8753 (repealed); 7 U.S.C. §
9016 (2014) (Price Loss Coverage); 7 U.S.C. § 9017 (2014) (Agriculture Risk
Coverage).





n127  See 7 U.S.C. § 9015(a)(2014).





n128  Agricultural Risk Coverage (ARC), U.S. DEP'T AGRIC.,
http://www.fsa.usda.gov/FSA/fbapp?area=home&subject=fmsn&topic=arc (last updated
Mar. 12, 2014).





n129  See 7 U.S.C. § 9016 (2014). For example, the reference price for corn is $
3.70 a bushel and the reference price for soybeans is $ 8.40 a bushel. 7 U.S.C.
§ 9011(18)(B) and (1-1)(2014).





n130  In the case of dairy, the 2014 Farm Bill repealed three major programs.
These include: the Dairy Product Price Support Program (DPPSP), the Milk Income
Loss Contract (MILC), and the Dairy Export Incentive Program (DEIP). The two new
programs are the Margin Protection Program for Dairy Producers (MPP) and the
Dairy Product Donation Program (DPDP). The MPP is a voluntary program that will
pay participating farmers when a national benchmark for milk income divided by
the cost of animal feed (that actual dairy production margin or ADPM) falls
below a certain variable insured level. The DPDP requires the Secretary of
Agriculture to purchase from farmers and distribute approved dairy products when
the ADPM falls below the lowest level specified for the MPP. These dairy
products would be distributed to low-income family and food assistance programs.
See MARIN BOZIC ET AL., DAIRY MKTS. & POLICY, THE DAIRY SUBTITLE OF THE
AGRICULTURAL ACT OF 2014 2-3 (2014), available at
http://dairymarkets.org/PubPod/Pubs/ILI4-01.pdf. Meat is widely considered to
have lost out with the 2014 Farm Bill due to the passage of Country of Origin
Labeling (COOL) provisions. See Bill Tomson & Tarini Parti, Plenty of Winners
and Losers in New Farm Bill, POLITICO (Jan. 28, 2014),
http://www.politico.com/story/2014/01/farm-bill-review-102726.html.





n131  See Mary Ellen Kustin, Falling Crop Prices Mean Big Payouts, ENVTL.
WORKING GRP. (Feb. 25, 2014),
http://www.ewg.org/agmag/2014/02/falling-crop-prices-mean-big-payouts; Craig
Cox, ENVTL. WORKING GRP., Bait and Switch on Steroids, in PUMPED UP: How
SUPPLEMENTAL INSURANCE COULD SWELL FARM SUBSIDIES (2013), available at
http://static.ewg.org/pdf/2013_sco_crop_insurance_final.pdf.





n132  RADICAN-WALD, supra note 9, at 6.





n133  Ed O'Keefe, Farm Bill Passes After Three Years of Talks, WASH. POST (Feb.
4, 2014), http://www.
washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-politics/wp/2014/02/04/farm-bill-passes-after-thre
e-years-of-talks/.





n134  Ron Nixon, Senate Passes Long-Stalled Farm Bill, With Clear Winners and
Losers, N.Y. TIMES (Feb. 4, 2014),
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/05/us/politics/senate-passes-long-stalled-farm-bi
ll.html?_r=0.





n135  See Overweight and Obesity in the U.S., supra note 42.





n136  Studies link inadequate benefits to increased hospital admissions. Id.





n137  See Andrea Freeman, Payback: A Structural Analysis of the Credit Card
Problem, 55 ARIZ. L. REV. 151 (2013).





n138  Doctors Say Food Stamp Cuts Will Result in Higher Healthcare Costs, PBS
NEWS DESK (Jan. 10, 2014),
http://www.pbs.org/newshour/rundown/doctors-say-food-stamp-cuts-will-result-in-h
igher-healthcare-costs/.





n139  See Willy Blackmore, More Cuts to SNAP Are Coming, and Food Banks Can't
Cope, TAKE PART (Jan. 24, 2014),
http://www.takepart.com/article/2014/01/24/food-banks-cannot-cope-next-round-sna
p-cuts.





n140  The 2014 Farm Bill and Obesity Prevention, STATE OF OBESITY,
http://stateofobesity.org/farm-bill/ (last visited Mar. 24, 2015).





n141  Clare Fleishman & Nick Green, Market Match Program Encourages EBT Spending
at Farmers Markets, CAL. HEALTHCARE FOUND. (Apr. 25, 2014),
http://centerforhealthreporting.org/article/market-match-program
-encourages-ebt-spending-farmers-markets.





n142  Agricultural Act of 2014: Highlights and Implications: Local and Regional
Foods, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC.,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/agricultural-act-of-2014-highlights-and-implications/loc
al-and-regional-foods.aspx (last visited Mar. 24, 2015).





n143  Sadaf Knight, New USDA Rules Will Require Healthy Foods at Convenience
Stores, SUPPORT CENTER (Mar. 21, 2014),
http://thesupportcenter-nc.org/news/small-business/new-usda-rules-will-require-h
ealthy-foods-at-con venience-stores.





n144  The 2014 Farm Bill and Obesity Prevention, supra note 140. See also
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program Education (SNAP-Ed), U.S. DEP'T OF
AGRIC., http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/supplemental-nutrition-assistance-program
-education-snap-ed (last visited May 4, 2015).





n145  2014 Farm Bill Highlights, U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC.,
http://www.usda.gov/documents/usda-2014-farm-bill-highlights.pdf (last visited
Mar. 24, 2015).





n146  Alba J. Collart & Keith Coble, Highlights of the Agricultural Act of 2014
for Specialty Crops, CHOICES (2014),
http://www.choicesmagazine.org/choices-magazine/theme-articles/deciphering-key-p
rovisions-of-the-agricultural-act-of-2014/highlights-of-the-agricultural-act-of-
2014-for-specialty-crops ("[P]ulse products such as dry beans, dry peas,
lentils, and chickpeas, will be incorporated into the National School Lunch and
National School Breakfast programs.").





n147  Meredith Freeman, What Does the Farm Bill Mean For an Urban Community Like
Detroit?, FAIR FOOD NETWORK (Mar. 18, 2014),
http://fairfoodnetwork.org/connect/blog/what-does-farm-bill-mean-urban-community
-detroit.





n148  RENEE JOHNSON, CONG. RESEARCH SERV., R43632, SPECIALTY CROP PROVISIONS IN
THE 2014 FARM BILL (P.L. 113-79) (2014), available at
http://nationalaglawcenter.org/wp-content/uploads/assets/crs/R43632.pdf.





n149  Id. at 9.





n150  2014 Farm Bill Drill Down: Beginning and Socially Disadvantaged Farmers,
NAT'L SUSTAINABLE AGRIC. COAL. (Feb. 5, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-drilldown-bfr-sda/.





n151  Healthy Food Financing Funds, HEALTHY FOOD ACCESS PORTAL,
http://www.healthy foodaccess.org/funding/healthy-food-financing-funds (last
visited Mar. 24, 2015).





n152  For an analysis of how federal agencies tend to approach conflicting
tasks, see Eric Biber, Too Many Things to Do: How to Deal with the Dysfunctions
of Multiple-Goal Agencies, 33 HARV. ENVTL. L. REV. 1 (2009).





n153  Citizens United v. Fed. Election Comm'n, 558 U.S. 310 (2009). See also
McCutcheon v. Fed. Election Comm'n, 134 S. Ct. 1434 (2014); Burwell v. Hobby
Lobby Stores, Inc., 134 S. Ct. 2751 (2014).


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Tasmanian Country (Australia)

                             August 17, 2007 Friday

BUSH TELEGRAPH

SECTION: Pg. 31

LENGTH: 1078  words


Markets Saturday: Burnie farmers market, 8.30am-noon, details Graeme Stevenson
6431 5882. Sheffield Town Hall, High St, 9.30am to 3pm, details Penny Lane 6492
3176. Smithton, 137 Nelson St, opposite Vinnies, 9am-3pm, details Ray Murphy
0418 144 249.

* * * * *

Markets Sunday: Launceston farmers market, Inveresk, 8.30am-2pm, details Garry
Beven 0428 475 855. Latrobe market, 7am-2pm, details David Richards 0437 055
975. Don Memorial Hall 9am-3.30pm, details Tim and Gabrielle Summers 6428 2464,
6250 3364.

* * * * *

Singing country: Singing Up A Storm a short (18 minutes) health-promotion video
on the Regional Health Services' community singing project will be screened at
the State Cinema in Hobart on August 20. It is free and will be followed by the
feature film Amazing Grace. The documentary was made in and around the Southern
Midlands and features many local residents. RSVP to 6254 5025 and say if you
also want to see Amazing Grace for the price of $13.

* * * * *

Climate change: Tasmanian Women in Agriculture will hold a workshop called
Climate Change in your Own Backyard on August 23 from 10.30am to 1pm at the
Royal Hobart Showgrounds, Wrest Point Room, Glenorchy. The causes of climate
change, and what impacts it will have on our part of the world will be discussed
by Jane Appleby, a trained Al Gore climate-change messenger. Andrew Beattie from
PrincipleFocus will facilitate discussion on strategies to negate the impact on
your business. RSVP by today, August 17 to Belinda Hazell 0419 102 476.

* * * * *

Future Tasmania: Mayor of King Island Charles Arnold will speak on the
implications of the PAL policy for Tasmanian agriculture at the Future Tasmania
conference on August 25 at the Launceston Tram Shed from 9.30am to 6pm. The
theme of the conference is our future, our health: air, water, soil. Among other
speakers are Launceston respiratory physician Jim Markos on the Tamar Valley and
wood smoke and Australian Conservation Foundation president Ian Lowe on
bio-diversity, climate change and the scientist. The cost, which includes lunch,
is $50, $40 concessions and $25 students. There is also a field trip to the
northeastern highlands on August 26. Details: Liila Hass and Rob Blakers 6223
2537 or Frank Nicklason and Marion Seath 6231 4553, info@future tasmania.com.

* * * * *

Pasture workshops: The following 85 Get Off The Grass pasture workshops have
been organised: Nile and Epping Forest groups, August 27, 1.30pm to 7pm,
Evandale Community Information Centre. Fingal Valley group, August 28, 9.30am to
1.30pm, Fingal Hotel. East Coast group August 28 6pm, Bark Mill Tavern, Swansea.
Oatlands, Southeast Coast and Ross Groups, August 29, 1pm, The Stables,
Oatlands. Bothwell and Derwent group, August 29, 6pm, Castle Hotel, Bothwell.
Each one costs $50. RSVP 6336 5464 or 0437 170 670

* * * * *

Steam train rides: Redwater Creek Steam and Heritage Society will run steam
train rides on September 1 and 2 from the original Sheffield railway station.
Details: Beth Pagel 6491 1613 days, or www.red water. org.au.

* * * * *

Rural health: A visiting rural health scholar from Scotland Jane Farmer will
talk about changing rural health services there and here at a Rural Health Week
Seminar at the Videoconferencing Suite, Health and Community Service, 70 High
St, Campbell Town on September 3 from 1.30pm to 3pm. Prof Farmer will talk about
what is happening in Scotland, what policymakers say is needed and that they
want and health professionals and communities' responses. Everyone who attends
at Campbell Town will be able to participate, but it is also possible to watch
the seminar at North West Regional Hospital at Burnie and the Repatriation
Centre, Davey St, Hobart. Contact Cecilia Chiu on phone 6324 4028, fax 6324 4040
or Cecilia.Chiu@ utas.edu.au for a registration form.

* * * * *

Tree award: The $3000 Stihl AFG Tree Farmer of the Year Award will be presented
at the Australian Forest Growers annual farm forestry dinner on September 4 at
Launceston Tram Shed Function Centre at 6.30pm for 7pm. Speaker from Forest
Enterprises Australia will talk. It costs $25 for AFG members and $35 for
others. RSVP by August 21-28 to Diana 6336 5300 in business hours.

* * * * *

Drought Bus: The Australian Government's Drought Bus will visit Tasmania for the
first time in early September. The Drought Bus is staffed by Centrelink rural
specialists who can provide farmers and farm-dependent small businesses with
information and help them lodge their claims. A team, without a bus, will also
travel to Flinders Island. Farmers are advised not to self-assess their
eligibility for drought assistance or other support payments. Places the bus
will stop at in September are: Tuesday September 4, Bridport 1.30pm to 4.30pm.
Wednesday 5, Bridport 9.30am to 11.30am and Cressy 2pm to 4.30pm. Thursday 6,
Cressy 9.30am to 11.30am and Ross 1.30pm to 4.30pm. Friday 7, Ross 9.30am to
11.30am and Oatlands 1pm to 4.30pm. Monday 10, Bothwell 1pm to 4.30pm. Tuesday
11, Hamilton 9.30am to 4.30pm. Wednesday 12, Campania 9am to 4.30pm. Thursday 13
Avoca 1.30am to 3pm. Got to www.centrelink.gov.au for details of where the bus
will be parked or contact your Federal MP Dick Adams in Lyons or Michael
Ferguson in Bass. The Drought Assistance hotline is 13 23 16.

* * * * *

Ulverstone trivia: There is Trivia at Molenda Lodge, a free community
rehabilitation centre for children and adults, at 334 Castra Rd, starting at
7.30pm on Thursday, September 6.

* * * * *

Women's award: Nominations are open for the RIRDC Rural Women's Award until
October 15. The 2008 Award provides a Bursary of $10,000 to each of the seven
state and territory winners and the opportunity for all the winners and
runners-up to attend the Australian Institute of Company Directors course.
Details on www.ruralwom ensaward.gov.au/Howtoen ter.htm or Caroline Brown 6336
5383, 0400 927 989.

* * * * *

Riding clinic: The Australian Stock Horse Society will hold a horse riding
clinic with Sue Lind at Westbury Showground on October 6 and 7. It costs $200
for both days. Hind works on balance, position and seat first then works on
specific issues with lateral work. Bookings close today, August 17. Details:
Warwick and Helen Morgan 6395 4429, 0427 502 899 and 0429 197 671.

* BUSH TELEGRAPH is a service to the rural community. Send details to The
Editor, Tasmanian Country, GPO Box 334, Hobart 7001. Email tas.country@dbl
newsltd.com.au (put ''bush telegraph'' in subject line); or fax 6230 0555.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: TSC


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            August 8, 2012 Wednesday

Find fixings at Farmers Market 'BLT Day'

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 151 words


The Dubuque Farmers Market will celebrate its second annual "BLT Day!" Saturday,
Aug. 11.

Vendors have been encouraged to use this opportunity to promote their products
related to BLTs: bacon, lettuce, tomatoes and bread. Visitors can buy everything
to make a BLT, or get one from an on-site food vendor.

Trade tips and tricks with the vendors - some add avocado, cucumbers or even
flavored mayo to create the tastiest BLT treat.

The market is open every Saturday, 7 a.m.-noon, through October. Stretching down
Iowa Street from 11th to 13th streets, and on 12th and 13th streets from Central
to Main, the market has grown in recent years to more than 100 vendors.

There also will be a live radio remote with Radio Dubuque, promoting BLTs and
celebrating the 13th annual National Farmers Market Week (Aug. 5-11).

For more information, contact Dubuque Main Street at 563-588-4400 or visit
www.dubuquemainstreet.org.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The News Herald (Panama City, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 27, 2014 Thursday

BRIEF: Lynn Haven farmers market to begin fourth season

BYLINE: The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 97 words


March 27--LYNN HAVEN -- The Lynn Haven Farmers will open Tuesday for its fourth
season.

The market will be open every Tuesday, April through October, from 11 a.m. until
dusk.

Located at Sheffield Park, 903 Ohio Ave., in downtown Lynn Haven, local vendors
will offer seasonal produce, honey, jelly, baked goods, plants, as well as a
variety of handcrafted items.

The market was launched by the Lynn Haven Main Street's Promotion Committee.

___ (c)2014 The News Herald (Panama City, Fla.) Visit The News Herald (Panama
City, Fla.) at www.newsherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140327-PY-BRF-Lynn-Haven-farmers-market
-to-begin-fourth-season-0327-20140327

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PY


                         Copyright 2014 The News Herald


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             August 3, 2012 Friday

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 143 words


A CHEQUE for 350 has been presented to East Lancashire Hospice after a farmers
market in Great Harwood.

It is the second market to take place this year in aid of the charity.

Gaskell Motor Bodies, based on Alan Ramsbottom Way, organised the event.

Managing director Nick Gaskell said it attracted dozens of shoppers and gave an
opportunity for small local businesses to have a stall and promote their
products.

He said: We thoroughly enjoyed our first market so wanted to continue its
success.

A body shop isn't the first place people would think of finding a farmers market
but we were supported by all the stall holders and the fact it raised over 350
for the East Lancashire Hospice is great.

Jennifer Quinn, fundraiser at the hospice, said Nick was a fantastic supporter
of the hospice.

She added: He has quite a few quite quirky fundraising events in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bristol Post

                            October 10, 2011 Monday

A real buzz at festival of food

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 143 words


Crowds of people sampled and bought a range of food and drink at the second
Chipping Sodbury festival of food.

The town's chamber of commerce organised the event after the roaring success of
the inaugural festival last year, which attracted thousands of visitors.

An extended farmers' market was included in the day's programme, as well as a
horticultural show, cookery demonstrations and the introduction of the specially
created Sodbury Sausage by Hobbs House Bakery and Butchery.

A number of food shops, restaurants, cafes and pubs offered food and drink
samples to try throughout the event, which was part of the South
Gloucestershire-wide Taste promotion of local produce.

Chamber chairman Mark Lloyd said: "All the shops that did tasting events had a
really good day and the farmers' market was very busy. The festival certainly
gave the town a real buzz."

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 25


                      Copyright 2011 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bristol Post

                            October 10, 2011 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

A real buzz at festival of food;
Local produce

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 143 words


CROWDS of people sampled and bought a range of food and drink at the second
Chipping Sodbury festival of food.

The town's chamber of commerce organised the event after the roaring success of
the inaugural festival last year, which attracted thousands of visitors. An
extended farmers' market was included in the day's programme, as well as a
horticultural show, cookery demonstrations and the introduction of the specially
created Sodbury Sausage by Hobbs House Bakery and Butchery. A number of food
shops, restaurants, cafes and pubs offered food and drink samples to try
throughout the event, which was part of the South Gloucestershire-wide Taste
promotion of local produce.

Chamber chairman Mark Lloyd said: "All the shops that did tasting events had a
really good day and the farmers' market was very busy. The festival certainly
gave the town a real buzz."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ? Scott Bryant, Claire Moreton, Andy Williams, OLd Sodbury Lamb, Paul
Jobbins, Nadine Peters and Dave Anthony at the weekend festival of food Picture:
Dave Betts BRDB20111008A-002_C

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EPB


                    Copyright 2011 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Kent and Sussex Courier

                              June 2, 2006 Friday

Compete and help promote local food

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 217 words


Young people in Wealden are being asked to help promote local food by taking
part in a poster colouring competition.

The district's four farmers' markets in Uckfield, Hailsham, Heathfield and
Crowborough are launching a children's poster competition this month.

Every market will be handing out free colouring posters during their monthly
market day.

"We're very proud of our farmers' markets and the local produce they sell," said
Cllr Keith Whitehead.

"This is a great way of getting young people to take a closer look at where
healthy, sustainable food can be found - which is right on their own doorstep."

Completed posters will be judged by the farmers themselves and the winning
entries professionally reproduced to be used in future promotions.

Winners will also receive free family tickets to popular Wealden visitor
attractions such as Wilderness Wood, Freedom Leisure Bowling, Middle Open Farm,
and Ashdown Forest Llama Park.

There are two age groups for the competition - five to 11 and 12 to 16 years,
with prizes given  at each market for each category.

For a copy of the colouring poster people need to visit their local farmers'
marketin Uckfield tomorrow (Saturday); Hailsham, at the Cattle Market on June
10;  Heathfield, in Co-Op car park on June 17, and  Crowborough in Pine Grove on
June 24.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Kent and Sussex Courier
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                           October 10, 2012 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Potato body seeks directors

BYLINE: Alex Sampson

SECTION: HORTICULTU; Pg. 82

LENGTH: 389 words


THE Victorian Certified Seed Potato Authority is searching for directors.
Established in 1994, ViCSPA is responsible for the management of the ViCSPA Seed
Potato Certification Scheme, which operates in Victoria and South Australia. The
eight-member board has four vacancies, requiring two certified seed potato
growers and two non-seed potato growers. All board positions are for four years.
For more details, phone general manager Nigel Crump on (03) 5962 0000.

MADEC community training is offering a free chemical users course until the end
of the year. The three-day course provides training required by quality
assurance programs and covers grower obligations under the law. There is also a
one-day refresher course on the latest changes in chemicals and safety. Course
dates are: October 11, 26, November 8, 13, 15, and December 6, 11, 13.

THE Almond Board of Australia held its 14th Australian Almond Conference in the
Barossa Valley this week. The conference, which began on Monday and finished
today, featured world leaders in breeding, nutrition, marketing and researchers
undertaking projects that may have effects across the supply chain. Topics from
pollination to promotion were discussed.

THE latest information about Victoria's farmers markets will be available via
iPhone following the release of the first Farmers Market iPhone app. Minister
for Regional and Rural Development Peter Ryan, speaking at the Royal Melbourne
Show last month, announced the initiative.

Mr Ryan said the iPhone app would be a valuable tool in promoting the range of
fresh produce and goods available at authentic farmers markets around the state.
The app lists market stalls by category, region and name, along with the date
and area that markets are held.

VICTORIA'S Department of Primary Industries is conducting information sessions
around the state to promote the new Food and Fibre Marketing Co-operatives
grants program. The program offers up to $50,000 to encourage co-operation
between farmers and value chain members. DPI will visit Ararat on next Tuesday,
Robinvale (October 22), Mildura (October 23), Wangaratta (November 8),
Bairnsdale (November 13) and Traralgon (November 14).

Send your horticulture news to Alex Sampson, The Weekly Times, PO Box 14999,
Melbourne, 8001, or email sampsona@theweekly times.com.au or fax to (03) 9292
2697.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2015 Saturday

Arkansas: Arkansas Departments/partners work together to promote better
nutrition in food program

LENGTH: 643  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Department of Human Services has issued the following news release:

Media Release
Contact:
Amy Webb, Director of Communications
(501) 682-8946
-more-
For Immediate Release
June 19, 2015
Arkansas Departments/partners work together to promote better nutrition in food
program
DHS mobile unit will be at Jonesboro farmers market June 23
The Arkansas Department of Human Services, Department of Health and the Arkansas
Coalition
for Obesity Prevention (ARCOP) are working together to promote better nutrition
for Arkansans who
use the state's Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP).
About a dozen Arkansas farmers markets in Arkansas participate in the Double
Dollars program.
Double Dollars offers SNAP recipients the opportunity to double their food
dollars when they use their
SNAP Electronic Benefit Card (EBT) at the markets. The Double Dollars program
has been available
through the federal SNAP program for about five years, but its use is relatively
new in Arkansas. The
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), which runs SNAP, encourages farmers
markets to seek out
local partners to fund the Double Dollars program in their area. The program
coincides with USDA's
effort to have more farmers markets accept SNAP benefits. There are
approximately 301 farmers
markets in Arkansas and 61 currently accept SNAP.
"We are happy with the increase of farmers markets that are accepting SNAP,"
said Michele
Rodgers, Arkansas Department of Human Services SNAP Outreach manager. "We've
worked hard to
add the markets. In 2014, just 15 markets accepted SNAP.
When the Double Dollars program is used in concert with SNAP, every dollar spent
does at least
double duty, providing a dollar in new sales for American family farmers and a
dollar in real nutrition
assistance, improving community health and keeping food dollars circulating in
local economies.
-30-
Six farmers markets across Arkansas are participating in the pilot project and
have received funds for maintenance and operations with the stipulation they
provide a double dollars program as a part of the pilot program to incentivize
SNAP.
"Improved nutrition through fruits and vegetables is important for everyone,
especially for families with limited food dollars, said Christine McKnelly,
registered dietitian and co-chair of the Access to Healthy Food Workgroup for
ARCOP "The Double Dollars option in SNAP gives families a way to stretch their
benefits to choose healthy food options."
Farmers markets being funded by the Arkansas Coalition for Obesity Prevention
for the Double Dollars SNAP option are:
o Jonesboro -- ASU Regional Farmers Market
o Hot Springs - Historic downtown Farmers Market
o Pine Bluff - Saracen Landing Farmers Market
o Yellville - Yellville Farmers Market
o Little Rock - Bernice Gardens Farmers Market
o Fayetteville - Crossroads Farmers Market
In addition, The Wal-Mart Foundation has funded the Double Dollars option for
six other farmers markets around the state this season. Those markets are:
o Bentonville - The Downtown Bentonville Farmers Market
o Siloam Springs - Siloam Springs Farmers Market
o Fayetteville - Green Fork Farmers Market, Fayetteville Farmers Market and the
Wren Thicket Market
o Springdale - Springdale Farmers Market
The DHS Mobile Enrollment van will visit Jonesboro's ASU Regional Farmers Market
, 3350 Aggie Road, at the corner of Aggie Road and Red Wolf Boulevard (formerly
Stadium Boulevard) from noon to 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, June 23, 2015 during the
market's Double Buck Tuesday promotion. The farmers market hours are noon to
5:30 p.m.
The mobile unit allows Arkansans to sign up on the spot for the state's
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) as well as several other DHS
programs. The van will be parked in front of the pavilion.
-30-

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Richness from the hillsAvocados and mushrooms are the stars of this year's Royal
Project Market at Siam Paragon

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 324 words


THE NATION

Agricultural products grown in the mountains of northern Thailand under the
auspices of the Royal Project Foundation make their way to Bangkok this month
for the "Royal Project Market @Siam Paragon" â[#x20ac]" a unique contemporary
farmers market with a twist. Hosted by Siam Paragon and the Royal Project
Foundation, it will be setting up shop at Parc Paragon from Thursday until
September 26.

"The objective of the Royal Project Market @Siam Paragon is to promote quality
products from the Royal Projects by transforming Siam Paragon into a modern
farmers market. In addition to selections of quality farm produce, a new range
of fruits and vegetables researched and developed by the foundation will also be
presented. There will also be cooking demonstrations by food gurus who will be
using ingredients from the royal projects to prepare nutritious dishes," says
Narongchai Pipattanawong, the foundation's marketing director.

"Siam Paragon is pleased to be part of this event, which focuses both on
consumers and local farmers. Proceeds from sales of all items will go to
highland farmers to support their well-being," adds Chadatip Chutrakul, chief
executive of Siam Paragon Shopping Complex.

Highlighted products will include avocados, mushrooms and various types of
grains plus seasonal items such as passion fruit, peaches, premium tea, fresh
flowers, and temperate vegetables and flowers.

A range of healthy dishes using avocados, mushrooms and grains will also be up
for tasting and include Grilled Mushroom with Northeastern Style Dipping Sauce,
Northern Style Spicy Galangal Root Dip with Mix Mushroom Saute, Spicy Minced
Mushroom (Chiang Rai Recipe) served with fresh vegetables, Fermented Rice Flour
Noodles with Mushroom Curry, Mixed Grains and Avocado Salad, Rice Cake, Red
beans and Green Tea Cake and Fruit Kombucha (fermented teas).

A new book titled "Food for Health: Mushroom-Avocado-Grain" will also be
available at the event.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Richness from the hillsAvocados and mushrooms are the stars of this year's Royal
Project Market at Siam Paragon

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 324 words


THE NATION

Agricultural products grown in the mountains of northern Thailand under the
auspices of the Royal Project Foundation make their way to Bangkok this month
for the "Royal Project Market @Siam Paragon" â[#x20ac]" a unique contemporary
farmers market with a twist. Hosted by Siam Paragon and the Royal Project
Foundation, it will be setting up shop at Parc Paragon from Thursday until
September 26.

"The objective of the Royal Project Market @Siam Paragon is to promote quality
products from the Royal Projects by transforming Siam Paragon into a modern
farmers market. In addition to selections of quality farm produce, a new range
of fruits and vegetables researched and developed by the foundation will also be
presented. There will also be cooking demonstrations by food gurus who will be
using ingredients from the royal projects to prepare nutritious dishes," says
Narongchai Pipattanawong, the foundation's marketing director.

"Siam Paragon is pleased to be part of this event, which focuses both on
consumers and local farmers. Proceeds from sales of all items will go to
highland farmers to support their well-being," adds Chadatip Chutrakul, chief
executive of Siam Paragon Shopping Complex.

Highlighted products will include avocados, mushrooms and various types of
grains plus seasonal items such as passion fruit, peaches, premium tea, fresh
flowers, and temperate vegetables and flowers.

A range of healthy dishes using avocados, mushrooms and grains will also be up
for tasting and include Grilled Mushroom with Northeastern Style Dipping Sauce,
Northern Style Spicy Galangal Root Dip with Mix Mushroom Saute, Spicy Minced
Mushroom (Chiang Rai Recipe) served with fresh vegetables, Fermented Rice Flour
Noodles with Mushroom Curry, Mixed Grains and Avocado Salad, Rice Cake, Red
beans and Green Tea Cake and Fruit Kombucha (fermented teas).

A new book titled "Food for Health: Mushroom-Avocado-Grain" will also be
available at the event.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            February 3, 2006 Friday

Chamber boss looks to promote business;
Navarrette says he wants to link farmers with businesses and help land owners
with development

BYLINE: Tanya Rose, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 340 words


As the new Chamber of Commerce president, olive oil producer and Realtor David
Navarrette wants to further promote local farm products.

If that means doing more to publicize the two-year-old downtown farmers' market
program, he's all for it. If it means encouraging restaurants to use locally
grown fruits and veggies in their daily offerings, all the better.

"If I had a restaurant downtown, for example, I would be out hustling local
produce; I'd be out there during the farmers' market walking around with a
menu," he said.

"I see the Chamber of Commerce being the binding agent, or the entity that can
pull those two groups together," he said.

Navarrette was installed last week as the Chamber of Commerce president for
2006, and said he simply wants to take the chamber's role in promoting local
business, and expand it. In addition to promoting local agriculture, he'd like
to offer assistance with smaller development projects.

As a Realtor, he's watched families that have held land for multiple generations
try to sell it off, or try to develop it themselves. Glitches seem to always
occur, he said, but those can be avoided with the right information.

"The majority of our major developments are finished here in Brentwood, and now
we'll be focusing on infill projects, or subdividing smaller plots of land," he
said. "Most families interested in developing their own land haven't done this
before. I'd like to help them."

That might mean meeting with the city redevelopment agency and setting up
seminars or workshops, or making sure someone is on hand through the chamber to
answer questions as they arise.

"Officially, I have 11 months to make all this happen," he said.

Navarrette has lived in Brentwood for 40-plus years, and aside from his real
estate business, he and his wife Lill own and operate Brentwood Olive Oil Co. He
has been instrumental in loosening county restrictions on olive oil production
in Contra Costa County, and belongs to various farm bureaus and associations.

Reach Tanya Rose at 925-779-7139 or trose@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                                 July 17, 2003

Residents priced out of the market

BYLINE: Kerry McQueeney

LENGTH: 264 words


News that New Addington's farmers' market will close because of a fall in
business has come as no surprise to residents of the deprived estate who say the
produce is too expensive for their budgets.

This Saturday's market will be the last to take place on Central Parade because
of a steady decline in visitors.

But residents in New Addington predicted the slump more than nine months ago.

Back in October last year residents voiced their concerns about the market's
future at a neighbourhood partnership meeting saying traders needed to bring the
price of their produce down in order for it to be a success in New Addington.

But Croydon Council announced this week they would be looking for an alternative
site for the market.

Councillor Martin Tiedmann chairman of the environment and sustainability forum
said: "The farmers' market in New Addington has been an interesting and exciting
venture into the promotion of healthy eating and support of local farmers.

"Sadly attendance at New Addington has dwindled over recent months but we are
confident that a farmers' market in Croydon would be beneficial to the whole
community and to this end we plan to find a suitable site in the borough."
George Cowling chair of the Cudham Drive residents association said: "I'm not in
the least bit surprised. The cost of food on the market is just too expensive
for people on this estate. Their money goes a lot further in the supermarket."
The last Farmers' Market in New Addington will take place on Central Parade on
Saturday (July 19) between 9.30am and 1.30pm.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2003 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Markham Economist & Sun

                          November 11, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

DINE SAFE YORK: Establishments in Georgina, Newmarket, Markham charged

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 216  words


Public health inspectors handed out tickets for violations of the province's
Health Protection and Promotion Act at four York Region locations between Nov. 2
and 8.

Wind Sushi, 289 The Queensway S., Georgina, was cited for failing to protect
food from contamination or adulteration

Barton Retirement Centre, 17290 Leslie St., Newmarket, was cited for operating a
food premise in a manner adversely affecting sanitary condition.

Squeeze-It Juice Bar (York Farmers' Market location), 7509 Yonge St., Markham,
was cited for failing to provide a hand-washing basin in the food preparation
area.

Steeles Bakery (York Farmers' Market location), 7509 Yonge St., Markham was
cited for failing to provide a hand washing basin in the food preparation area.

The website for the YorkSafe inspection program is yorksafe.com. It is designed
to provide the public with information about inspections of food establishments,
salons, spas, day nurseries and recreational water facilities (pools,
whirlpools, splash pads, wading pools and receiving basins) in York Region.

Sidebar:

You can also contact York Region Health Connection at 1-800-361-5653, TTY
1-866-252-9933 or visit york.ca/foodsafety for more information on the food
premises disclosure system, YorkSafe reports, healthy eating or any other
health-related topic.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Markham Economist & Sun

                           November 10, 2015 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

DINE SAFE YORK: Establishments in Georgina, Newmarket, Markham charged

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 216  words


Public health inspectors handed out tickets for violations of the province's
Health Protection and Promotion Act at four York Region locations between Nov. 2
and 8.

Wind Sushi, 289 The Queensway S., Georgina, was cited for failing to protect
food from contamination or adulteration

Barton Retirement Centre, 17290 Leslie St., Newmarket, was cited for operating a
food premise in a manner adversely affecting sanitary condition.

Squeeze-It Juice Bar (York Farmers' Market location), 7509 Yonge St., Markham,
was cited for failing to provide a hand-washing basin in the food preparation
area.

Steeles Bakery (York Farmers' Market location), 7509 Yonge St., Markham was
cited for failing to provide a hand washing basin in the food preparation area.

The website for the YorkSafe inspection program is yorksafe.com. It is designed
to provide the public with information about inspections of food establishments,
salons, spas, day nurseries and recreational water facilities (pools,
whirlpools, splash pads, wading pools and receiving basins) in York Region.

Sidebar:

You can also contact York Region Health Connection at 1-800-361-5653, TTY
1-866-252-9933 or visit york.ca/foodsafety for more information on the food
premises disclosure system, YorkSafe reports, healthy eating or any other
health-related topic.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       May 30, 1997, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Boston Chicken changes its strategy and pecking order;
Stock price responds with a 52-week low

BYLINE: DOW JONES NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 02E

LENGTH: 346 words


Shares of Boston Chicken (ticker symbol BOST) set a 52-week low for the second
straight day as a change of management and a renewed focus on dinner patrons
failed to impress investors.

The stock traded as low as $ 16 on Thursday before closing at $ 16.75, down $
1.37 1/2.

The Golden, Colo., company said Saad Nadhir will be renamed a co- chairman, and
that Chief Executive Scott Beck will assume day-to-day management of Boston
Market restaurants. The company said Larry Zwain resigned as president and chief
executive of Boston Market restaurants.

Boston Chicken said it is not satisfied with Boston Market's current sales
momentum or level of discounts and promotions. The company said it will refocus
its operations to make dinner the centerpiece, instead of lunch. Boston Market
also plans to test the sale of fresh, chilled ready- to-heat meals.

But Schroder Wertheim analyst Wayne Daniels said that "when you look away from
your core concept before fixing that core, I don't look at that as a wise way to
grow."

A company run by Boston Chicken's Nadhir earlier this year injected $ 23 million
into Roswell-based Harry's Farmers Market. The idea was to use Harry's
gourmet-to-go recipes and know-how to expand Boston Market's take-out
selections.

That company, Progressive Food Concepts, is exploring putting Boston Market
meals in Harry's locations and is considering offering Harry's-in- a-Hurry items
in its restaurants and in prototype stores that will open in the third quarter.
Dates and locations for the test marketing haven't been disclosed.

Under Nadhir's deal, Progressive could eventually own a 43 percent stake in
Harry's. The deal also gave Progressive Harry's worldwide intellectual property
and trademark rights, and rights to develop Harry's locations anywhere except in
Georgia and Alabama.

A spokeswoman for Boston Chicken said Thursday that Nadhir plans to continue
working closely on the development plans with Harry A. Blazer, founder of the
Harry's chain.

Staff writer Mickey H. Gramig contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                          December 23, 2009 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Edina could get its own farmers market

BYLINE: MARY JANE SMETANKA; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1AA

LENGTH: 502 words



HIGHLIGHT: Residents may have a local market as soon as next summer.


Bloomington has a farmers market, and so do almost all the other cities that
ring Edina, including Richfield, St. Louis Park, Hopkins, Minnetonka and
Minneapolis. But not Edina.

Next year, it might.

The city could add a farmers market as soon as next summer, if a proposal that's
going to the Edina Park Board in January makes its way through city review
processes in time for the 2010 season. The proposed location would be Centennial
Lakes Park.

"I have a feeling this will be well received," said John Keprios, the city's
park and recreation director. "It would help create a sense of community, which
really fits with our mission well -- creating community through people, parks
and programs."

The idea of adding an Edina farmers market came out of a two-year, $1.6 million
grant that was received by Bloomington, Richfield and Edina. The Statewide
Health Improvement Program grant came from the state health access fund, funded
by a fee paid by health care providers. The money goes to activities that are
aimed at promoting health.

Advisory health boards in the three cities helped shape priorities in the grant,
and in Edina the farmers market was suggested as a way to increase residents'
access to fresh food, said Eileen O'Connell, health promotion and planning
manager for the City of Bloomington Division of Public Health. Bloomington is
the fiscal agent for the grant.

"People are very interested and excited about the potential farmers market,"
said O'Connell, who lives in Minneapolis near the Edina border. She used herself
as an example.

"Now, I have to drive to markets in Minneapolis or Richfield or Bloomington,"
she said. "If one was added at Centennial Lakes, I could walk or bike because it
would be closer to me." People who live near markets "hopefully are eating more
fruits and vegetables, which research shows increases health. And it's locally
grown, too."

About $19,000 in the state grant is earmarked for the farmers market effort, and
could pay for a feasibility study, signs, focus groups and the time that city
staff spends on the issue.

Because Edina's city code bars sale of farm produce in parks, Keprios is taking
a proposal that would change that to the Park Board. The board acts as an
adviser to the City Council, which would have to approve the change in the city
code.

Keprios believes Centennial Lakes is the best location for a market because of
the park's size and generous parking. Events like art festivals have run
successfully there, he said.

"I think it would lend itself to this very well," he said. "There are a lot of
businesses in that area, and some low-income families as well. It just seems to
be a beautiful setup for a farmers market."

If a market is approved, Keprios said he believes vendors should be limited to
selling only locally grown produce.

"People want to know who the growers are," he said. "They want to talk to people
who grow this stuff."

The proposal is expected to be discussed at the Jan. 12 Edina Park Board
meeting.

Mary Jane Smetanka - 612-673-7380

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             March 18, 2011 Friday

Concord Afghan food company expanding quickly, bringing bolani to America

BYLINE: By Paul Thissen Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Contra Costa; Local; News; Breaking

LENGTH: 513 words


CONCORD -- Billal Sidiq grew up at farmers markets, so he's a good salesman. He
speaks fast, talks up his products, grins. These days, he has a lot to smile
about. Bolani East and West Gourmet Afghan Food, the 7-year-old company he and
his parents own, set a sales record at Costco. Whole Foods wants them to expand
faster than they can bake bolani. They're outgrowing their kitchen just outside
of North Concord.

And for Sidiq, it's not just about building a business. It's about changing
perceptions of Afghanistan.

After the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, people would ask him if he knew Osama bin
Laden. He wants them to ask about his pesto spreads.

More and more people do.

"We're lucky that we might have more customers than we can even supply at the
moment," said Joe Trouba, who runs the business side of the operation.

East and West's spreads and bolani -- flatbread stuffed with spinach, lentils,
pumpkin or potatoes -- are available at Whole Foods stores across Northern
California, not to mention at nearly 200 farmers markets around the state. On
April 1, they will go on sale at Southern California Whole Foods stores.

And in its first week at Costco, doing a "Roadshow" promotion at the Novato
store, the company broke Costco's sales record for the program -- $53,600 in
sales in one week.

It also did well at the Concord Costco the next week, and will be at the
Danville Costco the week of April 4.

A Whole Foods purchasing agent bragged to The Wall Street Journal about having
found them at a farmers market, saying the products were now outselling staples
such as eggs at the stores where they're sold.

In addition to its Concord location, the company also has a kitchen in Southern
California. In order to expand, the company plans to open more kitchens rather
than shipping the food long distances, requiring more preservatives. Using fresh
produce is part of what makes the food taste good, Sidiq said.

"We don't want to be a company that mass-produces out of one facility," Sidiq
said. "We only contract with local farmers or companies that work with local
farmers."

But they're also outgrowing their Concord space and planning to look for a
larger facility in the area once their lease ends in 11 months.

Sidiq said many of the company's regular customers are Jewish. The fact that
they're all vegetarian -- and many are vegan -- means it's easy to keep kosher.

The food also is healthy, since bolani is baked and not fried, and the pesto and
curry spreads are made without much oil -- they're recommended by area
WeightWatchers programs, Sidiq said.

Their products are also unique -- at least in this country. The company was
awarded a trademark for "bolani," the traditional name for the Afghan flatbread.

"You can't walk into Safeway or Lucky" and buy it, Sidiq said. Then he smiled.

Contact Paul Thissen at 925-943-8163. Follow him at Twitter.com/pthissen .null

Susan Tripp Pollard/Staff file 2010
Workers Luis Vasquez, right, and Gabriel Rojas peel and chop butternut squash as
they prepare bolani at the family-owned Bolani East and West Gourmet Afghan Food
company in Concord.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Freshly made Spinach Bolani is just out of the oven at the family owned
Bolani East & West Gourmet Afghan Food in Concord, Calif., on Thursday Jan. 27,
2011. Nazie Sidiq and her sons run the food business which features vegetarian
food made with all natural ingredients. The Bolani's pestos, and other spreads
can be found at local produce markets and also at Whole Food stores. (Susan
Tripp Pollard/Staff)
Bianca Figueroa washes cilantro to be used in the cilantro pesto at the family
owned Bolani East & West Gourmet Afghan Food in Concord, Calif., on Thursday
Jan. 27, 2011. Nazie Sidiq and her sons run the food business, which features
vegetarian food made with all natural ingredients. The Bolani's, pestos, and
other spreads can be found at local produce markets and also at Whole Food
stores. (Susan Tripp Pollard/Staff)
Nazie Sidiq with two of her sons Nawiol Rahimi, left, and Billal Didiq, all of
Alamo, are photographed at their Afghan food business in Concord, Calif., on
Thursday Jan. 27, 2011. The Bolani East & West Gourmet Food can be found at
local produce markets and also at Whole Food stores. (Susan Tripp Pollard/Staff)

Luis Vasquez, foreground and Gabriel Rojas prepare freshly made Bolani as they
peel and chop butternut squash at the family owned Bolani East & West Gourmet
Afghan Food in Concord, Calif., on Thursday Jan. 27, 2011. Nazie Sidiq and her
sons run the food business which features vegetarian food made with all natural
ingredients. The Bolani's pestos, and other spreads can be found at local
produce markets and also at Whole Food stores. (Susan Tripp Pollard/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 26, 1996, Monday, ALL EDITIONS

PEACH BUZZ;
He's tiptoeing through the . . .

BYLINE: Editor: Robbyn Footlick. Contributing: Bo Emerson, A. Scott Walton,
Laura;
Williamson and news services.

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 02E

LENGTH: 990 words


As Atlanta cops figure out how to enforce the city's new anti-dog- waste
ordinance, their efforts are being lauded in song at a downtown theater. Sort
of. A musical number from "The Harvey Milk Show," playing at Actor's Express
through Sept. 8, pays tribute to one of the late San Francisco city supervisor's
most interesting pieces of legislation - one of the country's very first
pooper-scooper laws. "We must not just hush- hush it/ It's time that we flush
it/ Stop trying to brush it aside," sings lead Chris Coleman (right), in the
second act opener, "Pooper- Scooper." Was the city inspired by his production?
"I would so seriously doubt it," said Coleman, who is, nonetheless, a big fan of
Atlanta's copycat law. "Walking down the street at night, I'm literally
tiptoeing around,'' says the Virginia-Highland resident, "because I can't really
see, but I know where the dogs always poop."

- 'BALLYHOO' HEADED TO NEW YORK: Looks like Alfred Uhry's "Last Night at
Ballyhoo" will have a run in New York after the first of the year. This news
from Edith H. Love, managing director of the Alliance Theatre, who spoke with
Uhry last week. Uhry is waiting for final details to be smoothed out before he
announces who's producing. The show, which premiered here during the Olympics,
ends its Atlanta run Oct. 6.

- PRETTY IN PINK: Worried that the Atlanta skyline just won't look the same
without the strobe and fuchsia and blue lights on the BellSouth building? Never
fear. SouthTrust Bank will pick up the slack Oct. 24, when it adorns its
building at 600 W. Peachtree St. N.W. (by the Varsity) with thousands of pink
lights. SouthTrust is painting the town pink in honor of the Susan G. Komen
Breast Cancer Foundation's "Race for the Cure" (Oct. 26) to raise money for
breast cancer research. SouthTrust Bank CEO Tom Coley announced the bank's plans
at a race kick-off breakfast last Thursday. Other breakfast hosts included: Nick
Trigony, president of Cox Broadcasting, and John Scheurholz, vice president and
general manager of the Atlanta Braves.

- OVERSCENE: Chicago Cubs announcer Harry Caray and former Braves pitcher Rick
Camp dining separately at Pano's & Paul's last week . . . the Princess of
Denmark at the equestrian venue last week.

- WHO'S THAT BANGING ON THOSE CANTALOUPES? Publicists for Harry's Farmers Market
aren't messin' around in their promotion of CEO Harry Blazer's (left) drumming
debut Sept. 7 at Atlanta Symphony Hall. In the same flurry of releases that
touts Gwinnett County Harry's Farmers Market as Georgia's Grocer of the Year,
publicists bill Blazer as the "world's best grocer/drummer." (FYI: We're not
sure he's not the world's only grocer/drummer). Blazer is legit, though - he has
played drums since age 8, studied at the prestigious Berklee School of Music in
Boston and played professionally from 1971 to 1979 (Lee Ritenour, Johnny Mathis
and Doc Severinsen were among his gigs) before joining his brother at DeKalb
Farmers Market. Blazer is returning to professional percussion, after 17 years,
for "Harry's Jazz Symphony," featuring Mr. Blazer's All-Star Jazz Ensemble and
the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra. The concert will benefit the ASO and will
include a free selection at intermission of Harry's desserts and coffees.
Tickets range from $ 35 to $ 100. Call Harry's at 770-667- 8878, Ticketmaster at
404-249-6400 or Woodruff Arts Center at 404-733- 5000.

- MADE TO ORDER: This just in . . . Nava executive chef Kevin Rathbun, who has
been invited to cook during a segment of the "Today" show on Labor Day: sun
corn-crusted snapper. He'll display sugar cilantro- cured yellowfish tuna,
tortilla-crusted chicken and green-chile snapper ceviche. Good news is he won't
have to worry about Bryant Gumbel's cheese allergy. Rathbun will be interviewed
by Gumbel understudy Matt Lauer.

- HEAD TO TOE: Now that Jeffrey Kalinsky sells clothes and shoes, what will
become of his annual Shoe Care benefit runway shows? It will just be better
dressed, says Kalinsky - longtime owner of Bob Ellis Shoes at Phipps Plaza and
now owner of Jeffrey and Jil Sander apparel boutiques there. In the five Shoe
Cares that preceded this year's event (8 p.m. Wednesday at the Roxy Theater), a
runway model wore different pairs of shoes with the same outfit. Now Kalinsky
carries Sander, Prada, Richard Tyler and Helmut Lang, so, "each time a model
comes out, she'll be wearing a different outfit." The 90-minute show - a benefit
for the Edgewood AIDS Project and the St. Joseph's Hospital Breast Cancer Mercy
Mobile - will feature 14 models, a '70s theme and video commentary by Kalinsky.
Tickets are $ 250, $ 150 and $ 50. Call: 404-261-7849.

Celebrity news outside Atlanta . . .

- STAGE FRIGHT, STAGE SCHMIGHT: Barbra Streisand will once again lend her pipes
to President Bill Clinton's campaign, singing at a $ 2,500- a-head fund-raiser
next month that will also feature the Eagles and the Neville Brothers. The Sept.
12 event will be held at supermarket tycoon Ron Burkle's Bel-Air estate, which
was home to another Streisand gig for Clinton in 1992. (She also performed at
his 1993 inauguration.) The honcho list throwing the party includes the
Hollywood Women's Political Committee and Hollywood heavyweights Steven
Spielberg, Jeffrey Katzenberg, David Geffen, Norman Lear, Lew Wasserman and
Edgar Bronfman.

- GIVE 'EM HILL: Detroit Pistons star Grant Hill is donating $ 100,000 to help
the Covenant House in New Orleans and Baltimore. The money will help homeless
and at-risk young people ages 16-21. Grant's contribution - $ 50,000 in each
city - came from proceeds from his recent book, "Grant Hill, Change the Game."
"The majority who bought my book were young people, so I wanted to give the
money back to them," Hill said last week in New Orleans. Fila, one of Hill's
sponsors, donated $ 25,000 each to the homes.

If you have an item, call 404-222-8503 or fax to 404-526-5509.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Chris Coleman
 Photo: Harry Blazer

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Eagle (Bryan, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 23, 2009 Thursday

Bryan winery to host festival

BYLINE: Cassie Smith, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 331 words


Apr. 23--A Bryan winery is inviting the community to see its vineyard in bloom
Saturday.

The Messina Hof Winery and Resort will host its annual Wine and Roses Festival
from noon to 6 p.m.

The festival will include a grape-stomping contest, a wine tasting, food tents,
live music and arts and crafts vendors. For the first time, there will also be a
farmers market, from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m.

Messina Hof owner Paul Bonarrigo said the festival is designed to promote
locally grown products, and the addition of the farmers market was a natural
fit.

"It's the safest food you can eat, typically, because it travels the shortest
distance," he said. "You typically know the producer, and it's supporting a
neighbor and it's helping to support the family farm."

The festival typically draws between 2,000 and 3,000 people, Bonarrigo said.

"The vineyard is probably as beautiful as it gets right now," Bonarrigo said.

Messina Hof was established in 1983 and practices the tradition of gauging the
health of its vines by placing a rosebush on the end of each row of grape vines.
The roses are affected by drought before it can reach the vine.

Bonarrigo said Saturday's festival will offer residents a chance to tour the
winery and visit the Vintage House Restaurant and wine bar.

Grape stompers will compete to see who has the "fastest feet" by filling the
most bottles with juice from grapes.

Bonarrigo said the event will give residents an opportunity to understand how
locally grown products are made.

"I think it's all the right things," he said. "You get to taste and feel what
this area is all about."

To see more of The Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theeagle.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090423-EG-Bryan-winery-to-host-festival-0423

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EG


                            Copyright 2009 The Eagle


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              May 11, 2008 Sunday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Farmers market connects to food aid Tower Grove can now process the EBT cards of
people receiving assistance to buy food.

BYLINE: By Georgina Gustin ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 695 words

DATELINE: ST. LOUIS


Leafy greens and plump asparagus sat in bins, and customers toting canvas bags
wandered around, sniffing vegetables and holding them in their hands like
jewels.

Saturday was the first day of the season at the Tower Grove Farmers Market, and
customers poured in for the fresh, locally grown food. In the three years since
it began, the market has become a fixture in this city neighborhood.

But this year the pool of residents who can afford that food will expand beyond
the area's eco-gourmets. Starting next month, a wireless terminal at the market
will allow food-aid recipients to buy fresh produce with the swipe of a card.
The hope is that the technology will connect food-aid recipients with fresh
vegetables and fruits, something often lacking in low-income diets.

"It's just part of our mission," said Patrick Horine, the market manager. "We
want fresh, local food to be available to everyone."

The machine is the first of its kind in St. Louis, and one of at least 10 slated
to come to Missouri farmers markets this season. Last week a similar machine was
installed at the Old Town Farmers Market in Belleville, making it only the
second farmers' market in Illinois to take food stamps electronically.

The first market in Missouri to do so, in Webb City, installed the machine last
year.

"We tend to think of farmers markets as chi-chi with high-end food," said Eileen
Nichols, the market's manager. "But the vast majority of Missouri markets are
designed to serve the whole community."

Over the past two decades, paper food stamps were phased out in favor of
electronic benefits transfer cards, or EBT cards, which store food-stamp credits
and function like debit cards. This has meant that only the few farmers markets
with electricity and telephone lines could accept the new cards.

"When food stamps went from paper to EBT, it automatically locked all those
people out of those markets," explained Don Wambles, president of the Farmers
Market Coalition, a national farmers market advocacy group. "The wireless
technology is opening up a new frontier for farmers markets."

Although some federal food-aid programs, such as one for women and their young
children and another for older adults, have provided vouchers usable at farmers
markets, the biggest chunk of the government's food aid goes to the food stamp
program. The lack of EBT machines made it difficult to connect to that market.

Even after the wireless technology was developed, there were obstacles.

"The biggest problem was the state doesn't provide the technology," Nichols
said. "That means the markets have to come up with the money, and most markets
are run on a shoestring. It's time-consuming, it's labor-consuming. Most markets
don't have those resources."

But private foundations and the U.S. Department of Agriculture freed up grants
for the machines. Now, of the roughly 4,500 farmers markets in the country, 530
can accept food stamps.

More could be on the way.

The farm bill that emerged from Congress on Thursday would boost spending on the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's farmers market program for seniors to $125
million from $75 million, according to Wambles. The department's Farmer's Market
Promotion Program, which provides grants to markets among other things, could
expand from a current $1 million a year in discretionary funds to $33 million in
mandatory funds over the next five years.

(Agriculture Secretary Ed Schafer has said President George W. Bush will veto
the $300 billion bill, which sets the country's food policy for the next five
years, because of his opposition to subsidies paid to wealthy farmers.)

With greater demand for food aid amid skyrocketing fuel and food costs, the
boosts would come at a critical time, proponents say.

"It's a tremendous win-win for farmers and farmers markets," Wambles said.

For Brett Palmier, a vendor at Tower Grove, the technology means his farm in
Edwardsville becomes more sustainable, too, and not just in its organic farming
methodology.

"I think we'll really see an increase in sales," he said. "But I think, also,
it's going to serve a really important social function, which is getting really
healthy food to people of limited means."

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - Al Keuss of Swansea counts the begonias in a tray at the booth run by
Lehr's Vegetable Farm at the Belleville Farmers Market on Saturday. "These are
by far the best-looking begonias," Keuss said.  Emily Rasinski | Post-Dispatch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Mid Devon Gazette Series

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday

New look for farmers' market

SECTION: NEWS:PEOPLE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 242  words


VISITORS to Cullompton's Autumn Food Festival got to see a new look for the
market thanks to an updated logo and gazebos.

The event on Saturday, October 8, also gave visitors the chance to see the new
purple and orange gazebos which organisers hope will provide more space and
cover as well as giving a warmer welcome.

The new look for the market, which includes an update to the logo, is part of
ongoing developments to increase footfall and provide visitors, shoppers and
traders alike with a diverse and dynamic market.

Unable to find the perfect premises for a pannier-type market, the market
committee came up with the idea of multi-use gazebos and Mid Devon District
Council were in agreement and supported the solution.

For 12 months market volunteers have been running the market to raise funds to
help with the new purchase and are very proud of the success this fundraising
has been.

A spokesperson for the market said: "We have some very loyal customers, but need
to increase the footfall so this is our next mission.

"The next stage of development will not only assist traders, but will also help
raise the profile of Cullompton within the Westcountry and beyond."

The project will include a food map, information on traders, and promotion of
the Farmers' Market through media and events.

The next Farmers' Market is on Saturday, November 12, 9.30am to 12.30pm, in the
High Street, with free parking in St Andrew's car park for up to three hours.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Gloucester Citizen

                                  May 17, 2004

Balloon goes up for market promotion

SECTION: News; Consumer; Food/Household; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 245 words


Made in Stroud Ltd is looking to join forces with city companies to fund
helium-filled balloons to promote the now weekly event.  The balloons, to be
given out to children and young people visiting the market, would include space
for the name of the company sponsoring them.

Clare Gerbrands of Made in Stroud said a week's worth of balloons would cost
£200.

"It's a way for businesses in Gloucester to publicise themselves and the
farmers' market and to attract more customers into the city centre every
Friday," she said.

"We have already had a couple of offers.

"This is just part of our marketing strategy to make sure people get the message
that Gloucester Farmers' Market now takes place in the Gloucester gate streets
every Friday." The £200 sponsorship fee would solely pay for 200 balloons, Mrs
Gerbrands added.

"The costs of running the market and basic publicity are met by the
stallholders," she said.

Gloucester Farmers' Market is the first event in the county to go weekly.

The popular market was previously held on the first and third Friday of the
month.

Made in Stroud hopes going weekly will cut out any confusion as to when the
event is being held and enable the people of Gloucester to enjoy fresh food
produced within 30 miles of Gloucester every week.

For more information on the balloons call Made in Stroud on 01453 758 060. More
information on farmers' markets is available on www.foodlinks.info.


LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2004 The Gloucester Citizen


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             June 6, 2013 Thursday

Sales brisk at Copper St. Farmers' Market

BYLINE: By Terry Meyers for the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 305 words


With vegetable season in the beginning stages, the Copper Street Farmers' Market
has begun its' sixth annual year of bringing fresh produce to the Deming
community. The Farmers market has been a member of the New Mexico Farmers'
Association for the past five years.

The beginning of the season usually starts a bit light with vegetables, but as
the season progresses freshly grown crops become more abundant. The season
strongly starts picking up from July through the end of the October, during the
harvest.

"We are expecting a great season and we are proud to offer locally grown produce
at a reasonable cost," coordinator of the event Page said. "Right now, we have
beets, kale, sugar snap peas, yellow squash, zucchini and fresh baked goods."

The public can also find at the market apricots, bags of pecans and fresh eggs.

Susan Peters has set up her booth for the past six years, selling her many
home-baked goods. She is well-known for her quick cakes, with flavors of
raspberry banana, blueberry cinnamon and pineapple carrot cake, just to name a
few. Peters also bakes pistachio short bread wedges.

"I can make special orders for people from my large list of bake goods," Peters
said.

This year, the market has added a new unlimited crafters market area. Spaces are
available for any person wanting to sell their crafts.

The produce and crafters market fee is based on five percent of the persons
total daily sales. That five percent goes toward the promotion of the market.

Vendors are encouraging the public to come back week-to-week because of the
ever-changing produce growing seasons.

The farmers market is open from 9 a.m. to noon on Wednesdays and Saturdays, from
June 5 through the end of harvest season which is toward the end of October.The
market is located at 216 S. Copper. For more information call Page at
(575)546-1861.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Terry Meyers -Headlight Photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           September 25, 2009 Friday

Markets Manager From Grassroots

BYLINE: Karen Wilson

SECTION: A; Pg. 66

LENGTH: 331 words


KATHRYN Potts has been appointed manager for the newly-formed North East of
England's Farmers Markets (NEEFM).

Having been both a market trader selling her own organic bread, and a market
manager, Kathryn is well placed to represent all the stakeholders involved in
organising a successful market.

She will be responsible for working with Farmers' Markets throughout the North
East, from the Yorkshire border to the Scottish borders.

In her new role with NEEFM Kathryn will draw on her vast experience to manage
the £100,000 Big Lottery-funded  project.  She will also be encouraging more
producers to use the markets as a selling platform while raising consumer
awareness of local food and drink.

By emphasising the social, environmental and health benefits of eating local,
fresh, seasonal produce, NEEFM aims to create a long term sustainable future for
its members.

Originally from Yorkshire, Kathryn's interest in food began early. Aged 11 she
was selling bread from a stall in Barnsley market.

As a student, she trained in nutrition and her subsequent career path has
continued to combine these early interests in food and commerce.

She has also been involved in several overseas projects as well as being
instrumental in obtaining Fair Trade status for Alnwick in Northumberland, the
market town she now calls home.

"We want the local Farmers' Market to be the first place people think of when
buying their food," she said.

"As a nutritionist I know that this fresh, unadulterated food is some of the
healthiest around and as a business woman I know how important thriving markets
are to the local economy, not just to the market traders but the whole town."

Kathryn was a founder member of Local Living, the social enterprise responsible
for the operation of Alnwick Farmers' Market.

In a career dedicated to the promotion of local food, she has organised training
courses for small producers, instigated food awards for hospitality providers
and produced a directory of local produce.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           December 13, 2012 Thursday

Ritual makes some menu changes

BYLINE: Barbara M. Houle, SPECIAL TO THE TELEGRAM & GAZETTE

SECTION: GO!; TABLE HOPPIN'; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1805 words


The month of December is flying by, but diners still have time to cash in on
some of the special promotions at Ritual, 281 Main St., Worcester.

For starters, if you attend an event at The Hanover Theatre for the Performing
Arts, Mechanics Hall, or the DCU Center, all in Worcester, show your ticket stub
to receive a free appetizer or dessert at Ritual. The offer is good through Dec.
30.

The restaurant will give diners a choice of a "surprise gift" when they bring in
an unwrapped toy in December. The toys will be donated to Why Me & Sherry's
House, a Worcester-based nonprofit organization created to help Central New
England families cope with childhood cancer.

Ritual opened in February 2011 with three owners. Russ Watson, an original
owner, has operated the business with his wife, Melissa, since February 2012.

There have been many changes in the operation since the couple took over. New
wait staff has been added, the menu has changed, and prices have been lowered,
according to Melissa Watson. "We listened to customers, and we are working very
hard to accommodate their requests," she said. "Service is a priority."

Mark Lauzon now heads the wait staff and does training. He previously worked at
other local restaurants.

Sean McCabe, chef at Ritual, said the dining is considered eclectic, with
innovative American influences.

The Chocolate Bacon on the Mezze/Appetizers section of the menu always is a big
hit with diners, according to the chef. A Flat Iron Steak, smothered in mushroom
and caramelized onions with smashed Yukon potatoes, is among the new dishes.
Pasta dishes and pizza also have been added.

"There is variety and value in the new menu," said Watson. "Quality of dishes is
consistent."

Ritual recently began offering a lunch buffet from 11:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. Tuesday
through Friday. Cost is $9.95 per person, including a beverage. Buffet items
change regularly, according to the chef.

Restaurant hours: 11:30 a.m. to 10 p.m. Tuesday through Thursday; 4 to 11 p.m.
Saturdays. The restaurant is closed Sundays and Mondays, but will open for
private parties and functions. Seating in the dining room and bar is 145.

"Management and the chef are happy to work with customers, customizing menus to
meet specific budgets," said Watson. "We are very open to prix fixe menus."

Telephone: (508) 762-9501; www.ritualworcester.com. Ritual will honor the WOO
card in 2013.

FYI: Melissa Watson's parents, Mike and Maria O'Connor, own and operate Marie
and Michael's Catering, and formerly operated the City Lights Restaurant and Bar
in Worcester.

Added note: Congratulations to Sean McCabe and his wife, Eliana, on the recent
birth of a daughter. Eliana McCabe also is on the culinary team at Ritual.

Don't hesitate to fill out a comment card at Ritual, if asked. You'll be glad
you did. That's all I am going to say!

This month, Skyline Bistro at Worcester Technical High School, One Skyline
Drive, Worcester, features a dish from executive chef Joseph Wong of the Sole
Proprietor in Worcester.

Oven Baked Crab Cake, $5.95, with an Asian slaw and spicy mayonnaise is offered
on the menu in addition to other bistro specials.

The bistro hours are 10:30 a.m. to 12:15 p.m. Gift cards are available.

Sutton Wines & Liquors, 160 Worcester-Providence Turnpike, Sutton, will have its
Christmas Grand Wine & Beer Holiday Tasting Event from 4 to 7 p.m. Dec. 15.

Light appetizers will be served, and there will be discount pricing on the night
of the event.

Bring a new, unwrapped toy for Toys for Tots.

MassGrown has announced that the Winter Farmers Market season is in full swing
with 40 market sites located throughout the state.

The markets feature Massachusetts grown and produced products such as eggs,
produce, cheese, meat, wine, bread, baked goods and confectioneries.

Visit www.mass.gov/agr/massgrown/farmers_markets.htm for a list of winter
markets, which includes The Worcester Winter Farmers Market, 9 Mann St., Beaver
Brook Park Building, open from 10:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Sundays.

New England Coffee recently launched a "holiday grind" online store promotion
that will last through Dec. 31.

The splash page site is www.newenglandcoffee.com/holiday. Shoppers simply select
their coffee of choice and put it through the interactive coffee grinder, which
provides four grinding options, including "Shipping is a Drag," "Bargain is my
Jargon," "Swag is my Bag" and "Surprise Me."

Based on the grind selection, customers will receive free products, or $1
shipping.

Try it out!

"Desserts in Jars: 50 Sweet Treats that Shine" (Harvard Common Press, $16.95) by
Shaina Olmanson is a holiday gift idea for anyone who loves to bake.

The author includes 50 recipes for inventive sweet treats in small packages,
detailing delicious mixes such as Espresso Brownie Mix, Spiced Hot Chocolate Mix
With Cinnamon Marshmallows and Cinnamon Coffee Cake Mix.

The book is available at Barnes & Noble, Amazon, etc.

Enjoy a recipe from the book, Cinnamon Coffee Cake Mix:

Mix together 2 cups all- purpose flour, 1 teaspoon baking soda, 1 teaspoon
baking powder and 1-1/2 teaspoons ground cinnamon in a bowl. Place in a 1-quart
jar. Top with a layer of 1/2 cup cinnamon chips. Note: Hershey's is a common
brand of cinnamon chips.

Mix together 1 cup sugar and vanilla bean seeds scraped from one vanilla bean
pod and add as a layer in the jar. Top with 1/2 cup chopped pecans. Makes 1 jar
of cake mix, to yield one 9-inch-square cake. Seal with the lid, decorate the
jar, if you like, and attach a label with these instructions for the recipient:

To Make Cinnamon Coffee Cake: Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour a
9-inch square, baking pan. Mix together 8 tablespoons (1 stick) unsalted butter,
softened, 2 large eggs and 1 cup sour cream or Greek-style yogurt in a large
bowl until well blended. Stir in all the contents of the jar, then slowly stir
in 1/4 cup whole milk. Pour into the prepared pan and bake for 30 to 35 minutes,
until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. Remove from the oven
and let cool slightly. Serve warm.

The annual Gingerbread Castle Competition at Higgins Armory, 100 Barber Ave.,
Worcester, will take place from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Dec. 15.

The contest attracts professional and amateur bakers who compete for titles in
their respective divisions. Museum guests help decide the winners.

Admission: $12 for adults; $7 for children ages 4 to 16; free for children 3 and
younger.

"Over the last couple of years we've seen some pretty amazing creations entered
into our contests," said Suzanne Maas, Higgins' interim director. "Every year,
we try to come up with something new for the competition. With the addition of
the judges' panel, we expect the jousting to be even fiercer this year."

The museum's Great Hall will be the staging area for the competition, which
takes place from 10 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Competition will be divided into two
divisions: professional and amateur, with the winners being decided by a
combination of visitor votes and judges' selection.

I am on the judges' panel with John Lawrence, executive chef/owner of Pepper's
Fine Catering in Northboro, and Janet Amorello, vice president of marketing at
UniBank. We look forward to the competition.

Voting closes at 2:30 p.m.; winners will be announced at 3 p.m.

Prizes: People's Choice: Ribbon and $100 gift check; Judges' Professional
Choice: Custom trophy and $100 gift check; Judges' Amateur Choice: Custom trophy
and $100 gift check.

"Not only do visitors get to enjoy the creativity and skills of our contestants,
but they also get to help determine the outcome of the competition," said Maas.

There also will be musical performances by classical guitarist Carl Kamp, who
will perform from 10 a.m. to 1:30 p.m., and a capella caroling by the Master
Singers of Worcester, 1 to 2 p.m.

For a $1 donation, children can decorate a gingerbread cookie. Culinary
creativity at its best!

Free parking is available in the museum lot. For more information about the
competition, call (508) 853-6015; visit www.higgins.org.

See you there!

Georgetown Cupcake will hold a Holiday Decorating Workshop from 2 to 4 p.m. Dec.
22 at the Four Seasons Boston, 200 Boylston St., Boston.

Participants will frost, decorate and gift-wrap their own "Christmas or Hanukkah
Dozen" to take home, with flavors such as gingerbread, white chocolate
peppermint, chocolate peppermint, butterscotch pudding, Christmas caramel,
holiday lava fudge, English Christmas cake, Rudolph red velvet, Santa's
chocolate chip, snowball, egg nog and red mitten vanilla buttercream.

Event cost is $65 per person. Reservations are required. Call the Georgetown
Cupcake Newbury Street store, (617) 927-2250, or send email to
newbury@georgetowncupcake.com to reserve a spot. For more information, visit
www.georgetowncupcake.com.

Thomas' Bagel and English Muffins have released its Limited Edition Cranberry
seasonal items, which will be available in stores through Jan. 5.

Options: Thomas' Cranberry Bagels, 260 calories per bagel; Thomas' Cranberry
English Muffins, 150 calories per muffin.

A holiday sandwich idea: Toast 1 Thomas Cranberry Bagel; place 3 slices turkey
on bottom half of bagel. Spoon 1/4 cup stuffing and "smother" in 1 tablespoon of
gravy. Place 1 small bunch of arugula on top of stuffing and replace other half
of the bagel.

A diner commented to me that she and a companion recently went to a well-known
steakhouse (in the suburbs) for dinner.

"Of course, we both ordered steaks because the place is known for them," she
said.

The short version of the story is that the diner's steak was so rare she
couldn't eat it. "The mashed potatoes on the plate turned red," she said.

Ugh!

The restaurant was busy, and the diner said she was unable to flag anyone down.
When she finally told the waitress she couldn't eat the meal because the meat
was "raw," the waitress said, "I'll wrap the steak up, and you can cook it at
home."

I don't know about you, but if I wanted to cook a steak, I would have stayed
home rather than opting to eat out.

And, no complimentary slice of cake would have made me a happy diner.

In fact, last weekend I was among the "not so happy" diners.

Joined five friends for dinner at a small, new ethnic restaurant in the city. We
ordered four "specialty" appetizers for tasting and waited 45 minutes (I'm being
kind) to be served. The apps arrived cold, and we were told the oven in the
kitchen wasn't working "right."

Dinner took more time, and my entree, short ribs, should have been reheated. I
didn't warm up to the cold rice, either.

The place is BYOB, so by this time you have to know the wine corks were popping.

The chef/owner owner came over to the table to apologize and told us she was the
only one in the kitchen. Good thing the place wasn't filled to capacity.

I'll end it there.

If you have a tidbit for this column, call (508) 868-5282. Send email to
bhoulefood@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Ritual owners Russ and Melissa Watson pose with a sampling from the menu:
almond-crusted lamb, oysters on the half shell and tuna sashimi. Their drinks
are Pineapple Cake-tini and Cucumber-tini.
T&G Staff/CHRISTINE PETERSON

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Goldendale Sentinel (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 25, 2012

Farmers Market looks to follow up on last years progress

BYLINE: The Goldendale Sentinel staff

LENGTH: 525  words


As the opening day for the Goldendale Farmers' Market approaches on May 12, the
question is raised: are farmers' markets a sign of a vibrant community?

In 2011 the Gorge saw the emergence of two new markets and an additional day
added to an existing market. The Goldendale market transitioned from being a
Saturday Market to a Farmers' Market and joined the Washington State Farmers'
Market association. This allowed the market to be featured in statewide
directories for markets and acquire low-cost liability insurance. All these
changes have been positive, but the Market reports they have not all been
sustainable.

The Lyle market is struggling with the time their market was held, Saturday
afternoon. They wanted the support from the Gorge Grown Network and the food
truck but it was only available to them on Saturday afternoon. Saturday morning
the truck is scheduled in Stevenson at their market. The new market in Mosier
gets help on Sunday, and from all accounts their market has been very
successful. The Dalles farmers' market, traditionally held on Saturday morning,
added a market day on Wednesday evenings. It is not clear whether that will
continue or not due to lower attendance in the evening.

Timing of a market day, research shows, is important. Small communities don't
seem to be able to support more than one market day a week.

Evening markets are great events to socialize at but sometimes the sales are not
as good as morning markets. Goldendale's market on Saturday may not fit with
every-one's schedule between church and other activities, but the extended hours
from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. offer more opportunities for shoppers.

Last year the Prosser Farmers Market was voted as one of the five best markets
in the Washington State Famers Market Association. The criteria it was judged on
was its part in the community in bringing together farmers and consumers in
innovative ways, providing strong sales for farmers and vendors, educational
programs and a promotion of fresh, locally-grown food.

These are all goals of the Goldendale Farmers' Market, organizers say In fact,
the Goldendale Market is unique in presenting activities and demonstrations
every week for the public. The Ekone Park kitchen facility has allowed the
market to hold chef demonstrations. In this respect, the market and its
activities increase awareness and business activity for local business and
community groups.

The Healthy Peoples Alliance and the Backpack for Kids Program are currently
partnering with the market on programs to provide nutritious food for Goldendale
residents.

With the Goldendale Market transition last year, a market manager was hired to
handle the day-to-day operations of the market. Research has shown that small-
to midsize markets that hire a manager end up growing faster and are more
connected to the community than markets that rely entirely on volunteers. As the
market grows, vendors sales improve and jobs are created.

One gauge for growth in the local economy might be to look at the Farmers'
Market. If the market does well, it means people are supporting the local
agricultural suppliers and moving more money around the area.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLD

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 The Goldendale Sentinel


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 2013 The School of Law Texas Tech University
                     Texas Tech Administrative Law Journal

                                   Fall, 2013

                     Texas Tech Administrative Law Journal

                         15 Tex. Tech. Admin. L. J. 231

LENGTH: 14732 words

COMMENT: A Raw Deal: Why Texas Should Relax and Let Dairies Bring Their Milk
Into Town

NAME: by Megan Loder

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Both the legislature and the Texas Department of State Health Services
(TDSHS) ignored consumer requests to amend raw milk regulations in a way that
would improve access to raw milk without increasing health risks.  ... This
comment will discuss the raw milk and cottage food industries and provide a
recommendation for future regulatory changes.  ... The six plaintiffs all
purchased raw milk in states where the sale of raw milk is legal and transported
it for personal or family use to states where consumption of raw milk may be
legal, but its sale is not.  ... State regulations generally fit into one of
four categories: states that prohibit raw milk sales, states that allow sales
directly from the producing farm, states that allow herd share arrangements, and
states that allow retail sales-although a few states do deviate from these
general regulatory categories. a.  ... Raw Milk Risks Raw milk causes a
disproportionate percentage of milk-related foodborne illnesses.  ... On the
other hand, those who support widespread availability of raw milk point to
misinterpreted safety statistics and the inherent benefits of raw milk-benefits
destroyed by the high heat of pasteurization.  ... HB 75 (now HB 46) proposes a
change in which consumers can purchase raw milk; instead of purchasing the milk
directly from the producing farm-which may be an hour or more outside an urban
area-consumers may purchase the milk from the producing farm at farmers' markets
or by delivery arrangement.

TEXT:
 [*231]

   I. Introduction


   Despite Food and Drug Administration (FDA) warnings that raw milk is not safe
for human consumption, no federal laws or regulations entirely ban the sale of
raw milk. n1 Outside of a ban on the sale of raw milk across state lines,
[*232]  the FDA has largely left regulation to individual states. n2 State
regulations vary; currently, Texas consumers may only purchase raw milk directly
from the producing farm. n3 Both the legislature and the Texas Department of
State Health Services (TDSHS) ignored consumer requests to amend raw milk
regulations in a way that would improve access to raw milk without increasing
health risks. n4 At the same time, the TDSHS recently issued regulations that
allow cottage food businesses to operate with little to no regulation. n5 The
manner in which the TDSHS has handled these two types of food regulations
demonstrates an inconsistent application of policy considerations concerning
food safety, promotion of small agriculture, consumer rights, and environmental
consciousness. n6 By adopting the regulatory changes consumer advocates
proposed, the TDSHS would remedy this inconsistent application without posing
any additional health risks to consumers. n7


   This comment will discuss the raw milk and cottage food industries and
provide a recommendation for future regulatory changes. n8 Part II discusses the
history of milk pasteurization and provides a national survey of state raw milk
regulations. n9 Part III discusses regulation of cottage food businesses. n10
Part IV examines the policies that the TDSHS should consider when drafting food
regulations, specifically the balance between food safety and food sovereignty.
n11 Part V provides recommendations for future agency action in light of the
policy consideration in Part IV. n12


   II. The Skinny on Raw Milk


   A. What Is Raw Milk?


   Consumers drink raw milk "as is"; unlike the milk found in the dairy case at
the corner grocery store, the producer has not pasteurized the milk. n13 Raw
milk had no market competition until 1864, when Louis Pasteur developed a
process that killed the bacteria in milk by heating it. n14 This technique did
not gain widespread popularity until early in the twentieth century, when the
move away from farming communities and towards urban populations resulted in
[*233]  longer delivery distances and unsanitary storage conditions for milk.
n15 Milk regulations became commonplace by 1920. n16 Despite the passage of
time, some people are still skeptical of pasteurization, believing that it, at
best, strips the milk of nutritional value and at worst, can "cause lactose
intolerance and allergic reactions." n17 The FDA and many other food safety
organizations disagree with those who still choose to consume raw milk and
actively promote awareness of the dangers of consuming raw milk. n18 Yet,
despite warnings from the FDA and others, the number of people who consume raw
milk is rising, and raw milk advocates continue to assert their belief that raw
milk is not only safe for consumption but also has many potential health
benefits. n19


   B. A Survey of Raw Milk Regulation


   1. Federal Regulation


   In 1924, the U.S. Public Health Service introduced the Standard Milk
Ordinance. n20 The FDA now controls this model rule, known as the Grade A
Pasteurized Milk Ordinance (PMO). n21 This ordinance does not carry the weight
of law; it serves as "a 'grass-roots' consensus of current knowledge and
experiences and as such represents a practical and equitable milk sanitation
standard for the nation." n22 However, federal agencies and state governments
alike have adopted the PMO as law. n23 In fact, Texas itself has adopted the PMO
into its system of raw milk regulation. n24 Despite concerns about raw milk
safety, however, the PMO merely lays out sanitation standards for raw milk; it
does not prohibit its sale. n25


   Requests made to the FDA to ban the sale of raw milk in interstate commerce
went unheeded in 1973 and 1982; the FDA finally promulgated a rule under
judicial order in 1987. n26 Although the FDA has yet to promulgate a rule
prohibiting raw milk sales, the rule passed in 1987 states that "[n]o person
[*234]  shall cause to be delivered into interstate commerce or shall sell,
otherwise distribute, or hold for sale or other distribution after shipment in
interstate commerce any milk or milk product . . . unless the product has been
pasteurized . . . ." n27 The proper interpretation of this rule has been the
subject of litigation, controversy, and even civil disobedience by a group of
health- conscious moms. n28


   The Farm-To-Consumer Legal Defense Fund recently brought suit along with of a
number of raw milk consumers seeking an injunction against enforcement of the
interstate raw milk regulations. n29 The six plaintiffs all purchased raw milk
in states where the sale of raw milk is legal and transported it for personal or
family use to states where consumption of raw milk may be legal, but its sale is
not. n30 Although this activity is technically a violation of FDA regulations,
the district court dismissed the case after finding that there was no "threat of
injury in fact." n31 In a press release, the FDA stated that "[it] has never
taken, nor does it intend to take, enforcement action against an individual who
purchased and transported raw milk across state lines solely for his or her own
personal consumption." n32


   As an added precaution against the FDA enforcing any of the federal food
regulations, Michigan introduced a bill that, if passed, would "prohibit federal
regulation of food, food producers, and food production in intrastate commerce .
. . ." n33 However, the Michigan Committee on Agriculture has held this bill for
consideration since February 2012. n34

     [*235]

   2. Breakdown of Types of State Regulation


   Because the federal government has remained largely silent on raw milk
regulation, states have a great deal of latitude in regulating raw milk sales.
n35 Currently, twenty states prohibit raw milk sales for human consumption,
while it is still legal in thirty states. n36 Of the twenty states that prohibit
sales, however, eight choose to allow operation of herd share programs, and one
allows the sale of raw milk products. n37 State regulations generally fit into
one of four categories: states that prohibit raw milk sales, states that allow
sales directly from the producing farm, states that allow herd share
arrangements, and states that allow retail sales-although a few states do
deviate from these general regulatory categories. n38


   a. States That Prohibit Raw Milk Sales


   Raw milk sales are illegal in twenty states. n39 Of these states, the
following currently flatly prohibit all sales of raw milk and raw milk products:
Delaware, Florida, Hawaii, Indiana, Iowa, Louisiana, Maryland, Michigan,
Montana, New Jersey, North Dakota, Ohio, West Virginia, and Wyoming. n40
Alabama, Alaska, Georgia, North Carolina, and Tennessee each have unique
provisions that allow either the sale of raw cheese, the sale of raw milk for
pet food, or the operation of a herd share program expressly or through a
loophole in the statute. n41 Many of these states have active consumer campaigns
to legalize raw milk sales. n42 However, as federal regulations have
demonstrated, a restriction on raw milk sales does not necessarily mean a
restriction on private consumption. n43

     [*236]

   b. States That Allow Sales Directly from the Producing Farm


   Thirteen states-including Texas-allow the sale of raw milk directly from the
producing farm. n44 One of these states-Arkansas-only allows the sale of raw
goat milk, and Kentucky and Rhode Island require a prescription. n45 Three other
states-Minnesota, Oklahoma, and Wisconsin-allow only "incidental" or
"occasional" sales from the producing farm. n46 The remaining states that allow
sales from the farm without significant further restriction include Illinois,
Kansas, Massachusetts, Nebraska, New York, Oklahoma, and Texas. n47


   c. States That Allow Herd Share Arrangements


   Some producers choose to sell raw milk through herd share arrangements,
sometimes as a means of circumventing existing regulations that prohibit sales.
n48 In a herd share arrangement, the consumer actually owns a cow or part of a
cow. n49 In exchange for a regularly paid fee, the producer boards and cares for
the cow, while supplying the consumer with a proportionate share of the milk.
n50


   States use differing methods to regulate herd shares. n51 In Alaska,
Colorado, Ohio, and Tennessee, statutes, regulations, or court decisions
explicitly allow herd shares. n52 In Colorado, farms do not need to undergo
regular product testing or dairy inspections; the farm only needs to register
with the state. n53 Washington, on the other hand-which also allows retail sales
directly from the farm-requires milk testing and regular inspections in order to
operate a herd share program. n54 However, in many other states-including
Alabama, Indiana, Kentucky, and Virginia-the state governments are aware that
herd share programs exist and neither expressly allow nor forbid the  [*237]
practice. n55 In addition, at least one dairy in Texas advertises herd shares,
even though Texas law does not explicitly address the practice. n56


   d. States That Allow Raw Milk Sales in Retail Stores


   Eleven states allow raw milk sales from retail locations. n57 These states
include Arizona, California, Idaho, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Pennsylvania,
Utah, and South Carolina. n58 However, these states place strict food safety and
testing requirements on producers. n59 California, for example, currently only
licenses two producers to sell raw milk at retail. n60 The larger of these two
retailers, Organic Pastures, has faced numerous product recalls over the last
five years due to illnesses caused by contaminated milk. n61 Despite the dairy's
negative publicity over the recalls, the dairy recently filed suit against the
FDA for the agency's failure to respond to requests to lift its interstate ban
on the sale of raw milk. n62 The FDA has left Organic Pasture's request pending
since the agency received it in 2008. n63


   e. "Oddball" States


   A few states have hybrid regulations, which do not fit into any of the
typical categories. n64 If Texas were to pass the proposed regulations allowing
raw milk sales at farmers markets, it would move into this category. n65 Oregon,
for example, allows sale of raw goat milk in retail stores but limits sale of
raw cow milk to the producing farm and only if the producer has a small herd.
n66 Both South Dakota and Vermont allow raw milk sales from the producing farm,
[*238]  although Vermont places a forty gallon per day limit on sales. n67
Missouri also allows raw milk delivery to the consumer. n68


   3. Texas


   Currently, producers in Texas can only sell raw milk directly from the farm.
n69 Specifically, the provision states that:


   Raw milk may be sold by the milk producer directly to the consumer only at
the point of production, i.e., at the farm, provided that such producer has been
issued a Grade A Raw for Retail Milk Permit in accordance with § 217.91 of this
title (relating to Permits), and complies with all the sections in this chapter
relating to Grade A Raw for Retail Milk. n70


   The TDSHS oversees the regulation of milk safety and dairy licensure through
its Milk Group. n71 Currently, the Milk Group licenses 482 producing farms in
Texas but only 53 dairies hold raw milk licenses. n72 In order to obtain a Grade
A Raw for Retail permit, a dairy must apply for a license, undergo prelicensing
inspections, and pay an $ 800 licensing fee for a two-year license. n73


   Once a dairy obtains a raw milk license, it must adhere to the safety and
testing requirements for raw milk found in the Texas Administrative Code. n74
These detailed safety requirements include provisions for visual inspection of
the milk and milk cow for signs of infections or secretions, requirements
regarding the cleanliness of the barn and milk areas; specifications for
construction of the facility, and containment and storage requirements. n75 In
addition to the required quarterly inspections that every dairy must undergo,
raw milk dairies must also "permit access of officially designated persons to
all parts of the establishment or facilities to determine compliance with the
provisions of these sections." n76 Raw milk dairies must also "furnish the
[*239]  department, upon request, for official use only, a true statement of the
actual quantities of milk sold, records of inspections, and temperature
records." n77


   The new regulations-proposed by consumer advocates-would allow farmers to
sell raw milk at farmers' markets and to deliver raw milk to the consumer's
home. n78 Proponents of this type of change maintain that allowing raw milk
sales at farmers markets would reduce the potential contamination risk inherent
in consumers transporting raw milk home from the farm at potentially dangerous
high temperatures; the inference is that farmers will be more likely to take the
actions necessary to keep raw milk at a temperature low enough to prevent
bacterial growth during transport. n79


   C. Regulatory Changes on the Horizon n80


   Advocates of raw milk sales have begun pushing for less restrictive
regulation of raw milk sales. n81 In 2009, a number of advocacy groups reached
out to the TDSHS with recommendations for updated regulations. n82 The proposal
did not "recommend[] any changes to the extensive regulations placed on Grade A
producers that address health and safety concerns." n83 In fact, rather than
decreasing the safety measures in place, the regulations increase safety "by
ensuring that raw dairy is kept at a safe temperature during transport from the
mostly rural farms to the population centers . . . ." n84 The proposed
regulatory changes also had a beneficial environmental impact by allowing for
one trip to a population center by the producer rather than many trips made by
customers. n85 However, the TDSHS did not adopt the proposed regulation,
insisting that the legislature would need to pass down any changes. n86 The
TDSHS's refusal to adopt the proposed regulations led the Farm and Ranch Freedom
Alliance (FARFA) and other advocacy groups to take the issue before the Texas
legislature. n87

     [*240]

   The Texas house introduced House Bill 75 (HB 75) during the 82nd legislative
session; the Bill loosely mirrored the changes proposed to the TDSHS two years
earlier. n88 HB 75 would allow:


   [A] person who holds a permit that authorizes the person to sell raw milk or
raw milk products at retail may make retail sales of raw milk or raw milk
products directly to a consumer in this state at: (1) the permit holder's place
of business; (2) the consumer's residence; or (3) any other location where
producers customarily sell their products directly to consumers, including a
farmers' market, farm stand, flea market, food cooperative, or fair. n89


   HB 75 died at the end of the 2011 legislative session-perhaps in part due to
testimony regarding the lawsuit against Lavon Farms. n90 However,
legislators-with the full backing of FARFA and other consumer advocacy
organizations- have reintroduced the bill in the 2013 legislative session as
House Bill 46 (HB 46). n91


   Other states are also contemplating changes to the way they regulate raw milk
sales. n92 Indiana and Wisconsin both currently prohibit raw milk sales. n93 The
Governor of Wisconsin, however, commissioned a report on recommended raw milk
safety standards after he vetoed a bill that would have legalized raw milk
sales. n94 The report "recommended that a package of standards be imposed on raw
milk dairies as a replacement or substitute for pasteurization." n95 Indiana is
now seeking similar safety recommendations by the Indiana Board of Animal Health
as a "plan B, . . . to offer the best benefit for folks as far as public health
goes," in case Indiana ever legalizes raw milk sales. n96


   The end of the 2012 legislative session left many raw milk bills pending,
including a bill in Iowa that would permit the sale of raw milk directly from
the farm or by delivery to the consumer and a bill in Oklahoma that would allow
sale from the producing farm or at farmers' markets. n97

     [*241]

   III. Cottage Food Laws


   At the same time the Texas house introduced HB 75, it also considered a bill-
which eventually passed-that would allow the operation of a cottage food
business. n98 Like HB 75, the cottage food bill and the subsequent regulatory
changes-promulgated by the TDSHS-promote the growth of small businesses without
introducing additional, unnecessary health risks to the consumer. n99 The
cottage food bill, contrasted with the raw milk bill, is one example of uneven
application of the relevant policy considerations that this article will discuss
further in later sections. n100


   A. What Is a Cottage Food Business?


   The term "cottage" refers to a home. n101 Essentially, cottage food
regulations are "employed by a state government to establish a legal arrangement
for low risk food production prepared at a home residence." n102


   A cottage food business, according to the new regulations in the Texas
Administrative Code, is:


   [a]n individual, operating out of the individual's home, who: (A) produces a
baked good, a canned jam or jelly, or a dried herb or herb mix for sale at the
person's home; (B) has an annual gross income of $ 50,000 or less from the sale
of this food described [above . . . ]; and (C) sells foods . . . only directly
to consumers. n103


   A simple example of a cottage food business owner would be someone who bakes
and sells wedding cakes out of the owner's home as a supplement to an existing
income. n104


   Baked goods that the government usually allows business owners to sell in
cottage food operations (such as cookies, cakes, and spice packages) are not
likely to introduce consumers to food-borne illnesses "because they are not able
[*242]  to support the growth of potentially harmful organisms and do not
require refrigeration." n105 Foods that are unsafe for a cottage food business
include "those with a pH above 4.6 or a water activity above 0.85." n106 "Foods
with animal origin ingredients (milk, eggs, etc.)" are especially likely to grow
potentially harmful bacteria. n107 Although some baked goods can be hazardous
(such as puddings or meringues because of their high water content), cookies,
sweet breads, cakes, and fruit pies are usually safe due to their low water
level and low pH. n108


   B. Cottage Food Regulations


   Thirty-five states currently have cottage food laws. n109 Three states have
laws currently pending and twelve states do not have laws that allow for cottage
food operations. n110 Of the states with cottage food laws, five states place
extensive restrictions on the operation of a cottage food business. n111 For
example, Alabama only allows the sale of low-risk baked goods at non-profit
events and state-operated farmers' markets. n112 New York does not allow
operation of a cottage food business per se but does allow farmers "to operate a
home-based food processing business." n113 A closer examination of the
regulation reveals policies similar to those in Texas; operators may make baked
goods, jams, jellies, etc., but they may not make "specialty items, such as
birthday cakes, per order." n114


   The cottage food regulations recently issued by Texas require a basic label
and also that "[i]f the food contains one of the six major food allergens-eggs,
[n]uts, soy, peanuts, milk, or wheat-that ingredient must be listed on the
label." n115 The bill only allows sales directly from the home. n116 Although
the  [*243]  regulations were initially going to allow sales from farmers'
markets, lawmakers removed that provision before the bill could pass in the
house. n117


   IV. Policy Considerations


   The TDSHS and the Texas legislature should consider two broad, sometimes
conflicting, policy concerns when evaluating raw milk or any other type of food
regulation. n118 These concerns essentially boil down to the balance between
food safety and food sovereignty. n119


   A. Food Safety


   Food safety is a top priority for the TDSHS, which promulgates the raw milk
regulations in Texas. n120 The Milk Group's "primary mission . . . is to ensure
the public has a safe and wholesome milk supply." n121 The Milk Group
accomplishes its goals by enforcing existing statutes and regulations, analyzing
milk samples for safety, and inspecting and maintaining records of all permitted
dairies. n122 Although The Milk Group's goal may be a safe milk supply, experts
disagree on both the purported risks and benefits of raw milk and where the line
should be after balancing the risks and the benefits. n123 While organizations
such as the FDA vehemently warn against the dangers of raw milk consumption, raw
milk advocacy groups maintain that the many benefits outweigh what advocates
consider to be minimal risks. n124


   1. Raw Milk Risks


   Raw milk causes a disproportionate percentage of milk-related foodborne
illnesses. n125 In fact, "83[%] of milk foodborne illness outbreaks are from raw
milk, yet an estimated 5 to 10 million Americans drink raw milk." n126 The FDA
posted a bulletin warning consumers of the dangers of raw milk products  [*244]
compared to any proposed benefits. n127 "[P]asteurization[, the bulletin
explains,] kills harmful organisms responsible for such diseases as listeriosis,
typhoid fever, tuberculosis, diphtheria, and brucellosis." n128 The bacteria
that are most likely to cause illnesses today are members of the coliform
family, including E. coli, Salmonella, and Campylobacter. n129


   While it kills these bacteria, pasteurization causes "no meaningful
difference in the nutritional values of pasteurized and unpasteurized milk."
n130 Raw milk, on the other hand, has not undergone any type of process to kill
bacteria. n131 The FDA warns that while everyone who drinks raw milk is
susceptible to illness, "people with weakened immune systems, older adults,
pregnant women, and children" are especially at risk. n132


   Raw milk consumption is the source of a number of documented illnesses. n133
"[T]he Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) [documented that]
between 1993 and 2006 more than 1,500 people in the United States became sick
from drinking raw milk or eating cheese made from raw milk." n134 In fact, "from
1973 to 2005, raw dairy products caused over 50% of milk borne illness
outbreaks, despite the fact that only about [1%] of the United States population
drinks raw milk." n135 Before pasteurization became commonplace around 1938,
milkborne illnesses made up a quarter of all foodborne illnesses. n136 Today,
that number is "less than 1[%] of [all] foodborne illnesses." n137


   In California, retail stores can sell raw milk provided the packaging
containing the milk in bears a warning label indicating the milk is
unpasteurized. n138 Organic Pastures is "the largest [raw milk] dairy in the
nation" and supplies raw milk across California. n139 The dairy issued two
recalls in 2012, citing contaminated milk. n140 The first episode of
contamination in May led to "[a]t least 10 cases of campylobacteriosis[,]" but
the most recent contamination has not led to any reported illnesses. n141
Campylobacteriosis is a  [*245]  very common diarrheal illness that "affect[s] .
. . 1.3 million [people a] year." n142 Its symptoms include "diarrhea, cramping,
abdominal pain, and fever . . . . [and t]he illness typically lasts about one
week." n143 The dairy also had an earlier series of three product recalls
between 2006 and 2008. n144 In Pennsylvania-another state that allows retail raw
milk sales-a campylobacter infection stemming from milk sold from a dairy named
the Family Cow reportedly caused thirty-eight illnesses spread across four
states. n145 In Texas, a lawsuit over four illnesses caused by contaminated milk
sold by Lavon Farms probably contributed to the Texas house deciding to shelve
HB 75-which sought to legalize the direct-to-consumer sale of raw milk from
places other than the producing farm-for the remainder of the session. n146


   Those who criticize the movement to legalize raw milk sales argue that the
benefits do not outweigh the heavy risks. n147 One author, though not disputing
that there may be benefits to drinking raw milk, argues that the way raw milk
advocates promote the benefits while ignoring the risks "sound[s] eerily
reminiscent of the snake oil salesmen of yesteryear." n148 This, he says, raises
a products liability concern. n149 Rather than ultimately taking a firm stance
on the issue, however, he "urge[s] consumers to think long and hard about the
goal behind campaigns that tout endless positive benefits of a product, side by
side with sales pitches about the lucrative cash-earning potential of product
sales." n150 Despite all the warnings and risks, however, people still choose to
advocate raw milk sales and the health benefits of consumption. n151


   2. Raw Milk Benefits


   Raw milk advocates insist that those who oppose raw milk tend to exaggerate
the risk of infection. n152 Despite national statistics reported by raw milk
opponents, Texas Real Milk-a FARFA project-cites CDC studies that "between 1998
and 2008, there were only two reported cases of illness from  [*246]  raw milk"
in the state of Texas. n153 FARFA contrasts this with "465 illnesses reported
just from raw oysters" and "over 12,000 foodborne illnesses reported in Texas in
that time period . . . ." n154 According to FARFA, "[r]aw milk contains numerous
components that assist in: 1. [k]illing pathogens in the milk . . . ; 2.
[p]reventing pathogens from being absorbed across the intestinal wall . . . ;
and 3. [s]trengthening and modulating the immune system . . . ." n155 FARFA also
emphasizes that raw breast milk is safe for consumption by newborns. n156
Conversely, pasteurization destroys many of the previously mentioned safety
mechanisms found naturally in milk. n157


   Pasteurization also destroys a number of vitamins-including vitamins A, C, D,
and a number of B vitamins-which exist naturally in raw milk and have their own
widely recognized health benefits. n158 Producers generally need to artificially
add vitamins A and D back into the milk after pasteurization. n159 Raw milk also
contains all twenty amino acids, and 20% of them are whey proteins, which "are
easy to digest, but also very heat sensitive"; thus, the pasteurization process
destroys them as well. n160 Other health benefits of raw milk consumption
include "protect[ion] against infection, rickets, and TB" as well as better
growth rates in children. n161 Surveys have also anecdotally shown that people
who are typically lactose intolerant are often able to drink raw milk without a
negative reaction. n162 This is most likely because pasteurization destroys
Lactobacilli-the bacteria that helps digest lactose-when it would otherwise
remain intact in raw milk. n163


   3. Safety Precautions


   Many states that allow retail raw milk sales require that the milk receive
testing regularly for coliform levels. n164 A coliform count of more than ten
per milliliter "suggest[s] that the milk was produced, processed[,] or packaged
under unsanitary conditions." n165 Although experts generally consider coliform
[*247]  counts lower than ten to be safe and normal, a low count does not "rule
out the possible presence of pathogens . . . ." n166


   Thirteen states have coliform standards in place that adhere to the federally
recommended ten per milliliter: "Arizona, California, Maine, New Hampshire,
Nevada, Pennsylvania, Utah, . . . Washington," South Dakota, Texas, Utah,
Vermont, and Oregon. n167 The highest coliform count allowed is 100 per
milliliter in Missouri; Connecticut and New Mexico set the limit at fifty. n168
Texas, which does not allow retail raw milk sales, sets coliform levels at ten
per milliliter. n169


   B. Food Sovereignty


   Food sovereignty is, simply put, a right to control one's own food supply.
n170 A more detailed explanation is that "[f]ood [s]overeignty is the right of
peoples to healthy and culturally appropriate food produced through ecologically
sound and sustainable methods, and their right to define their own food and
agriculture systems." n171 For third world countries, the first step toward food
sovereignty would be the right for everyone to have food. n172 However, in
developed countries, the focus of food sovereignty shifts to-among other
things-promoting local agriculture, preserving localized decision-making, and
protecting environmental resources. n173


   1. Promoting Small Agriculture


   Although the primary objective of the TDSHS is to ensure food safety, both
the TDSHS and the Texas legislature should evaluate other policy concerns when
creating raw milk regulations. n174 The element of food sovereignty that the
TDSHS should consider first is the promotion of local agriculture. n175 Another
agency, the Texas Department of Agriculture, has a mission statement that seeks
to "fortify [the Texan] economy, empower rural  [*248]  communities, promote
healthy lifestyles, and cultivate winning strategies for rural, suburban, and
urban Texas." n176


   Texas "leads the nation [in agriculture], with 247,500 farms and ranches
covering 130.4 million acres." n177 "[Twelve percent of the Texas population]
resides in rural areas," and "98.5% of Texas farms and ranches are family farms,
partnerships[,] or family-held corporations." n178 Milk products are one of the
top exports of Texas; they rank number six in the nation, bringing in $ 240
million annually. n179 However, despite the number of small farms in operation
in Texas, large, national corporations dominate the overall agricultural market
and exert a great deal of influence over regulatory decisions. n180 The proposed
regulatory changes would make Texas a more small business friendly state by
increasing the availability of locally raised milk-by allowing consumers to
purchase raw milk locally at farmers' markets-and reducing the amount of milk
shipped from long distances, sometimes even out of state. n181


   2. Localized Decision Making


   In 2011, a Wisconsin judge held, with regards to raw milk, that no person has
"a fundamental right to produce and consume the foods of [one's] choice." n182
Though the judge's statement led to a dearth of posts from shocked news agencies
and bloggers, the statement is a basic precept of constitutional law, and one
that the Supreme Court settled for good over seventy years ago. n183 In fact,
one of the basic missions of the FDA is to "protect[] the public health by
assuring the safety, efficacy[,] and security of . . . our nation's food supply
. . . ." n184 On a local level, the first goal of the TDSHS is to "prevent and
prepare for health threats," and their fourth is to protect consumers. n185
Thus, in crafting  [*249]  regulations, agencies must balance the public
interest in food safety with the individual's own personal rights. n186


   If public response is any indication, both state and federal governments have
had mixed results in perfecting the public-private interest balancing test. n187
On one hand, consumers are quick to point out when they believe the government
allows unsafe ingredients in food. n188 On the other hand, the public becomes
equally outraged when the government regulates food choices in a way that the
majority believes should remain up to the individual consumer to decide. n189
The most noted example of this in the past year is the announcement by New York
City Mayor Michael Bloomberg that, put simply, sodas and other sugary drinks
will no longer be available in food service establishments in sizes greater than
sixteen ounces. n190 The underlying concern behind this restriction is the
recent epidemic of childhood obesity and diabetes. n191


   Paramount behind restrictions on the sale of raw milk is the concern that
contaminated milk can cause bacterial infections. n192 However, Texas already
put measures in place to ensure that any raw milk sold is safe for consumption.
n193 HB 46 would not detract from the existing regulations; it would only add
two additional places where raw milk could be sold-still directly by the
producing farmer but at a location more convenient to the consumer. n194 In
promulgating the proposed regulations, the TDSHS would increase the potential
for localized product choice without altering the current risk of harm. n195


   3. Environmental Concerns


   Governments should be conscious of the effect their food regulation system
has on the environment as a whole. n196 Although not a specific focus of  [*250]
the TDSHS, Texas made reducing motor vehicle fossil fuel emissions a priority.
n197 The proposed changes would limit the number of trips made to and from the
producing farm by allowing the producer to make one trip into an urban area
rather than requiring each individual consumer to drive to the producing farm.
n198 This will not only create business for local dairies in the form of
customers that would be otherwise unwilling to drive to get the milk, but this
change will also contribute to a reduction in traffic congestion and fossil fuel
emissions. n199


   V. What Now?


   Representative Flynn reintroduced the failed HB 75 in the 83rd (2013)
legislative session as HB 46. n200 HB 46 contains the same provisions as the
Bill introduced in 2011, including the ability for producing dairies to sell
their milk at farmers' markets and through delivery arrangements with consumers.
n201


   FARFA and other consumer advocacy organizations have taken the route of
petitioning for legislative changes because the TDSHS refused to make changes to
the existing regulations. n202 The TDSHS claimed that it cannot act outside of
specific legislative direction. n203 However, no law restricts the TDSHS from
amending its rules; the most direction given to the agency by the legislature is
that "[t]he department is the state agency with primary responsibility for
providing health services, including . . . disease prevention . . . [and] . . .
health promotion." n204 Other than out of fear of potential political backlash,
no apparent reason exists as to why the TDSHS would be unable to alter its
existing regulations to conform to the recommended changes. n205


   The TDSHS swiftly promulgated new regulations to reflect the cottage food
bill passed during the 82nd legislative session, and there is no reason to
believe it will not similarly update its regulations if the 83rd legislature
passes HB 46. n206 Yet the TDSHS can, through notice and comment, update its own
regulations without the express approval of the legislature. n207 The Texas
legislature may very well take the raw milk decision out of the hands of the
[*251]  TDSHS in 2013-but if it does not, the agency should consider
notice-and-comment rulemaking as an alternative means of increasing consumer
access to raw milk. n208


   VI. Conclusion


   Raw milk is a controversial subject nationwide. n209 Policy makers and
consumers alike debate raw milk's risks and benefits. n210 Raw milk's detractors
insist that the risk of bacterial infection inherent in drinking unpasteurized
milk outweighs any potential health gains. n211 On the other hand, those who
support widespread availability of raw milk point to misinterpreted safety
statistics and the inherent benefits of raw milk-benefits destroyed by the high
heat of pasteurization. n212


   The safety risks inherent in raw milk are only one thing that the Texas
government should consider when revisiting raw milk regulations. n213 In
addition to reconsidering the inherent food safety risks of raw milk, the TDSHS
should also weigh the potential, additional risks against the added benefits of
the change in regulations. n214


   HB 75 (now HB 46) proposes a change in which consumers can purchase raw milk;
instead of purchasing the milk directly from the producing farm-which may be an
hour or more outside an urban area-consumers may purchase the milk from the
producing farm at farmers' markets or by delivery arrangement. n215 This change
does not add any additional safety risks; either way consumers purchase the
milk, the product must travel from the farm to the consumer's home. n216


   Rather than contribute additional safety risks, the proposed changes would
actually benefit both small farms and consumers while potentially increasing the
safety of raw milk sales. n217 The new regulations would potentially increase
product safety because the producer would be in charge of the milk during
transportation into the urban area from the dairy. n218 Because the producer
will have a better understanding of product safety, the milk is more likely to
remain at a safe temperature during transport if carried by the producer. n219

     [*252]

   In addition to improved product safety, the regulations would also promote
food sovereignty. n220 In keeping with the Texan tradition of promoting
agriculture, the regulations would create a larger market for small dairies that
would otherwise face a market restricted by the dairy's most likely rural
location. n221 The regulations would also give consumers increased decision
making power regarding food choices. n222 Despite opposing claims from advocacy
organizations, there has never been an absolute right to food choice. n223
However, the regulations would be in keeping with the goals of the TDSHS to
allow consumers as much freedom as possible within the boundaries of acceptable
food safety restrictions. n224 Finally, the proposed changes would have a
positive impact on the environment. n225 Producers would presumably be making
one to two trips per week into urban areas to deliver and sell raw milk rather
than each consumer making an individual trip to the farm to pick up his or her
purchase; this would create a marked decrease in the number of trips to and from
the producing farm over the course of a year. n226


   Despite claims by the TDSHS to the contrary, the agency could promulgate the
proposed regulations without legislative action. n227 Even if the Texas
legislature does not pass HB 46 during the 83rd legislative session, the TDSHS
should still consider adopting the proposed raw milk regulations. n228 These
changes would be in keeping with other Texas food bills passed in the last few
years, such as the cottage food bill-bills that serve dual roles of protecting
Texans from unsafe products and promoting the agriculturally-rich economy that
brings national recognition to Texas. n229


   Placing unnecessary restrictions on small agricultural operations does not
promote food safety or prevent disease. n230 The restrictions merely stifle the
small businesses that make up the Texas economy and take away valid choices from
informed consumers who only desire to make health-conscious, business-
conscious, environmentally-conscious purchasing decisions. n231 In the future,
the Texas Department of State Health Services should take greater care in
weighing the costs and benefits of updated regulations before it rejects a
proposal that would net a positive impact on the state that it represents. n232

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage & DistributionTortsStrict
LiabilityHarm Caused by AnimalsGeneral OverviewTransportation LawIntrastate
Commerce

FOOTNOTES:




n1  See The Dangers of Raw Milk: Unpasteurized Milk Can Pose a Serious Health
Risk, U.S. Food and Drug Admin.,
http://www.fda.gov/Food/ResourcesForYou/consumers/ucm079516.htm (last visited
Nov. 20, 2013); 21 C.F.R. § 1240.61 (2013).




n2  See infra Part II.B.




n3  See infra Part II.B.




n4  See infra Part II.B.




n5  See infra Part III.B.




n6  See discussion infra Part IV.




n7  See discussion infra Part V.




n8  See discussion infra Parts II-V.




n9  See discussion infra Part II.




n10  See discussion infra Part III.




n11  See discussion infra Part IV.




n12  See discussion infra Part V.




n13  The Dangers of Raw Milk: Unpasteurized Milk Can Pose a Serious Health Risk,
supra note 1.




n14  Id.




n15  Bill Marler, A Legal History of Raw Milk in the United States, Marler Blog
(Dec. 31, 2007), http://www.marlerblog.com/lawyer-oped/a-legal-history-of-raw-
milk-in-the-united-states/.




n16  Id.




n17  The Dangers of Raw Milk: Unpasteurized Milk Can Pose a Serious Health Risk,
supra note 1.




n18  Id.




n19  The Raw Truth on Raw Milk, Envtl. Nutrition 1, 3 (Mar. 2012),
http://ehis.ebscohost.com.law-ezp.law.ttu.edu/ehost/pdfviewer/pdfviewer?sid=ec28
83fa- c297-4531-a9dc-49fee6369e08%40sessionmgr 14&vid=5&hid=15.




n20  Grade "A" Pasteurized Milk Ordinance, Food and Drug Admin. iv (2011),
http://www.fda. gov/downloads/Food/FoodSafety/Product-
SpecificInformation/MilkSafety/NationalConferenceonInterstate
MilkShipmentsNCIMSModelDocuments/UCM291757.pdf.




n21  Id. at iii.




n22  Id. at iv.




n23  See id.




n24  25 Tex. Admin. Code § 217.2 (2013) (Dep't of State Health Servs., Grade A
Pasteurized Milk Ordinance).




n25  See Grade "A" Pasteurized Milk Ordinance, supra note 20.




n26  Marler, supra note 15.




n27  21 C.F.R. § 1240.61(a) (2013).




n28  See, e.g., Farm-to-Consumer Legal Def. Fund v. Sebelius, 734 F. Supp. 2d
668, 675 (N.D. Iowa 2010); Carolyn Lochhead, Group of Moms Defies U.S. Law in
Raw Milk Protest, SFGate (Nov. 2, 2011, 4:00 AM),
http://www.sfgate.com/politics/article/Group-of-moms-defies-U-S-law-in-raw-milk-
protest-2324566.php (detailing how a group of women took raw milk across state
lines from Pennsylvania to Maryland and drank it in front of the FDA
headquarters); Alvin Schlagen's Jury Trial in Hennepin County MN, Raw Milk
Freedom Riders, http://www.rawmilkfreedomriders.wordpress.com/ (last visited
Nov. 19, 2013).




n29  Farm-to-Consumer Legal Def. Fund, 734 F. Supp. 2d at 675.




n30  Id.




n31  See Farm-to-Consumer Legal Def. Fund v. Sebelius, No. C 10-4018-MWB, 2012
U.S. Dist. LEXIS 46290, at *5 (N.D. Iowa Mar. 30, 2012); see also 21 C.F.R. §
1240.61 ("No person shall . . . otherwise distribute . . . after shipment in
interstate commerce any milk or milk product . . . unless the product has been
pasteurized. . . .").




n32  Farm-to-Consumer Legal Def. Fund, 2012 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 46290, at *5
(quoting Food Safety and Raw Milk, U.S. Food & Drug Admin. (Nov. 1, 2011),
http://www.fda.gov/food/foodborneillness
contaminants/buystoreservesafefood/ucm277854.htm.




n33  Mich. H.R. 5410, 96th Leg., R. S. (2012).




n34  House Bill 5410 (2012), Mich. Legis.,
http://www.legislature.mi.gov/(S(zser1j55zxpouc45
qvqcpuzg))/mileg.aspx?page=GetObject&objectname=2012-HB-5410 (last visited Nov.
19, 2013).




n35  See, e.g., State-by-State Review of Raw Milk Laws, Farm-to-Consumer Legal
Def. Fund, http://www.farmtoconsumer.org/raw milk map.htm (last updated June 21,
2013).




n36  Cookson Beecher, Ag Survey Compares States' Raw Milk Regs, Food Safety News
(July 19, 2011), http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2011/07/no-change-in-
states-allowing-raw-milk-sales.




n37  Id.; State-by-State Review of Raw Milk Laws, supra note 35; Raw Milk Facts
State by State, Real Raw Milk Facts, http://www.realrawmilkfacts.com/raw-milk-
regulations (last visited Nov. 19, 2013).




n38  State-by-State Review of Raw Milk Laws, supra note 35; Ag Survey Compares
States' Raw Milk Regs, supra note 36.




n39  Ag Survey Compares States' Raw Milk Regs, supra note 36.




n40  Raw Milk Facts State by State, supra note 37. For additional information
and research, readers may use this site to find current legislation and
citations of regulations by clicking on the appropriate state. Id. Statements
about the law of various states were current at the time of publication, but due
to the dynamic nature of this subject and pending legislation, state law may
change shortly before or after publication.




n41  Id.




n42  See The Time Has Arrived-Hearing for Raw Milk Bill #236, Wis. Raw Milk
Ass'n, http://www.wisrawmilkassociation.com/ (last visited Nov. 20, 2013); see
also Iowa House Panel OKs Sale of Raw Milk, WCFCourier (Feb. 14, 2012 4:00 AM),
http://wcfcourier.com/news/local/govt-and-politics/iowa-house-panel-oks-sale-of-
raw- milk/article 42b7dff8-56a3-11e1-9532-001871e3ce6c.html (discussing a bill
that would allow raw milk sales in Iowa).




n43  Farm-to-Consumer Legal Def. Fund v. Sebelius, No. C 10-4018-MWB, 2012 U.S.
Dist. LEXIS 46290, at *5 (N.D. Iowa Mar. 30, 2012) (citing Food Safety and Raw
Milk, U.S. Food and Drug Admin. (Nov. 1, 2011),
http://www.fda.gov/food/foodbonillnesscontaminants/buystoreservesafefood/ucm2778
54. htm).




n44  Raw Milk Facts State by State, supra note 37; 25 Tex. Admin. Code § 217.32
(Dep't of State Health Servs., Selling of Raw Milk to Consumer).




n45  Ark. Code Ann. § 20-59-248 (LEXIS through 2013 Regular Session).




n46  Minn. Stat. Ann. § 32.393 (LEXIS through 2013 Regular Session); Okla. Stat.
Ann. tit. 7 § 414 (West 2012); Wis. Admin. Code ATCP § 60.235, available at
http://docs.legis.wisconsin.gov/code/admin code/atcp/055/60/IV/235.




n47  Raw Milk Facts State by State, supra note 37; 25 Tex. Admin. Code § 217.32
(2013).




n48  Learn More-Cow and Goat Shares, Farm-to-Consumer Legal Def. Fund,
http://www.farmto consumer.org/cow-shares.html (last visited Nov. 21, 2013); see
also Bob Unruh, Judge: Americans Have No Right to Choose Food, World Net Daily
(Oct. 6, 2011), http://www.wnd.com/2011/10/352249/ (describing a lawsuit over
the operation of a herd share arrangement in Wisconsin).




n49  Learn More-Cow and Goat Shares, supra note 48.




n50  Id.




n51  State-by-State Review of Raw Milk Laws, supra note 35.




n52  Id.




n53  Ag Survey Compares States' Raw Milk Regs, supra note 36.




n54  Id.




n55  State-by-State Review of Raw Milk Laws, supra note 35.




n56  Cow Shares Program, Pereira Pastures Dairy,
http://www.pereirapastures.com/cow-share.htm (last visited Nov. 20, 2013).




n57  Ag Survey Compares States' Raw Milk Regs, supra note 36; State-by- State
Review of Raw Milk Laws, supra note 35.




n58  State-by-State Review of Raw Milk Laws, supra note 35.




n59  See. e.g., Cal. Food & Agric. Code § 35891 (West Supp. 2013).




n60  Gosia Wozniacka, Raw Milk Recall: California Recalls Raw Milk Products
After 3 Children Hospitalized for E. Coli, Huffington Post (Nov. 16, 2011),
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/11/16/ raw-milk-recall n 1097831.html.




n61  See id.; see also Cookson Beecher, Organic Pastures Faces Another Recall,
Quarantine, Food Safety News (Sept. 6, 2012),
http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2012/09/organic-pastures-faces-another-recall-
quarantine/#.UFFO vo2PU c (detailing a more recent recall and quarantine).




n62  Cookson Beecher, Nation's Largest Raw Dairy Sues FDA Over Interstate Ban,
Food Safety News (Dec. 17, 2012), http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2012/12/nations-
largest-raw-milk-dairy-sues-fda-over-interstate-ban/#.UP1PCSdpeSq.




n63  Id.




n64  Ag Survey Compares States' Raw Milk Regs, supra note 36.




n65  See Tex. H.B. 46, 82d Leg., R.S. (2013).




n66  Or. Rev. Stat. § 621.117 (LEXIS through 2012 Regular Session); Or. Rev.
Stat. § 621.116 (LEXIS through 2012 Regular Session).




n67  S.D. Codified Laws § 39-6-3 (LEXIS through 2013 Regular Session); Vt. Stat.
Ann. tit. 6, § 2775(g) (LEXIS through 2013 Regular Session).




n68  Mo. Ann. Stat. § 196.935 (LEXIS through 2013 1st Special Session).




n69  25 Tex. Admin. Code § 217.32 (2013) (Tex. Dep't of State Health Servs.,
Selling of Raw Milk to the Consumer).




n70  Id.




n71  Milk Group: About Us, Tex. Department of St. Health Services,
http://www.dshs.state. x.us/milk/about.shtm (last visited Nov. 20, 2013).




n72  Milk Group: Regulated Facilities-Operators, Tex. Department of St. Health
Services, http://www.dshs.state.tx.us/milk/regfac.shtm (last updated July 18,
2013).




n73  25 Tex. Admin. Code §§ 217.91(a)(1), (c)(1)(E) (2013) (Tex. Dep't of State
Health Servs., Milk Facilities and Operations Permit and Frozen Dessert License
Procedures).




n74  See generally 25 Tex. Admin. Code § 217.26 (2013) (Tex. Dep't of State
Health Servs., Inspection of Dairy Farms); 25 Tex. Admin. Code §217.29 (2013)
(Tex. Dep't of State Health Servs., Sanitation Requirements for Grade A Raw for
Retail Milk) .




n75  Id. §217.29 (2013) (Tex. Dep't of State Health Servs., Sanitation
Requirements for Grade A Raw for Retail Milk).




n76  Id. § 217.26(c) (Tex. Dep't of State Health Servs., Inspection of Dairy
Farms).




n77  Id.




n78  Letter from Farm and Ranch Freedom Alliance to Tex. Dep't of State Health
Servs. (Oct. 23, 2009) (on file with author).




n79  Id.




n80  At the time of writing, HB 46 had passed the Public Health Committee with a
vote of 9-2 but did not make it onto the general calendar before the end of the
legislative session. Tex. Legislature Online,
http://www.legis.state.tx.us/BillLookup/History.aspx?LegSess=83R&Bill=HB46 (last
updated April 18, 2013).




n81  See What Is Real Milk?, Tex. Real Milk, http://texasrealmilk.org/Learn-More
(last visited Oct. 28, 2013).




n82  Letter to Tex. Dep't of State Health Servs., supra note 78.




n83  Id. (emphasis omitted).




n84  Id.




n85  Id.




n86  Press Release, Farm and Ranch Freedom Alliance, Help Improve Access to Raw
Milk in Texas! (on file with author).




n87  Id.




n88  Compare Tex. H.B. 75, 82nd Leg., R.S. (2011), with Stakeholder's Proposal
to Tex. Dep't of State Health Servs. (2009) (on file with author). Both the
proposed HB and the proposed administrative regulations allow sale of raw milk
from the producer from places other than the producing farm but do not change
the safety standard or allow the sale of milk through a third party vendor. H.B.
75; Stakeholder's Proposal supra note 88.




n89  Tex. H.B. 75(a).




n90  Carolyn Biggerstaff, Lawsuit Helped Defeat HB 75 to Allow Raw Milk
Delivery, Real Food Hous. (May 21, 2011),
http://www.realfoodhouston.com/2011/05/21/lawsuit-helped-defeat-hb-75-to-allow-r
aw- milk-delivery/.




n91  Tex. H.B. 46, 83rd Leg., R.S. (2013).




n92  See Dan Flynn, Indiana May Soon Publish Raw Milk Safety Standards, Food
Safety News (Sept. 5, 2012), http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2012/09/difficult-
lesson-may-be-coming-on-how-to-make-safe-raw-milk/#.UmfhKpeVxFa.




n93  Id.




n94  Id.




n95  Id.




n96  Id.




n97  2013 Legislative Session-Raw Milk Bills, Real Raw Milk Facts,
http://www.realrawmilk facts.com/PDFs/Raw-Milk-Legislation.pdf (last updated
Mar. 10, 2013).




n98  See Texas 2011 Legislative Session Wrap-Up, Farm & Ranch Freedom Alliance
(June 19, 2011), http://www.farmandranchfreedom.org/texas-2011-legislative-
session-wrap-up/ (detailing the history of the food bills considered during the
82nd legislative session); see also Tex. Health & Safety Code Ann. §§ 437.0191-
.0194 (West Supp. 2013) (the codified form of the bill); 25 Tex. Admin. Code §
229.661 (2012) (Tex. Dep't of State Health Servs., Cottage Food Production
Operations) (the administrative regulation published in response to the cottage
food law).




n99  See infra Part V.




n100  See infra Part IV.




n101  Cottage Food Laws, Homebased Baking,
http://www.homebasedbaking.com/cottage-food-laws/ (last visited Nov. 21, 2013).




n102  Id.




n103  25 Tex. Admin. Code § 229.661(b)(2) (2013) (Tex. Dep't of State Health
Servs., Cottage Food Production Operations).




n104  Melissa Allison, At-Home Bakers Hail State's New Cottage Food Act, Seattle
Times, http://www.seattletimes.com/html/businesstechnology/2018233033 co
ttagefood18.html (last modified May 18, 2012).




n105  Cottage Food Laws in the United States, Tex. Cottage Food L.,
http://www.texascottage foodlaw.com/Facts/otherStates.aspx (last visited Nov.
21, 2013).




n106  Memorandum from Susan C. Grayson, Head, N.C. Dep't of Env't and Natural
Res. on Potentially Dangerous Desserts, available at http://www.pdfio.com/K-
83339.html# (last visited Nov. 21, 2013).




n107  Id.




n108  Id.




n109  Cottage Food Law States, Cottage Food Ls.,
http://cottagefoodlaws.com/state-regulations/ cottage-food-law-states (last
visited Nov. 21, 2013).




n110  Id.




n111  See id.




n112  Don Rambles, Home-Processed Foods and Farmers' Markets, St. of Ala.
Farmers' Market Authority, (Apr. 8, 2009), http://homebasedbaking.com/wp-
content/uploads/2009/06/AL-Regs.pdf.




n113  New York Cottage Food Law, Cottage Food Ls. (Sept. 16, 2011),
http://www.cottagefoodlaws. com/state-regulations/new-york-cottage-food-law/.




n114  Home Processors, N.Y. St. Department of Agric. & Markets,
http://www.agriculture.ny. gov/FS/consumer/processor.html (last updated Feb.
2013).




n115  Update on Cottage Foods Rule and TAHC's Cattle ID Rule-2012, Farm and
Ranch Freedom Alliance (Aug. 15, 2012),
http://www.farmandranchfreedom.org/update-cottage-foods-rule-tahc-cattle-id-rule
- 2012/.




n116  Id.




n117  See id.




n118  Compare The Dangers of Raw Milk: Unpasteurized Milk Can Pose a Serious
Health Risk, supra note 1 (advocating against raw milk), with About Us, Farm &
Ranch Freedom Alliance, http://farmand ranchfreedom.org/about-us (last visited
Nov. 21, 2013) (advocating for raw milk consumption).




n119  See The Dangers of Raw Milk: Unpasteurized Milk Can Pose a Serious Health
Risk, supra note 1; Milk Group: About Us, supra note 71.




n120  Milk Group: About Us, supra note 71.




n121  Id.




n122  Id.




n123  Compare The Dangers of Raw Milk: Unpasteurized Milk Can Pose a Serious
Health Risk, supra note 1 (describing the harms of raw milk), with What Is Real
Milk?, supra note 81 (stating the low risk of raw milk).




n124  The Dangers of Raw Milk: Unpasteurized Milk Can Pose a Serious Health
Risk, supra note 1; What Is Real Milk?, supra note 81.




n125  The Raw Truth on Raw Milk, supra note 19.




n126  Id.




n127  See The Dangers of Raw Milk: Unpasteurized Milk Can Pose a Serious Health
Risk, supra note 1.




n128  Id.




n129  Ag Survey Compares States' Raw Milk Regs, supra note 36.




n130  The Dangers of Raw Milk: Unpasteurized Milk Can Pose a Serious Health
Risk, supra note 1.




n131  Id.




n132  Id. (emphasis omitted)




n133  Id.




n134  Id.




n135  Alex Ferguson, Who Benefits from Raw Milk?, Food Safety News (Feb. 15,
2010), http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2010/02/who-benefits-from-raw-milk/.




n136  Regarding the Sale or Distribution of Raw Milk, Nat'l Envtl. Health Ass'n
(Jan. 28, 2008), www.neha.org/position papers/position.raw milk.htm.




n137  Id.




n138  Organic Pastures Faces Another Recall, Quarantine, supra note 61.




n139  Id.




n140  Id.




n141  Id.




n142  Campylobacter, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,
http://www.cdc.gov/nczved/ divisions/dfbmd/diseases/campylobacter (last updated
Apr. 18, 2013).




n143  Id.




n144  Organic Pastures Faces Another Recall, Quarantine, supra note 61.




n145  The Associated Press, Latest Illnessess Point to Raw Milk's Popularity,
USA Today, http://yearlife. usatoday.com/fitness-food/safety/story/2012-
02-03/Latest-illnesses-point-to-raw-milks-popularity/52951204/1 (last updated
Feb. 3, 2012).




n146  See Lawsuit Helped Derail HB 75 to Allow Raw Milk Delivery, supra note 90;
see also Tex. H.B. 75, 82nd Leg., R.S. (2011) (proposed bill that would allow
raw milk sales in Texas).




n147  See Ferguson, supra note 135.




n148  Id.




n149  Id.




n150  Id.




n151  See, e.g., Farm & Ranch Freedom Alliance (Oct. 28, 2013),
http://www.farmandranchfreedom .org (last visited Nov. 20, 2013);
Farm-to-Consumer Legal Defense Fund, http://www.farmto consumer.org (last
visited Dec. 4, 2013).




n152  What Is Real Milk?, supra note 81 (citing a number of articles in the
British Journal of Nutrition).




n153  Id. (emphasis omitted).




n154  Id.




n155  Id.




n156  Id.




n157  See id.




n158  Id. "Proteins and peptides are heat sensitive, and their bioactivity may
be reduced by pasteurization of milk. Heating of milk may also result in the
formation of potentially harmful new products, i.e. when carbohydrates in milk
react with proteins." Anna Haung, Bourne Milk in Human Nutrition A Review, Nat'l
Center for Biotechnology Info. (Sept. 25, 2007),
www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/ PMC2039733/.




n159  About Raw Milk, Pereira Pastures Dairy,
http://www.pereirapastures.com/about-raw-milk.htm (last visited Dec. 4, 2013).




n160  Id.




n161  What Is Real Milk?, supra note 81.




n162  Id.




n163  About Raw Milk, supra note 159.




n164  Ag Survey Compares States' Raw Milk Regs, supra note 36.




n165  Id.




n166  Id.




n167  Id.




n168  Id.




n169  25 Tex. Admin. Code § 217.28(5) (2013) (Dep't of State Health Servs.,
Standards for Grade A Raw for Retail Milk and Milk Products).




n170  What Is Food Sovereignty?, US Food Sovereignty Alliance,
http://usfoodsovereigntyalliance. org/what-is-food-sovereignty/ (last visited
Dec. 16, 2013).




n171  Id.




n172  Id.




n173  Id.




n174  See Milk Group: About Us, supra note 71; see also Agency Information, Tex.
Department of Agric., http://texasagriculture.gov/Home/AgencyInformation.aspx
(last visited Oct. 28, 2013) (detailing the objectives of the Texas Department
of Agriculture).




n175  See Texas Ag Stats, Tex. Department of Agric.,
http://www.texasagriculture.gov/About/ TexasAgStats.aspx (last visited Nov. 21,
2013).




n176  Agency Information, supra note 174.




n177  See Texas Ag Stats, supra note 175.




n178  Id.




n179  Id.




n180  See Fair Markets-Overview, Farm and Ranch Freedom Alliance (Jan. 31,
2013), http://www.farm andranchfreedom.org/fair-markets/.




n181  See Tex. H.B. 46, 82nd Leg., R.S. (2013); see also Organic Milk FAQ, Am.
Dairy Ass'n & Dairy Council, Inc., http://www.adadc.com/OrganicFAQ.pdf (last
visited Nov. 21, 2013) (noting that both organic and conventional milk can
sometimes travel hundreds of miles from farm to consumer).




n182  Farm-to-Consumer Legal Def. Fund v. Wis. Dep't of Agric., No. 09-CV-6313,
slip op. at 4 (Wis. Cir. Ct. Sept. 9, 2011) (unpublished opinion), available at
http://www.thecompletepatient.com/sites/ default/files/WIorder-
clarification9-11.pdf.




n183  See David Gumpet, WI Judge to Zinniker, FTCLDF: No "Fundamental Right" to
Own a Cow, or Consume Its Milk . . . Am I Making Myself Clear?, Complete Patient
(Sept. 15, 2011), http://www.the
completepatient.com/article/2011/september/15/wi-judge-zinniker-ftcldf-no-
fundamental-right-own-cow-or-consume-its; Unruh, supra note 48; see also Wickard
v. Filburn, 317 U.S. 111, 127-28 (1942) (holding that an individual farmer's
wheat crop could be regulated as part of interstate commerce).




n184  What We Do, U.S. Food and Drug Admin.,
http://www.fda.gov/AboutFDA/WhatWeDo/ default.htm (last updated Sept. 19, 2013).




n185  About Us, Tex. Department of St. Health Services,
http://www.dshs.state.tx.us/about-dshs. shtm (last updated July 11, 2013).




n186  See id.




n187  See generally Cristina Goyanes, 13 Banned Foods Still Allowed in the U.S.,
Shape (Jan. 25, 2013), http://www.shape.com/blogs/shape-your-life/13-
banned-foods-still-allowed-us (criticizing the foods the FDA does not ban);
Frances Largeman-Roth, NYC Super-Sized Soda Ban: Now in Effect, US News and
World Report, (Oct. 30, 2012),
http://health.usnews.com/health-news/blogs/eat-run/2012/10/30/ nyc-
soda-ban-now-in-effect (discussing the public reaction to the NYC soda ban
versus the growing obesity epidemic and the need for protective action).




n188  See Goyanes, supra note 187.




n189  See Largeman-Roth, supra note 187 (discussing the public reaction to the
NYC soda ban versus the growing obesity epidemic and the need for protective
action).




n190  Casey Neistat, Soda Ban Explained, N.Y. Times (Sept. 9, 2012),
http://www.nytimes.com/ 2012/09/10/opinion/soda-ban-explained.html (explaining
the mechanics of the law, emphasizing that "[t]he ban will certainly not stop
people from getting exactly what they want" because of the number of locations
and beverages exempt from the ban).




n191  Largeman-Roth, supra note 187.




n192  See supra Part IV.A.1 (discussing potential health risks of raw milk
consumption).




n193  See generally 25 Tex. Admin. Code §§ 217.21-.33 (2013) (Tex. Dep't of
State Health Servs.) (detailing the permitting, inspection, and sanitation
requirements for retail sale of raw milk).




n194  See Tex. H.B. 46, 83d Leg., R.S. (2013).




n195  See id.




n196  Letter to Tex. Dep't of State Health Servs., supra note 78.




n197  See Controlling On-Road Mobile Source Vehicle Emissions, Tex. Comm'n on
Envtl. Quality, http://www.tceq.texas.gov/airquality/mobilesource/mobile
source.html (last visited Dec. 4, 2013).




n198  See Tex. H.B. 46.




n199  Letter to Tex. Dep't of State Health Servs., supra note 78.




n200  See Past Efforts, Tex. Real Milk,
http://www.texasrealmilk.org/2011-session (last visited Dec. 4, 2013).




n201  Id.




n202  See Help Improve Access to Raw Milk in Texas!, supra note 86.




n203  See generally id. (discussing the history of HB 75 and HB 46).




n204  Tex. Health & Safety Code Ann. § 11.004(b)(1)-(2)(a) (West 2010).




n205  See id.




n206  See Health & Safety §§ 437.0191-.0194 (West Supp. 2013); 25 Tex. Admin.
Code § 229.661 (2013) (Tex. Dep't of State Health Servs., Cottage Food
Production Operations) (containing the response to the cottage food law).




n207  See Health & Safety 11.004b(1)-(2) (West 2010).




n208  See Tex. H.B. 46, 83d Leg., R.S. (2013).




n209  See supra Part II.




n210  See supra Part IV.




n211  See supra Part IV.A.




n212  See supra Part IV.A.2.




n213  See supra Part IV.




n214  See supra Part IV.




n215  Tex. H.B. 46, 83d Leg., R.S. (2013).




n216  See supra Part IV.B.




n217  See id.




n218  Tex. H.B. 46.




n219  See Letter to Tex. Dep't of State Health Servs., supra note 78.




n220  See supra Part IV.




n221  See supra Part IV.B.




n222  See supra Part IV.B.




n223  See supra Part IV.B.




n224  See supra Part IV.




n225  See supra Part IV.




n226  See supra Part IV.




n227  See supra Part V.




n228  See supra Part V.




n229  See supra Part III.




n230  See supra Part IV.




n231  See supra Part V.




n232  See supra Part V.


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Hunts Post

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday

BYLINE: PR Script Managers

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 650 words


Our beautiful market town on the river has been buzzing this year. It has been a
real privilege to have been involved as mayor in so many aspects of what makes
St Ives tick.

Promoting the town and its shops and businesses through tourism has been one of
our priorities. I am fortunate to have the opportunity to work closely with our
dynamic town team to progress the Old Riverport initiative in so many ways. This
inspired idea highlights an important part of the town's heritage. Through a new
website hub, signage, merchandise and events like the Discovery Day and the Jazz
& Blues Festival, plus promotion through the Cambridge and Beyond website and
Tourist Information Centre, the Old Riverport is already attracting visitors
from far and wide. There are more exciting plans being made to build on this
campaign  further.



Our winning the coveted Farmers' Market of the Year Award was a triumph. Our
farmers' market continues to go from strength to strength and brings in regular
and loyal customers from surrounding villages.

Now another huge achievement, our much-loved but rather cramped Norris Museum is
about to enter a very exciting new phase of its life, with a £1,255,600 Heritage
Lottery Fund grant just confirmed it can now look forward to a development
project that will allow it to show more of its treasures in a freshly designed
interior with new displays and interactive exhibits.

Once again, Santa arrived in spectacular fashion by river, inspected the snowmen
in most shop windows and retired to his grotto in the Corn Exchange. Our now
legendary Snowman Festival gets bigger and more effective each year.

Finally, I have been proud of how readily my community has helped me raise the
profile of dementia and welcomed my ambition to make St Ives a dementia-friendly
town.

2015 has, in the main, been a year of anticipation for Godmanchester, and not
always eager anticipation.

The town has a number of major projects on the horizon, which will affect the
future of the town. The plans for the development of the Bearscroft Estate move
ahead and we are seeing the first upheaval, with major roadworks on the A1198.
Anxious residents are concerned about the implications for 750 more houses and
especially traffic congestion, education and medical infrastructure. The plans
for the new primary school are well advanced, the school is to be called The
Godmanchester Bridge Academy. The good news is that there will be ample places
for Godmanchester children within the town for the first time.

The other major development will be the upgrading of the A14 and the significant
impact this will have on the town. The majority seem to welcome the new road,
hoping that it with eliminate the flow of traffic through the town and restore a
little calm to our streets. The Hunts Post has been full of letters both
supporting and opposing the scheme, but Godmanchester is hopeful that it will
bring much needed benefits.

The town council has been busy asking residents for their vision for the future
of the town, as they put together a comprehensive neighbourhood plan. There have
been some significant community developments in the last 12 months; the unused
area of Judith's Field has been redeveloped, turning scrubland into shrub land
with a giant slide, trim trail and pleasant open space for all to enjoy. More
recently, the Freemen of the Town, together with Businesses in Godmanchester,
provided us with a magnificent Christmas tree to enhance the festivities.

2016 will see elections to the town council and a new mayor who will be planning
for the redevelopment of the Judith's Field pavilion, the upgrading of the Queen
Elizabeth School and improvements to the recreation ground. So as we stand at
the crossroads of the years, my thanks to everyone who regularly contributes to
the life of Godmanchester and my support and good wishes to all developing their
hopes into reality in 2016.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HPT


                    Copyright 2015 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            March 15, 2012 Thursday

Sunnyvale shorts: Day Break in Sunnyvale extends care hours

BYLINE: Sunnyvale Sun

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News

LENGTH: 191 words


Markets announce merger

Natural food store chains Sprouts Farmers Market and Sunflower Farmers Market
are merging. The combined company will operate 139 stores as Sprouts Farmers
Markets.

Sunnyvale has a Sprouts market at 111 E. El Camino Real. The addition of
Sunflower's 35 stores expands Sprouts several new states.

Lace Museum hosting sale March 23-24

The Lace Museum, at 552 S. Murphy Ave., is conducting its semiannual sale March
23-24 from 9:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. on both days.

This fundraiser will include hundreds of vintage laces and lace-edged textiles.
Vintage jewelry, needlepoint canvases as well as craft books and magazines will
also be sold. Visitwww.thelacemuseum.org or call 408.730.4695.

Day Break extends care hours

Catholic Charities of Santa Clara County has extended the hours at its Day Break
Adult Day Care Center at the First United Methodist Church of Sunnyvale at 535
Old San Francisco Road. The center is now open from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m., Monday
through Friday.

Day Break provides a range of socialization, recreation and health promotion
activities for older adults in English, Chinese and Vietnamese.

Visitwww.daybreakcares.org .

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                            January 3, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Order of Canada recipient inspires ?foodies' Elora author recognized for efforts
promoting Canadian cuisine

BYLINE: Joanne Shuttleworth, Mercury staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 653  words

DATELINE: ELORA


Anita Stewart got her first taste as a food writer when the co-operative daycare
centre she was a part of put together a cookbook as a fundraiser.

That's when she realized how integral food is to family, to community and to
national identity.

Her second big venture was to co-author The Farmers' Market Cookbook with
Jo-Marie Powers, which sent her to farmers' markets across the country - another
eye-opening venture that allowed her to see food and it's preparation in a
regional light.

It's for her work both in understanding Canadian cuisine and promoting it on the
national and international stage that Stewart will be named a Member of the
Order of Canada this spring.

The citation notes Stewart's contributions as a journalist, author and culinary
activist and for her promotion of the food industry in Canada.

Stewart will be sharing the limelight with former prime minister Paul Martin,
former Lieutenant-Governor of Ontario James Bartleman, retired General Rick
Hillier and Vinyl Caf? host Stuart McLean, who are also on the list of 66
appointees that was released Friday.

"It's spectacular," Stewart said in a phone interview from her home in Elora
over the weekend. "I've been jumping up and down for about a month but couldn't
tell anyone. I'm really excited about what this can mean. It will give me more
credibility and that's useful. It means I do know what I'm talking about."

She said she hopes to elevate food writing as a genre and food history as a
legitimate area of study.

She herself received a master's degree in gastronomy from the University of
Adelaide in South Australia, and her books are as much travelogue as cookbook,
full of adventures and interesting characters.

When Stewart started to research Canadian cuisine 30 years ago, there was no
internet and folks working and researching in the food industry did so in
isolation.

"There were a number of innovators who were doing interesting things but they
didn't know each other," Stewart said.

"Now there's a network of great people in the food and culture arena and a
greater appreciation of how each contributes to the culture. We're beginning to
understand that Canada has an extraordinary collection of incredible cuisine."

Over her career, Stewart has authored or co-authored 14 cookbooks, was the food
columnist for CBC's Fresh Air radio program, has given keynote speeches at
numerous culinary events including at the 2010 Winter Olympic Games, the 2010
Calgary Stampede, and organized movements to support beef farmers during the mad
cow disease crisis.

In June 2011, Stewart received an honorary Doctor of Laws degree from the
University of Guelph.

Her latest book, Anita Stewart's Canada - The Food, The Recipes, The Stories,
received Cuisine Canada's Gold Award.

Chuck Cunningham, director of communications for the University of Guelph, said
he first met Stewart about 10 years ago when they both travelled to Toronto for
Lincoln Alexander's 80th birthday dinner.

Alexander was chancellor of the university and Stewart had orchestrated the meal
using Canadian foods, many of which were developed at the University of Guelph.

"What a firecracker she was and is," Cunningham said in an email.

"Who can say no to Anita? Her passion, enthusiasm and absolute commitment to
promoting Canadian cuisine ignites the foodie in every one of us."

In a news release, Wellington-Halton Hills MP Michael Chong lauded Stewart for
her accomplishments.

"Anita has made an exceptional contribution to food and cuisine in Canada. I am
proud that the contributions of a local resident are being recognized through
the Order of Canada. It is a momentous honour and achievement," Chong stated.

The Order of Canada recognizes people in all sectors of Canadian society for a
lifetime of outstanding achievement, dedication to the community and service to
the nation.

Guelph and area can boast many recipients, including Sister Christine Leyser,
Tom King and Robert Munsch.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                           February 28, 2008 Thursday

Holding on to prime position

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 687 words


There is no doubt that many of the region's farms have survived the difficulties
of the last decade by being smart, thinking outside the traditional farming
patterns and looking for alternative sources of income.

This has meant becoming a more visible part of the food chain, adding value so
pork becomes sausages, apples become juice or cider, milk becomes cheese, butter
or yoghurt. It has meant opening farm shops, going to farmers' markets and
engaging much more frequently with consumers. So far so good.

The Westcountry has been ahead of the game in adding value and speciality foods
but large parts of the rest of the UK are catching up fast. So how can the
region's farmers hold on to their prime position? The answer is by being smarter
and more professional.

It is about understanding the market and about investing in marketing and
promotion - words not always found in the agricultural lexicon. It means, for
example, not turning up at farmers' markets with badly packaged products and
handwritten neon-coloured labels.

Consumers shop with their eyes and anything that looks unappealing, or
amateurish, will not be at the top of their shopping list. The same applies to
farm shops, which I think have a great future as more and more people want to
buy local food that is fresh, and with a provenance that they can trust.

In both Devon and Cornwall there are some model establishments who have shown
how it should be done. Lobbs Farm Shop, for example, is expanding its butchery
and delicatessen area, proving that there is plenty of demand for the farm's
home-produced meat, vegetables and other products. Countryman's Choice flies the
flag for more than 50 local food businesses.

There are still gaps for innovation too - unusual vegetables, salad leaves,
herbs and poultry are just a few that spring to mind. And while still only a
small proportion of the overall food and drink market, there is clearly a bright
future for organic farming too.

The phenomenal growth of this market - 22 per cent in 2006 and predicted to grow
even faster - shows that customers are prepared to vote with their purses. It
would be a shame if many of those livestock producers who have gone through the
conversion period are unable to sustain the momentum due to the shortage of
organic feeds. Imported organic produce is not what buying organic should be
about.

Another encouraging sign is the growing number of farmer-chef supply
relationships that are emerging across the region. Fifteen Cornwall has set a
benchmark - 80 per cent of the ingredients used in the restaurant are Cornish -
and there are others doing just as well, although perhaps not quite so publicly.
What is encouraging is that these hotels, pubs and restaurants are recognising
that they may have to pay a little more but that their knowledgeable customers
are also willing to pay a small premium for top quality, locally-sourced
ingredients.

On their side of the supply chain farmers have to understand chefs' needs -
consistency of supply, delivery on time - and to have a constant dialogue about
availability and quality. When all the elements are right, it is a win-win
scenario for all parties.

There is no doubt that this year will be a difficult one. Whether the economy is
entering a recession or merely slowing down remains to be seen. And while higher
costs and inflation will mean all consumers looking more carefully at what they
spend, research reveals that for many food will not be at the top of the "spend
less" list.

Unfortunately it is those on low incomes, pensioners and single-parent families,
who will probably change their shopping habits fastest. Others will continue
buying local or organic, or both.

There are two reasons: first they like the benefits that buying locally and
ethically brings, recognising not only the personal health benefits but the
added value to the local community and economy; secondly, if belts are to be
tightened it is the treats that will go first, so instead of dining out more
people may chose to make more of an occasion out of eating at home, which in
turn means buying good quality, hopefully local, ingredients.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                           February 28, 2008 Thursday

Holding on to prime position

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 687 words


There is no doubt that many of the region's farms have survived the difficulties
of the last decade by being smart, thinking outside the traditional farming
patterns and looking for alternative sources of income.

This has meant becoming a more visible part of the food chain, adding value so
pork becomes sausages, apples become juice or cider, milk becomes cheese, butter
or yoghurt. It has meant opening farm shops, going to farmers' markets and
engaging much more frequently with consumers. So far so good.

The Westcountry has been ahead of the game in adding value and speciality foods
but large parts of the rest of the UK are catching up fast. So how can the
region's farmers hold on to their prime position? The answer is by being smarter
and more professional.

It is about understanding the market and about investing in marketing and
promotion - words not always found in the agricultural lexicon. It means, for
example, not turning up at farmers' markets with badly packaged products and
handwritten neon-coloured labels.

Consumers shop with their eyes and anything that looks unappealing, or
amateurish, will not be at the top of their shopping list. The same applies to
farm shops, which I think have a great future as more and more people want to
buy local food that is fresh, and with a provenance that they can trust.

In both Devon and Cornwall there are some model establishments who have shown
how it should be done. Lobbs Farm Shop, for example, is expanding its butchery
and delicatessen area, proving that there is plenty of demand for the farm's
home-produced meat, vegetables and other products. Countryman's Choice flies the
flag for more than 50 local food businesses.

There are still gaps for innovation too - unusual vegetables, salad leaves,
herbs and poultry are just a few that spring to mind. And while still only a
small proportion of the overall food and drink market, there is clearly a bright
future for organic farming too.

The phenomenal growth of this market - 22 per cent in 2006 and predicted to grow
even faster - shows that customers are prepared to vote with their purses. It
would be a shame if many of those livestock producers who have gone through the
conversion period are unable to sustain the momentum due to the shortage of
organic feeds. Imported organic produce is not what buying organic should be
about.

Another encouraging sign is the growing number of farmer-chef supply
relationships that are emerging across the region. Fifteen Cornwall has set a
benchmark - 80 per cent of the ingredients used in the restaurant are Cornish -
and there are others doing just as well, although perhaps not quite so publicly.
What is encouraging is that these hotels, pubs and restaurants are recognising
that they may have to pay a little more but that their knowledgeable customers
are also willing to pay a small premium for top quality, locally-sourced
ingredients.

On their side of the supply chain farmers have to understand chefs' needs -
consistency of supply, delivery on time - and to have a constant dialogue about
availability and quality. When all the elements are right, it is a win-win
scenario for all parties.

There is no doubt that this year will be a difficult one. Whether the economy is
entering a recession or merely slowing down remains to be seen. And while higher
costs and inflation will mean all consumers looking more carefully at what they
spend, research reveals that for many food will not be at the top of the "spend
less" list.

Unfortunately it is those on low incomes, pensioners and single-parent families,
who will probably change their shopping habits fastest. Others will continue
buying local or organic, or both.

There are two reasons: first they like the benefits that buying locally and
ethically brings, recognising not only the personal health benefits but the
added value to the local community and economy; secondly, if belts are to be
tightened it is the treats that will go first, so instead of dining out more
people may chose to make more of an occasion out of eating at home, which in
turn means buying good quality, hopefully local, ingredients.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 2002 The Food and Drug Law Institute
                           Food and Drug Law Journal

                                      2002

                             57 Food Drug L.J. 371

LENGTH: 29077 words

ARTICLE: Is the Fox Guarding the Henhouse? Who Makes the Rules in American
Nutrition Policy?

NAME: Emily J. Schaffer *

BIO:


* Ms. Schaffer is an Associate at the law firm of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton
& Garrison in New York, NY. The author received her J.D., cum laude, from
Harvard Law School in 2001. She would like to thank Peter Barton Hutt, who
taught the Food and Drug Law course at Harvard, for his guidance and inspiration
with respect to this article. She would also like to thank her parents, Barbara
and Henry Schaffer, for their invaluable comments on countless drafts, as well
as for their unflagging support in this--as in every--endeavor.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... In December 1999, a collection of individuals and public interest groups,
headed by the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine (PCRM), filed suit
against Dan Glickman, Secretary of the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA), Donna Shalala, Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services
(DHHS), and Cutberto Garza, Chairman of the Dietary Guidelines Advisory
Committee for Year 2000 (Advisory Committee). ...  Like the Meat Board, the
Dairy Council gave lip-service to the established link between diet and chronic
disease by acknowledging the role of dietary cholesterol in the promotion of
heart disease, while largely absolving dairy products of any significant role by
ignoring the role of saturated fat. ...  While this could entail eliminating
meat, dairy, and eggs from the diet entirely, a more likely consequence--and one
which would substantially improve the overall nutrition of most Americans--would
be a reduction in the consumption of these products and an increase in
consumption of lower-fat alternatives. ...  Indeed, while modern measures have
attempted to reorient particular programs in a direction that will further
consumer interests, policy makers have failed to recognize the broader conflicts
that necessarily arise where the unifying message of a corpus of government
policies is more, while the overriding message from nutritionists interested
solely in tempering the public health hazard that is the American diet is less.
Until this overarching conflict is acknowledged and addressed, U.S. nutrition
policy will continue to be at odds with itself, constantly struggling to satisfy
the opposing interests of the food industry and consumers. ...

TEXT:
 [*371]  I. INTRODUCTION

   In December 1999, a collection of individuals and public interest groups,
headed by the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine (PCRM), filed suit
against Dan Glickman, Secretary of the United States Department of Agriculture
(USDA), Donna Shalala, Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services
(DHHS), and Cutberto Garza, Chairman of the Dietary Guidelines Advisory
Committee for Year 2000 (Advisory Committee).  n1 In their complaint, plaintiffs
alleged a failure on the part of these government agents to protect a variety of
individual and public interests, including health, philosophical, environmental,
and economic interests, and claimed that the agents favored instead the economic
interests of powerful food lobbies in the meat, dairy, and egg industries. This
claim reflects both the assumption that food industry interests conflict with a
number of individual and public interests,  n2 and the perception that the
government has chosen to "take sides" with industry at the expense of less
powerful or less organized groups.

   A number of scholars in the field of nutrition have noted the effects of
industry influence on the development of food and nutrition policies in the
United States.  n3 Legal scholarship, however, has failed to develop a
comprehensive theory of the proper role for government in the area of food
regulation and public nutrition. Indeed, a close look at U.S. nutrition policy
at the dawn of the twenty-first century reveals not a "coordinated,
comprehensive set of policy directives," but rather a collection of distinct
programs that affect, in a variety of ways, food production, consumption, and
regulation.  n4 The patchwork nature of nutrition policy can be partially
attributed to the complexity of  [*372]  the interests that government has
sought to protect, the diversity of goals it has aimed to achieve, and
substantial confusion and disagreement over the proper nature and scope of
governmental intervention.  n5 Furthermore, in addition to having to negotiate
amid a complex web of interests, policy makers must also confront the challenges
inherent in trying to apply a dynamic, often conflicting body of scientific
knowledge to concrete policy measures.

   This paper will examine the conflicts, crystallized in the PCRM lawsuit, that
have emerged as government has tried to balance its varied and often
inconsistent roles as regulator, educator, and provider against a background of
changing social, economic, and scientific conditions. Making sense of nutrition
policy today requires a contextual understanding of the interests and values
underlying measures that have collectively come to embody nutrition policy in
the United States. These measures will be examined from an historical
perspective. On the basis of this historical analysis, and in light of current
developments in nutrition policy, the argument will be made that government has,
by and large, supported the interests of the food industry at the expense of
individual and public health interests where these two sets of interests have
come into conflict.

   As this paper will demonstrate, many government acts that can be understood
as elements of nutrition policy were undertaken at a time when industry and
consumer interests were thought to be--and, to a great extent, truly were
--aligned. As a result, the government could implement policies for the benefit
of public health that met with little or no resistance from, and, in fact, often
were favored by, the food industry, as industry stood to gain at least as much
from government intervention as the public. Social, economic, and scientific
developments over the course of the twentieth century, however, led to a
substantial divergence of interests (or, in some instances, brought to light
conflicts that, while present, were previously unknown to nutrition science).
Such changes might have--and, as this paper will argue, should have--given rise
to a paradigm shift in nutrition policy. Such a large-scale shift, however, has
never taken place. That is, the government has never explicitly recognized or
accounted for the inherent conflicts in much of its established nutrition
policy, and federal agencies continue to develop and implement policy based on
an outdated understanding of the relationship between industry and public health
interests.

   While some progress has been made in recent years towards a more balanced
consideration of the interests on both sides of nutrition policy issues, the
PCRM lawsuit evinces the need for a more nuanced understanding of how
governmental policies affect public health. In addition, the PCRM complaint
highlights the interests at risk if government continues to support the food
industry, whose interests are currently pitted against public health interests,
rather than developing and implementing policies to foster a resolution of the
current conflict between industry and public health interests.

   II. PCRM v. GLICKMAN

   The federal government has been issuing dietary recommendations to the public
since 1917, when it first categorized foods into five groups and recommended
that people consume a variety of foods from each of these groups.  n6 Over the
years, as the government grew into its role as nutrition educator, it began to
issue recommendations that were both more sophisticated and more systematic. In
1980, USDA and the Department  [*373]  of Health, Education, and Welfare (DHEW,
now DHHS) first published Dietary Guidelines for Americans  n7 and have made
revisions every five years as new and updated scientific information has become
available. In addition to serving as an aid to individuals in making healthy
food choices, the Dietary Guidelines are relied upon by federal agencies charged
with carrying out federal food, nutrition, and health programs. It was the
selection of the Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee charged with revising the
1995 edition that triggered the plaintiffs' complaint in PCRM v. Glickman.

   The plaintiffs' basic claim was that the Secretaries of USDA and DHHS and the
Chairman of the Advisory Committee had a duty to ensure that plaintiffs'
nutrition interests were represented on the Advisory Committee during its year
2000 revisions to the Dietary Guidelines, and that they failed to fulfill this
duty. In particular, the plaintiffs alleged that these government agents
violated the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) by failing to comply with two
of FACA's requirements. First, the plaintiffs alleged a failure to meet the
requirement that all federal agencies establishing or utilizing advisory
committees ensure that such committees be "fairly balanced in terms of points of
view represented and the function to be performed."  n8 In addition, the
plaintiffs charged that Defendants violated FACA's requirement that once
operating, all committees must comply with provisions "designed to ensure public
access and participation,"  n9 a claim that implicated the provisions of the
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)."  n10

   In addition to PCRM, a nonprofit public interest association whose mission is
to promote preventive medicine through proper nutrition, plaintiffs included the
Black Vegetarian Society of Georgia, a nonprofit organization that promotes a
strict vegetarian (vegan) diet for health and philosophical reasons; ECE
Academy, a private elementary school, preschool, and childcare center that aims
to serve vegan meals to its students, some of whose families are eligible for
free or reduced-price meals under the National School Lunch Program (NSLP); New
Approach Health Foods, Inc., a grocery store with a primarily African-American,
lactose-intolerant customer base; Malcuh Yehuda, an African-American mother who
strives to feed her children a vegan diet, and whose six children were all
enrolled in schools participating in the NSLP; Aimee Artigliere, a mother who,
for health and philosophical reasons, strives to feed her biracial daughter, who
qualified for free school lunches under the NSLP, a vegetarian, milk-free diet;
William Owens, an African-American former Massachusetts Senator who sought to
ensure that government food programs "do not discriminate against minorities or
perpetuate health disparities"; and Dianne Wilkerson, a Massachusetts Senator
whose constituency is eighty percent African American, and who shares Senator
Owens' interest in guaranteeing nondiscriminatory food programs.  n11
Collectively, the plaintiffs  [*374]  claimed that at least six of the eleven
members of the Advisory Committee had significant financial ties to the meat,
dairy, and/or egg industries, and alleged that such ties represent conflicts of
interest giving rise to "inappropriate influence" on the Advisory Committee.
n12 Furthermore, plaintiffs asserted that no Advisory Committee member
represented the interests of the people directly affected by the Dietary
Guidelines, and specifically that "no members specifically represent the
interests of federal food assistance program recipients or minority populations,
who comprise a disproportionately large number of participants in federal food
assistance programs and who suffer disproportionately from dietary guidelines
which recommend diets that contain dairy and meat products."  n13

   The crux of the plaintiffs' claim was that because many Advisory Committee
members had a financial stake in specific food industries, the Advisory
Committee as a whole was unable to evaluate fairly any proposed revisions to the
Dietary Guidelines that would pose a threat to the continued well-being of these
industries.  n14 While the PCRM lawsuit marked the first court challenge to
nutrition policy on the ground that the committee charged with evaluating a
particular measure was inappropriately biased, a number of commentators,
primarily in the field of nutrition, have articulated broader concerns regarding
conflicts of interests affecting nutrition policy.  n15

   III. OVERVIEW OF CONFLICTS

   The mounting tension in the latter part of the twentieth century between the
economic interests of the American food industry and the nutrition interests of
American consumers can be attributed in large part to changing food production
and consumption patterns, coupled with an increasingly sophisticated
understanding of nutrition science. The American food industry generates
substantially more food than the American population can, or, for optimal
health, should consume.  n16 In terms of energy, the American food supply
provides a daily average of 3,800 calories for every person in the United
States--far more than most people require.  n17 To offset this disparity, the
food industry works hard to influence the consumption habits of individuals,
spending $ 30 billion a year on advertising and promotion to encourage consumers
to eat more.  n18

    [*375]  While the role of the government in the production and promotion of
surplus foodstuffs is not immediately apparent to most consumers, a variety of
federal programs encourage both the overproduction of food supplies and the
promotion and distribution of these supplies to the public. For example, farm
subsidies and price supports intended to protect farmers against unpredictable
pricing on account of fluctuating demand foster the oversupply of goods.  n19
When consumer demand fails to meet this supply, the federal government again
intervenes, participating in programs to encourage consumption and to utilize
the excess supply. Many major marketing campaigns of American agricultural
products, particularly in the meat, dairy, and egg industries, have been
supported by funds raised pursuant to federal statutes.  n20 Indeed, the
government has played an active role in shaping the American diet, intervening
at both the production and the consumption ends of the American food system. And
at both ends, the general theme of the government's intervention is more:
Farmers are encouraged to produce, and the public is encouraged to consume, more
of many agricultural products, presumably for the good of everyone.

   Nutrition science in the second half of the twentieth century, however, has
gradually come to the consensus that the most significant changes most Americans
need to make in their diets involve eating less. Indeed, the most prevalent
nutritional problem among American children today is obesity, largely the result
of societal and environmental changes that have tended to reduce physical
activity and promote the consumption of high-energy foods.  n21 Of all American
adults, fifty-two percent are overweight or obese and twenty-one percent are
obese.  n22 Worse, obesity rates are rising, particularly among African-American
and Hispanic children,  n23 and the percentage of overweight children has more
than doubled over the past thirty years.  n24 The health consequences of rising
obesity rates, including high blood pressure, elevated blood cholesterol levels,
and an increased risk of diabetes, heart attack, and cancer, represent a
significant public health concern. Indeed, poor diet and lack of physical
activity are associated with 300,000 deaths each year in the United States.  n25

   The impact of obesity and obesity-related health problems on the American
economy is staggering: in 1995, the economic cost of obesity was estimated at $
100 billion a year.  n26 This figure does not account for additional losses
resulting from the decreased productivity of workers who are absent from work
due to chronic health problems. While some may argue that individual food
choices are--or should be--outside the realm of government intervention, it is
nonetheless clear that in the aggregate, individual food choices have vast
public consequences. Indeed, the government has a compelling interest in
reversing the current trend of obesity. Any government action to mitigate the
dangers of obesity, however, would necessarily focus on decreasing consumption
of many of the very food products whose production and consumption the
government currently promotes. This shift toward dietary advice to eat less
directly conflicts with the interests of the food industry, whose profits
increase as the consuming public eats more, as well as with USDA's traditional
emphasis on eating more.  n27 Thus, the  [*376]  federal government today finds
itself in a bind: To serve the interests of the food industry, which currently
produces a surplus of fat- and energy-rich foodstuffs, USDA must promote many
foods whose consumption even at current levels flies in the face of the public's
interest in sound nutrition.

   In the early 1970s, Jean Mayer, former president of Tufts University and
renowned nutrition scholar, published a poignant article entitled USDA: Built-In
Conflicts, which chronicled a few of the perverse consequences resulting from
the conflicts inherent in this agency's mission.  n28 Mayer's article
highlighted several levels of conflict within USDA. First, it illustrated how
taken together, government programs designed to achieve the seemingly unified
goal of promoting agricultural production engendered absurd results. Mayer began
his article with a description of how various agricultural support programs can
work at counterpurposes. He pointed out, not without irony, that


     conflicts of interest always have been and still are inherent in the
     aims and structure of the United States Department of Agriculture. The
     department is supposed to promote production of agricultural
     commodities, insure stable (and sufficiently rewarding) prices, and
     protect farmers. It also administers price-support programs and
     agricultural subsidies and can retire land into the soil bank. Thus,
     we end up with a department that simultaneously subsidizes farmers to
     increase production ... pays them not to produce, and fixes prices or
     subsidies to save them from the consequences of the overproduction ...
     which would not have occurred had the government-subsidized program
     not existed.  n29

   A look at the cumulative effects of government efforts to promote
agricultural production reveals the complexity of what initially appears to be a
straightforward goal. In order to make sense of the seemingly bizarre results
Mayer described, one must infer a critical assumption, the origin of which will
be explored subsequently, at the heart of nearly all American agricultural
programs: more production is better than less, irrespective of demand. Where
public demand for agricultural products fails to meet supply, the role of
government is to encourage consumption, protecting farmers in the meantime
through a complex system of price supports.

   As if the administration of agricultural programs and concomitant
responsibility for protecting the complex interests of producers in the food
sector were not enough, however, USDA also is responsible for overseeing all
government-sponsored nutrition programs and for ensuring that the public-health
interests attendant to such programs are served. The second level of conflict
Mayer addresses reveals the unfortunate results that have grown out of this
awkward marriage of agricultural and public-health programs, administered under
the auspices of a single federal agency. As an example of how conflicts of
interest have arisen in the context of USDA nutrition programs, Mayer cited
USDA-administered donated commodity programs. Describing the interrelationship
between agricultural supports and welfare programs, he noted:


     Because the donated commodity program (on which 3.5 million poor
     Americans, the elderly poor in particular, are totally dependent, and
     which is used as one of the mainstays of communal feeding in schools,
     vacation camps, and elderly meals programs) is used to help resorb the
     farm surplus, it often largely consists of inappropriate foods. In
     some cases the foods are unfamiliar or difficult to cope with ...
     Other foods are medically inadvisable ... [for example]  [*377]
     school programs ... have to use whole milk ... even in urban areas
     where 20 percent of the children and adolescents may be obese, when
     skim milk...would clearly be more appropriate.  n30

   Striking in Mayer's commentary are the counterpurposes at which the
agricultural program and the nutrition program are working. Mayer's own
position, from the perspective of a nutritionist, is that USDA has generally
given short shrift to the public's interest in sound nutrition.

   Mayer was not insensitive, however, to the important role of American farmers
in providing for the health and nutrition of the American people. Nonetheless,
he urged policy makers to recognize that the interests of farmers and consumers
are not in complete alignment and argued that an equilibrium must be reached to
balance their interests:


     No one concerned with the continued health and prosperity of the
     nation wants the two million farmers on whom the bulk of our food
     production depends to be neglected or to be deprived of a voice in
     government. But neither is there a reason why 15 million poor, 40
     million school children ... should always be subordinated to a special
     interest group, important though it may be.  n31

   Despite criticisms such as these, conflicts are still rife in U.S. nutrition
policy. Notwithstanding Mayer's conclusion that USDA should be relieved of its
role as the primary agency responsible for developing, implementing, and
administering nutrition policy and be replaced in this capacity by the Food and
Drug Administration (FDA), the 1977 Farm Bill  n32 and the 1988 meeting of the
House Appropriations Committee both reaffirmed USDA's responsibility, which it
was to share with DHEW (now DHHS), for a wide range of nutrition research and
education activities.  n33 USDA continues as the lead agency for nutrition
policy-making today. As the plaintiffs in the PCRM lawsuit alleged, conflicts
such as those Mayer exposed as early as 1973 resulted, in the late 1990s, in the
selection of an Advisory Committee whose members, because of financial ties to
the food industry, were unable to provide unbiased recommendations for a healthy
diet. While the inclusion of DHHS as the secondary agency responsible for
nutrition policy has arguably alleviated some of the particular conflicts Mayer
revealed, the PCRM action is a stark indication that nearly thirty years after
Mayer published his article, an equilibrium between industry and consumer
interests has yet to be reached.

   Because the D.C. District Court in PCRM v. Glickman did not adjudicate the
substantive issue of whether the Advisory Committee members' financial ties to
the food industry created an inappropriate conflict of interest under FACA, the
nature and extent of food industry influence over the Dietary Guidelines allowed
under the law remains an open question. While the appropriate role of the food
industry in shaping nutrition policy is subject to debate, the industry's
ability to influence policy is undeniable. Marion Nestle, Chair of the
Department of Nutrition and Food Studies at New York University and a member of
both the 1995 USDA/DHHS Advisory Committee and the 1996 American Cancer Society
(ACS) committee to issue dietary guidelines for cancer prevention, has written
extensively on the power of the food industry to affect nutrition policy in the
United States.  n34 Comparing the ACS guidelines with USDA/DHHS guidelines,
Nestle remarked:


      [*378]  The ACS guidelines are clearer than the federal ones, mainly
     because the ACS committee was not subject to political considerations.
     I was on the dietary guidelines advisory committee that did the 1995
     [USDA/DHHS] guidelines. We received five feet of documents from
     lobbyists wanting us not to say anything negative about their food
     products ...  n35

   The food industry clearly perceived the importance of the Dietary Guidelines
both as an educational tool for consumers and as the foundation upon which
health and nutrition policies at all levels of government are based. Industry
lobbyists put pressure on the Advisory Committee to use language that would
encourage the consumption of their products. Such efforts have met with striking
success: Nestle credits meat industry lobbyists, for example, through their
connections in Congress and in USDA, with the Advisory Committee's consecutive
decisions to change their advice regarding meat consumption first from "eat
less" to "choose lean" and finally to "have two or three servings."  n36 In
light of the fact that meat sources provide fully thirty percent of the total
fat in the average American diet; that most Americans consume substantially more
fat than is recommended to promote health and fight chronic disease; and that
even as the recommendations in the Dietary Guidelines were being formulated,
nutritionists were reaching the consensus that reducing total fat intake was a
critical element to improving public health, such changes are a true testament
to the power of the meat lobby.

   In 1993, Nestle echoed the opinion of Jean Mayer, expressed twenty years
earlier, that nutrition education (and perhaps nutrition policy making in
general) may be a task better left to federal agencies less conflicted than
USDA.  n37 And yet, in 1999, when PCRM and others wanted to challenge nutrition
policies that did not reflect their interests, two of their three principal
adversaries were agents of USDA, still the primary agency responsible for
nutrition policy.  n38 From today's perspective, it may be hard to imagine how
the agency responsible for agricultural production came also to be responsible
for public nutrition. Understanding the development of a nutrition policy whose
inherent conflicts and inconsistencies today seem so apparent requires an
appreciation of the social, economic, and scientific underpinnings of early
nutrition policy. While this historical perspective helps to elucidate the
original rationale behind linking agricultural policies to nutrition policy, it
also reveals the enormous changes that have taken place since the inception of
these policies. In light of such changes, it is apparent that nothing short of a
complete paradigm shift, which explicitly recognizes the inherent tension
between the goals of nutrition policy and the interests of the food industry,
will enable the government to resolve fairly, and in the best interest of the
public, conflicts such as those underlying PCRM v. Glickman.

    [*379]  IV. THE HISTORY OF NUTRITION POLICY: 1862-1956

A. Early Nutrition Science

   In the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, infectious disease was
the primary cause of death among Americans, and few people lived long enough to
experience the chronic diseases that today represent America's most pressing
health concerns.  n39 During their lifetimes, millions of Americans fell prey to
vitamin and mineral deficiency diseases such as pellagra (niacin deficiency),
rickets (vitamin D deficiency), goiter (iodine deficiency), scurvy (vitamin C
deficiency), and beri-beri (thiamine deficiency). Between 1906 and 1940,
approximately three million cases of pellagra were reported, 100,000 of which
resulted in death; and a study conducted in 1921 revealed that seventy-five
percent of children living in New York City were afflicted with rickets.  n40 In
the early part of the twentieth century, the cause of these diseases was still a
scientific mystery. While nineteenth century biochemists and physiologists had
discovered the macronutrients protein, carbohydrate, and fat, the first
micronutrients were not discovered until the early twentieth century.  n41

   In 1912, Dr. Casimir Funk, a Polish-born American biochemist, coined the term
"vitamines" for the unidentified factors present in foods that he discovered
were essential to the prevention of certain diseases.  n42 In 1922, Funk
published his theory in a work entitled The Vitamines, which postulated that
these elements could prevent scurvy, beri-beri, and pellagra.  n43 The following
year, University of Wisconsin researchers Elmer McCollum and Marguerite Davis
discovered that rats, when deprived of a particular substance present in milk
fat and egg yolks, were unable to grow properly. This essential "growth factor"
was vitamin A.  n44 In light of the prevalence and the crushing consequences of
malnutrition at the time, the discovery of vitamins represented a major
breakthrough in nutrition science. Unsurprisingly, micronutrients and their
health benefits emerged as the primary focus of nutrition research.

   During this stage of development of nutrition science, farmers and
nutritionists became close allies: farmers donated money for nutrition research
and education, while nutrition scientists produced a growing body of evidence
that the consumption of nutrient-rich agricultural products was the key to
improved health.  n45 In 1915, for example, on the advice of nutrition scientist
and enthusiastic dairy advocate Elmer McCollum, dairy farmers joined together to
create the National Dairy Council, whose mission was to educate the public about
the nutritional value of milk. In retrospect, one nutritionist has described
nutrition science in the first half of the twentieth century as being "like a
1930s musical. Everyone was happy with the fruits of nutrition research. There
was something for everyone: the farmer, the researcher, the U.S. citizen ...."
n46 Scientists held a strictly positivist view of the relationship between food
and health, and  [*380]  micronutrients assumed center stage in nutrition
policy. The only "bad" substance in food was one that interfered with the body's
ability to absorb nutrients. The higher a particular food was in nutrients, the
better marks it got from nutritionists, and the more enthusiastically its
consumption was encouraged.

   The discovery of vitamins promised solutions to many of the health problems
that had plagued the American population. Scientific advances that linked diet
and health provided the nexus the government needed to understand nutrition as
an issue of public concern. The discovery of dietary factors that could
potentially eradicate some of the most significant health concerns of the time
was the key that cracked the code of many mysterious ailments. Ensuring that the
American public had access to foods containing the vitamins that were the focus
of so much scientific attention became the primary objective of the government's
nutrition policy. As the scientific community gradually came to understand the
importance of vitamins, the government was eager to put this knowledge to use.

B. Establishment of USDA

   The creation of the United States Department of Agriculture by congressional
mandate in 1862 was perhaps the first governmental step toward the development
of a nutrition policy. At the time, no distinction was drawn between "food
policy" and "nutrition policy," and the fledgling department was charged with a
dual mission: to ensure a safe and adequate food supply, and to supply the
American public with useful information about agricultural products.  n47 In its
House Report recommending the establishment of a Department of Agriculture, the
Committee on Agriculture stressed the need to support farmers by granting them a
voice in the federal government: "While law makers have spoken very pleasant and
truthful words about farming and its interests, they have done very little for
this interest."  n48 The Committee justified its recommendation not only with
sentimental exaltations ("The cultivation of the earth was the first duty
assigned to man ... When its culture shall have reached its highest point of
perfection ... man may hope to find the whole earth transformed into the
beautiful garden that he left in the olden time."),  n49 but also with reference
to the public utility of an agricultural department. Fearful that the demands of
a rapidly expanding American population would soon surpass American
agriculture's production capacities, the Committee urged Congress to support the
establishment of USDA in order to facilitate progress in agricultural science to
ensure an adequate food supply.  n50 In addition, the Committee stressed the
importance of disseminating to the public useful information about the nation's
food supply.  n51

   The two components of USDA's mission to support agriculture and to educate
the public about American agricultural products were largely complementary in an
era in which millions of Americans died each year from malnutrition. When the
government decided to step in with programs to promote public health, it quite
rightly recognized the need to encourage the production and consumption of a
variety of agricultural products as a means of ensuring adequate intake of
vitamins and minerals.

 [*381]  C. Government as Regulator

   In the early years of nutrition policy, the federal government began to
regulate the food supply, both by statute and through the exercise of agency
authority. Early measures, including the Filled Milk Act,  n52 the milk
marketing orders of the Agricultural Marketing Agreement Act,  n53 and the Pure
Food and Drugs Act of 1906,  n54 imposed a series of new requirements on
producers. The legislative history of such measures attests to the belief that
such requirements would have a salutary effect on both the nutritional health of
consumers and the economic health of producers.

   In considering a bill to prohibit the sale and distribution of dairy products
whose milk fat was replaced with vegetable oil, the House and Senate weighed
evidence that such "filled" dairy products were a threat to both consumer health
and to dairy industry profits.  n55 Both houses were convinced that everyone
stood to gain from the prohibition of such products, and the bill was enacted as
the Filled Milk Act.  n56 Similarly, when Congress authorized the Secretary of
Agriculture to impose a uniform pricing mechanism to stabilize dairy prices in
1937, the chosen method reflected a concern both for public nutrition and for
the viability of the nation's dairy producers.  n57 The fat-based pricing
system, which rewarded farmers for producing milk with a high fat content,
compensated dairy farmers for the relatively higher cost of producing high fat
milk to ensure that whole milk--then considered to be the most nutritious--would
be readily available to consumers.  n58

   In addition to industry-specific measures, Congress enacted the Pure Food and
Drugs Act of 1906,  n59 a much broader piece of legislation intended to ensure
the purity of the food supply. Legislative history indicates that various
consumer protection bills had been proposed to regulate food purity prior to
1906, but the dairy industry, the meat industry, and food manufacturers had
opposed the early bills.  n60 After food industry representatives achieved a
hearing to express their concerns, however, a series of changes were made to the
bill that was ultimately enacted as the Pure Food and Drugs Act of 1906. While
the Act remained, by and large, a consumer protection statute, the success of
the food industry in lobbying for revisions to protect their interests presaged
a trend towards deference to industry that would dominate food legislation for
years to come.

 [*382]  D. Government as Educator

   In addition to enacting legislative measures to regulate the provision of
agricultural commodities to the public, the federal government participated in
campaigns to educate consumers about the nutritional value of a variety of
agricultural products and to encourage their hearty consumption. The government
was eager to translate the recent scientific breakthroughs into policies that
included the dissemination of useful nutrition advice to the public, and food
restrictions and shortages during World War I made the need for such policies
all the more pressing.  n61 USDA issued its first food guide, which provided
recommendations on food intake for young children, in 1916. The following year,
USDA published general dietary recommendations based on five food groups: milk
and meat, cereals, vegetables and fruits, fats and fat-containing foods, and
sugars and sugary foods.  n62 In order to help people shop for food during the
Depression, USDA came up with "family food plans," which recommended the amounts
of different foods to buy and use in a week.

   During the World War II era, the government taught Americans to choose foods
from each of the Basic Seven, a system built on the positivist principle that
every food that contributed nutrients could and should be incorporated into the
diet.  n63 In 1956, USDA's Basic Seven was reduced to the Basic Four, but the
premise that all foods should be included in the diet remained the same: the
guidelines encouraged consumers to eat a variety of foods and discouraged the
consumption of none. This approach appealed to the food industry; in fact, the
dairy industry was so enthusiastic about the Basic Four that it volunteered to
create and distribute nutrition information to the public.  n64 The government
was happy to oblige: rather than spending public dollars to provide educational
materials to schools nationwide, the government simply allowed the National
Dairy Council to take charge, making the industry organization the nation's
leading nutritional educator. While the Dairy Council had an obvious interest in
encouraging the consumption of dairy products, its economic interests were
largely aligned with the government's interest in promoting public health.
Indeed, unqualified support for dairy products was perfectly consonant with the
positivist nutritional wisdom of the time. Allowing the Dairy Council to step
into the role of nutrition educator seemed to be a win-win situation: the
government was spared the expense and administrative burden of undertaking the
task itself, and farmers and consumers alike would benefit from the
proliferation of advice to increase consumption of nutrient-dense milk and dairy
products.

E. Government as Provider

1. Donated Commodities Programs

   During the Depression of the 1930s, the federal government for the first time
took an active role not only as regulator and educator, but also as provider of
agricultural commodities to an impoverished population. As unemployment in urban
areas skyrocketed and millions of people became unable to afford basic
foodstuffs, agricultural producers found themselves without a market for their
goods. Many people lacked the resources to provide adequate diets for themselves
and their children. Although both state and local governments authorized local
school districts to provide meals for children  [*383]  whose families lacked
the means to feed them, it soon became apparent that local governments and
school district boards could not provide the funds necessary to carry the
increasing load.  n65

   In 1932, the federal government stepped in, granting loans to several towns
in southwestern Missouri to cover the cost of labor for preparing and serving
school lunches.  n66 In order to prevent large-scale hunger and malnutrition,
while at the same time rescuing many tons of agricultural produce from rotting
in the fields, Congress expanded federal assistance over the next several years.
In 1935, Congress passed legislation authorizing USDA to purchase surplus
commodities and to donate them to public assistance programs.  n67 This law was
intended to provide assistance both to needy consumers and to producers whose
supply so exceeded demand that they were unable to command sufficiently
rewarding prices for their goods.

   A current USDA publication tracing the history of donated commodities
programs explains the underlying purpose as well as the mechanics of the 1935
legislation.  n68 The law provided for the appropriation of resources


     to be maintained in a separate fund to be used by the Secretary to
     encourage the domestic consumption of certain agricultural commodities
     ... by diverting them from the normal channels of trade and commerce.
     The object of this legislation was to remove price-depressing surplus
     foods from the market through government purchase and dispose of them
     through ... domestic donations to consumers in such a way as not to
     interfere with normal sales.  n69

   School lunch programs were among the principal outlets for surplus
agricultural supplies, and feeding programs expanded rapidly during the
remainder of the 1930s. The staple foods donated to these programs were surplus
pork, dairy products, and wheat.  n70

   Scholars have noted that while schools and other public welfare programs
undeniably benefited from the donated commodities programs established in the
1930s, the principal focus of the legislation authorizing these programs was on
stabilizing and supporting the depressed agricultural sector.  n71 Indeed, the
system for preparing and distributing the surplus commodities to consumers and
institutions was relatively unsophisticated. Food supplies were often received
in "bulky cuts and unwieldy containers. Recipients usually had to scramble to
find a place to store the food and plan their menus around it."  n72 The
provisions of the Agricultural Adjustment Act that channeled surplus commodities
to schools and public aid programs was, first and foremost, a means of
revitalizing the sagging agricultural sector, and only secondarily concerned
with providing functional foodstuffs to needy consumers.

   In the 1940s, however, the focus shifted slightly. Concerns about the
nutritional adequacy of the American diet heightened following reports that
fully twenty-five percent  [*384]  of draftees during World War II showed signs
of past or present malnutrition, and were, on that basis, rejected from service.
n73 The consequences of childhood malnutrition were jarringly revealed as an
issue of national security, and in this light, nutrition concerns achieved a new
level of importance in the eyes of the federal government.  n74 At the same
time, the huge demand for food supplies by American and Allied forces fighting
during the war alleviated the surplus problems that had driven the 1935
legislation. Conveniently, the government was able to focus on nutrition while
the war took care of the economic imbalance between supply and demand, and, in
1946, the National School Lunch Program was permanently authorized.

   V. THE EMERGENCE OF CONFLICT IN NUTRITION POLICY: 1958-1980

A. Developments in Nutrition Science

   As early in nutrition science as the days when Elmer McCollum and Marguerite
Davis were focused on discovering and exploring the essential micronutrients
contained in milk fat and egg yolk, scientists working in Russia discovered that
when rabbits were fed these same two foods, they developed atherosclerosis, the
underlying cause of most heart attacks and strokes.  n75 Little attention was
paid to this discovery in the United States, however, and for good reason: in
the early 1900s, when the ravages of infectious disease and malnutrition
resulted in an average American lifespan of approximately fifty years, chronic
diseases such as atherosclerosis were scant cause for public concern. By the
1950s, however, nutrition scientists began to uncover a series of ill effects
associated with dietary excess. As Americans began to live longer, the health
consequences of long-term excessive consumption of certain nutrients gradually
became apparent. And as chronic disease rates steadily climbed--overtaking both
infectious disease and diseases of undernutrition as primary causes of death
among Americans--the sun began to set on the positivist era of nutrition science
in America.

   The first indication that the American diet contributed to heart disease was
discovered inadvertently during the Korean War. Doctors who autopsied the
corpses of American soldiers killed in battle discovered that more than
seventy-seven percent of these soldiers had significant atherosclerotic deposits
in their blood vessels, while equally young soldiers of the opposing forces had
no such deposits.  n76 While the disparity was initially attributed to genetic
factors, this hypothesis was undermined by evidence that Korean soldiers fed a
U.S. Army diet quickly developed significant increases in their blood
cholesterol levels, a precursor to atherosclerosis.  n77 These discoveries
piqued the interest of nutrition scientists, who began seriously to consider the
potential negative health effects of foods previously endorsed unequivocally for
their abundance of micronutrients. While the link between diet and
atherosclerosis was not new, its importance in the increasingly affluent
post-World War II era demanded attention as it never had in years past. For the
first time, scientists began to examine in earnest the early observation by
Canadian physician and renowned medical educator, Sir William Osler,  [*385]
that the rich, whose diets included meat and other fatty foods, succumbed to
heart disease more frequently than the poor, who ate mostly low-fat grains.  n78

   Prompted by such evidence as the pattern of atherosclerosis among soldiers
fed an American military diet, scientists began conducting epidemiological
studies to test the link between diet and heart disease. From 1963 to 1965,
researchers from around the world participated in the International
Atherosclerotic Project, in which over 20,000 autopsied bodies from sixteen
cities in different parts of the world were inspected for traces of arterial
plaque. The results of this project revealed an unmistakable pattern:
populations with diets high in saturated fat and cholesterol consistently had
higher rates of heart disease than populations with diets low in these elements.
n79 In another massive epidemiological study, Dr. Ancel Keys of the University
of Minnesota School of Public Health chemically analyzed the diets of men in
seven countries and found that heart disease rates in each region closely
tracked the amount of saturated fat in the foods these men ate.  n80 The
hypothesis that genetic factors explained this correlation was again quickly
refuted by studies of migrating populations. Keys and his colleagues found, for
example, that middle-aged Japanese men living in Hawaii, whose fat intake was
triple that of Japanese men in Japan, were twice as likely to suffer severe
atherosclerosis as middle-aged Japanese men living in Japan.  n81

   While the epidemiological evidence amassed during this period clearly pointed
towards a strong diet-health link, laboratory studies supporting the
epidemiological evidence were required to prove such a link. Studies were
performed on rabbits and chickens; dogs and rats; and monkeys and pigs, and all
indicated that when fed a high-cholesterol diet, these animals developed
atherosclerosis.  n82 Dr. Robert Wissler and his colleagues at the University of
Chicago performed similar studies on rhesus monkeys. Their studies showed that
when fed a typical American diet, the monkeys developed atherosclerotic plaque
very similar to that observed in human arteries at a rate six times higher than
monkeys fed a modified, low-fat American diet.  n83 Furthermore, this study
concluded not only that a diet high in saturated fat contributed to the
development of atherosclerotic plaque, but that a subsequent switch to a low-fat
diet actually reversed the damage done and reduced the amount of plaque in the
monkeys' arteries.  n84

   The first scientific statement urging a reduction in dietary fat as a way to
prevent heart disease, signed by eight prominent physicians and 106 members of
the American Society for the Study of Arteriosclerosis, was issued in 1958 by a
private group called the National Health Education Committee.  n85 Their
statement, issued at a time when nutrient-rich foods were still uniformly
celebrated, asserted rather apologetically, "The reduction or control of fat
consumption under medical supervision, with reasonable substitution of
polyunsaturated for saturated fats is recommended as a possible means  [*386]
of preventing heart attacks and strokes," and included the qualification, "this
recommendation is based on the best scientific information available at the
present time."  n86 While the National Health Education Committee found the
evidence linking diet and heart disease convincing enough to warrant a
recommendation to reduce fat consumption, its signatories clearly sensed that
they were going out on a limb. Their position would gain support, however, over
the course of the next two decades.

   The American Heart Association (AHA) was the next group to assert--albeit
equally tentatively--a link between diet and heart disease. In 1961, the AHA
reported: "Research studies have given clues to the prevention of
atherosclerosis by dietary means. A reduction in blood cholesterol ... may
lessen the development or extension of atherosclerosis and hence the risk of
heart attacks or strokes."  n87 The AHA included an even more explicit caveat
than the National Health Education Committee had done regarding the inconclusive
nature of the research: "It must be emphasized that there is yet no final proof
that heart attacks or strokes will be prevented by such measures."  n88

   While such disclaimers may have been warranted in the early years of research
on the connection between diet and heart disease, the labels "inconclusive" and
"controversial" to describe the studies linking diet and chronic disease
lingered well beyond the initial stages of research. Indeed, such associations
as the National Health Education Committee and the AHA were hesitant to embrace
the scientific community's findings, even as they recommended other health
measures on the basis of evidence more tenuous than that linking diet and heart
disease.  n89 Over the course of the next twenty years, the argument that all of
the scientific data were not yet in on the correlation between diet and heart
disease would become the collective battle cry of the meat, dairy, and egg
industries.

   Meanwhile, epidemiological and laboratory studies began to reveal that
atherosclerosis was not the only chronic disease associated with diet. Several
types of cancer, including breast and colon cancer--two of the top cancer
killers in the United States--were shown to correlate with diets high in fat.
n90 A 1942 study controlling for a number of dietary factors noted the
"striking" increase in breast tumors among rats fed a high-fat diet.  n91
Researchers continued to study the link between fat intake and breast cancer
throughout the 1940s and 1950s, but their studies were eclipsed by the
then-dominant line of research that focused on finding a virus responsible for
cancer, and their results never made it into the public eye.  n92

   Increasing evidence of the link between fat and cancer gradually pushed the
scientific community toward the hypothesis that diet was an important factor in
the incidence of certain cancers. Several studies conducted in the 1960s, some
of whose breadth rivaled that of the International Atherosclerotic Project,
supported the correlation between fat intake and some forms of cancer.  n93
These studies provided strong evidence  [*387]  that where other factors were
equivalent, a high fat intake made the difference between low and high incidence
of certain types of cancer in a given population.  n94 While the causes of
cancer have proved more elusive than the causes of heart disease, nutrition
science has produced substantial evidence that a high-fat diet cannot be
exculpated as a likely factor.

   Reflecting on the shifting focus among nutrition scientists away from
malnutrition and toward problems of excess, Dr. Julius Richmond, the Surgeon
General and Assistant Secretary for Health, reported to the Senate in 1977 that



     many experts now believe that we have entered a new era in nutrition,
     when the lack of essential nutrients no longer is the major
     nutritional problem facing most American people. Evidence suggests
     that the major problems of heart disease, hypertension, cancer,
     diabetes, and other chronic disease are significantly related to diet.
     Although improved nutrition alone will not prevent these diseases,
     more attention is being focused on the underlying dietary habits that
     may be antecedent or contributing causes of these conditions. We view
     this as a positive sign of the progress that has been made thus far
     and that undoubtedly will continue ... We believe it is essential to
     convey to the public the current state of knowledge about the
     potential benefits of modifying dietary habits, without overstating
     the benefits that could possibly result from the adoption of
     alternative dietary practices, such as reducing excessive caloric
     intake and eating less fat, less sugar, and less salt.  n95

   By 1977, it was clear that the majority of Americans had ready access to an
adequate supply of micronutrients and an adequate caloric intake to avoid the
malnutrition of the early part of the twentieth century. This success was
attributable to the cooperative efforts of nutrition scientists, who provided an
understanding of the role vitamins played in promoting health, and the
government, through its programs to ensure that the foods Americans ate
contained these necessary vitamins. It became increasingly clear, however, that
insufficient micronutrient intake was not the only dietary factor detrimental to
health.

   Despite the growing number of nutritionists who began to believe that excess
fat was implicated in a variety of chronic diseases, a not-insubstantial group
of "old school" nutritionists remained faithful to the traditional, positivist
view of nutrition and denied allegations that any foods rich in vitamins and
minerals could be detrimental to health. While the course of nutrition science
would gradually discredit the position that a high-fat diet had no adverse
health consequences, the existence of even minority-held views to this effect
enabled those groups with an economic interest in promoting the consumption of
high-fat foods to maintain that evidence supporting the link between fat  [*388]
and chronic disease was "controversial."  n96 As nutrition science continued to
explore the health repercussions of nutritional excess, a new relationship
between science, the food industry, and the government began to emerge.

B. The Response of the Food Industry

   For the first time since scientists had begun to study the link between diet
and health, discoveries in the field of nutrition science meant bad news for the
most powerful sectors of the food industry. The inevitable conclusion of much of
the research conducted after 1950 was that Americans needed to reduce their
consumption of foods of animal origin, which together accounted for nearly
forty-five percent of the total fat, sixty percent of the saturated fat, and all
of the cholesterol in the American diet.  n97 Reduced consumption, however,
presented an obvious threat to the economic well-being of the meat, dairy, and
egg industries. These three industries quickly mobilized, mounting massive
campaigns to discredit the growing scientific evidence that a diet high in these
animal products promoted chronic disease. In addition to allocating vast
resources to fund scientific studies affirming the healthfulness of their
products, lobbyists for the meat, dairy, and egg producers exerted their
substantial political influence to ensure that the government would continue to
promote their products and would not support any measures that threatened their
position in the food market.

   1. The Meat Industry  n98

   When scientific evidence linking high-fat diets and heart disease first began
making headlines (in medical and nutrition journals, if not yet in the public
media) the Chicago-based National Live Stock and Meat Board (Meat Board) was the
most powerful marketing association for the cattle industry. For years, the Meat
Board had funded nutrition research, provided educational materials to schools,
and published a nutrition newsletter for interested professionals, farmers, and
the public. Through the early 1950s, nutrition information sponsored by the Meat
Board, which extolled the virtues of meat, represented a truthful rendition of
the scientific knowledge of the day. As high meat consumption began to be
implicated in chronic disease, however, the Meat Board was confronted with the
possibility that health-conscious consumers may decide, on the basis of the new
evidence condemning high-fat diets, to reduce their meat consumption--an
unacceptable state of affairs in the eyes of the cattle industry. As a result,
the Meat Board adopted a strategy of denial: all claims linking meat consumption
to heart disease or other adverse health consequences were systematically
rejected.

   The Meat Board used several approaches to exculpate meat from its alleged
role in promoting chronic disease. In the information it disseminated, both to
the public and  [*389]  throughout health and nutrition industry media, the Meat
Board recognized high cholesterol as a risk factor for heart disease but
vehemently denied that saturated fat intake had any effect on serum cholesterol.
Throughout the 1960s, as researchers using human subjects demonstrated the link
between a high-fat diet and increased levels of serum cholesterol, the Meat
Board reported studies showing no relationship between saturated fat and serum
cholesterol. Such studies, however, were conducted on roosters. Selectively
publishing only the scientific data that supported its position, while ignoring
contrary evidence of arguably greater scientific relevance, was one of the ways
in which the Meat Board attempted to fend off criticism of meat and to maintain
its prominent position in the American diet.

   While vociferously rejecting claims that meat consumption was associated with
health risks, the Meat Board fought hard to keep any allegations to the contrary
out of the public eye. In addition to disseminating its own biased nutrition
information, the Meat Board, along with the National Cattleman's Association
(the meat industry's most influential lobbying organization), worked to ensure
that the nutrition information endorsed by the government reflected the meat
industry's interests.

   2. The Dairy Industry  n99

   From the early days of nutrition science, when milk was exalted as an
important source of the first vitamin ever discovered, the Dairy Council had
been more than willing to accept the role of the nation's primary nutrition
educator. Like the Meat Board, the Dairy Council was initially able to
disseminate information touting the nutritional value of its products while
remaining faithful to the best scientific knowledge available. As scientific
understanding of the relative merits and risks of milk consumption evolved,
however, the Dairy Council's strictly positive view of dairy products did not
budge. As a result, the Dairy Council's materials began to diverge from the
growing consensus among nutritionists that high-fat products should be consumed
in moderation.

   By the time nutrition science revealed the link between high-fat diets and
chronic disease, the dairy industry had grown accustomed to a system of price
supports and other government aid that encouraged the production of high-fat
products.  n100 Consequently, the dairy industry fought hard to keep consumers
eating and drinking full-fat dairy products, even as it became clear that
lower-fat varieties were advisable from a nutrition standpoint. The American
Dairy Association, a national promotion association that receives funds from
dairy farmers all over the country, allocated millions of dollars a year to
advertisements that encouraged consumers to eat a variety of high-fat dairy
products and placed little or no emphasis on lower-fat products. Like the Meat
Board, the Dairy Council gave lip-service to the established link between diet
and chronic disease by acknowledging the role of dietary cholesterol in the
promotion of heart disease, while largely absolving dairy products of any
significant role by ignoring the role of saturated fat.

   Rather than explicitly attacking the scientific evidence linking high-fat
animal products to heart disease, the Dairy Council ignored such evidence
altogether, focusing instead on the positive aspects of dairy products. The
Dairy Council of Southampton, Pennsylvania, for example, published the Pocket
Guide to CHOLESTEROL Counting, which listed only the cholesterol content of
foods and labeled all dairy products, including  [*390]  heavy cream, butter,
ice cream, and sour cream as "High in nutrient value and 'best-quality' protein.
Modest in number of calories!"  n101 Because milk fat is, indeed, relatively low
in cholesterol (compared to other products of animal origin), the Dairy Council
managed to present all dairy products--irrespective of their saturated fat
content--as healthful at any level of consumption. As Patricia Hausman astutely
pointed out, the Southampton Dairy Council's failure to publish a corollary
Pocket Guide to SATURATED FAT Counting speaks volumes about the Dairy Council's
willingness to offer the complete, disinterested nutrition information necessary
to making informed dietary choices.  n102

   While the Dairy Council focused its marketing efforts and resources on
playing up the benefits of milk, it fought to keep the scientific evidence
incriminating milk fat for its role in promoting heart disease out of the public
eye. The Dairy Council did not publicly challenge the scientific validity of
such evidence; it merely asserted that such evidence was "misleading" and urged
dairy farmers to use political power and threats of legal action to silence
groups whose position on the role of dairy products in the promotion of heart
disease was adverse to dairy industry interests. For example, when the AHA began
advocating a diet lower in saturated fat and cholesterol, a group of Wisconsin
dairy cooperatives threatened both the national association and its Wisconsin
state chapter with a multimillion-dollar lawsuit. In response to this threat,
the Wisconsin Heart Association formed a Task Force on Nutrition and
Cardiovascular Disease and selected the executive director of the Wisconsin
Dairy Council as one of the task force members. After hearing testimony that
included a presentation by the National Dairy Council headquarters, the
Wisconsin Heart Association issued dietary recommendations that conflicted with
the national organization's official position in several respects, each of which
minimized the role of high-fat dairy products in the promotion of heart disease.
When asked about the state chapter's position, an official for the Wisconsin
Heart Association replied, "We don't aggressively promote it [the diet-heart
link] any more than [a Heart Association chapter in] a tobacco state would
promote the tobacco message."  n103 The Wisconsin Heart Association's message
was clear: dairy industry interests come first.

   3. The Egg Industry  n104

   When the news first broke in the late 1950s that excess dietary cholesterol
was associated with the development of atherosclerosis, eggs ranked among
nutritionists' most favored foods. Lauded for their nutrient richness and
particularly for the high-quality protein they contain, egg protein had become
the standard by which the protein in all other foods was compared.
Unfortunately, eggs also contain an extraordinarily high level of cholesterol,
and by the mid 1960s, scientists at both the University of Minnesota and the
Harvard School of Public Health had demonstrated that the consumption of
cholesterol in the form of egg yolks resulted in a significant increase in serum
cholesterol levels. While eggs indeed contributed essential nutrients to the
American diet, nutritionists began to question the wisdom of the then-prevalent
two-egg-a-day habit, and the AHA urged consumers to reduce their egg consumption
to about three yolks per week.

    [*391]  Coincidentally, and quite irrespectively of the contemporaneous
goings-on in nutrition science, the egg industry had been going through tough
times as changing lifestyle patterns meant that fewer and fewer Americans were
taking the time for sit-down, bacon-and-eggs breakfasts. As a result, egg
producers were particularly worried about the consequences of an attack on the
nutritional value of eggs. In the 1970s, a group of egg producers founded the
National Commission on Egg Nutrition (NCEN), whose purpose was to counter the
growing criticism of eggs that public health organizations such as the AHA had
begun to publicize. NCEN began an advertising campaign that included spots in
such newspapers as The Wall Street Journal. Typical advertisements claimed that
"there is absolutely no scientific evidence that eating eggs, even in quantity,
will increase the risk of a heart attack," and provided information about the
body's need for cholesterol.  n105

   Like the meat and dairy industries, the egg industry sent representatives to
plead their case before Congress. Following in the footsteps of the Meat Board
and the Dairy Council, the egg industry sought to establish a national egg
promotion organization that would be funded by taxes on egg producers and
administered by USDA. The egg industry promised that a portion of the funds
levied would be used to support research on egg nutrition, thereby placating the
AHA and professional societies of heart researchers, and the American Egg Board
was born. Throughout the years of heart disease research, the majority of which
supported a link between excess dietary cholesterol and elevated levels of serum
cholesterol, the American Egg Board could be counted on to disseminate
countervailing evidence, sometimes of questionable scientific merit,  n106 to
the public.

C. Government as Regulator

1. Egg, Meat, and Dairy Legislation

   Major social, economic, and scientific developments in the latter part of the
twentieth century meant that the primary concerns underlying the nutrition
policies established in the early days of government regulation were gradually
eclipsed by a different set of interests. The shift away from public health
concerns associated with malnutrition and toward problems of overnutrition would
call for a major adjustment in the focus of the government's nutrition policy.
Because such a move posed a substantial threat to the economic interests of
powerful food industries, however, politicians and public interest groups alike
had a difficult time rallying support for the policy changes necessary to
promote public health.  n107 In spite of growing tensions between the interests
of the meat, dairy, and egg industries and the public's interest in information
about and access to nutritious foods, the government--and particularly, although
not uniquely, USDA--continued quite unselfconsciously to regulate policies
ostensibly intended to serve both agricultural and nutrition policies.

    [*392]  Indeed, USDA administered a variety of federal programs whose once
complementary goals became increasingly divergent. For example, even as the
relationship between high-fat diets and heart disease gained acceptance in
scientific circles, USDA continued to administer federal milk marketing orders
whose pricing structure rewarded producers for high butterfat content. Such a
pricing structure, which encouraged dairy farmers to produce, market, and
promote higher-fat products, was acceptable in an era when butterfat represented
an important source of vitamins otherwise scarce in the typical American diet.
This structure became problematic, however, at a time when the likelihood of
suffering from vitamin deficiency was dwarfed by the chances of developing
chronic diseases associated with excess fat consumption. One might have expected
that the agency designated the guardian of public nutrition would, upon
discovering the link between high-fat diets and heart disease, object to the
perpetuation of a pricing structure that created incentives for dairy farmers to
maximize the fat content of their products. Yet USDA supported butterfat-based
pricing structure long past the day when even the most conservative
nutritionists had ceased seriously to debate the role of dietary fat in
promoting heart disease.

   Not only did USDA continue to administer policies that no longer made sense
in light of changing nutrition concerns, it also took on the administration of
newly-passed laws that clearly favored the food industry at the expense of
public health. As the consumption of certain agricultural commodities began to
decline (perhaps due to raised awareness of the health risks associated with
cholesterol and saturated fat), the government came to the rescue with
legislation intended to help the food industry by boosting sales. Between 1974
and 1983, Congress authorized the Egg Research and Consumer Information Act;
n108 the Beef Research and Information Act;  n109 and the Dairy Production
Stabilization Act of 1983.  n110 Each of these acts was strongly supported by
the respective industries, and each was passed over the opposition of groups
concerned with the implications of the legislation on public nutrition. The
structure of the three acts was roughly the same: The enabling legislation
allowed the government to levy funds from the industry that would be allocated
to a common "pot" and used to fund marketing and research programs. While the
industries themselves provided the resources used to promote their products,
USDA (and hence the taxpaying public) bore the cost of administering the
programs.

   The Committee Reports on the bill that would become the Egg Research and
Consumer Information Act noted the declining market for eggs since 1954 and
stressed the need for legislation to encourage egg consumption.  n111 The Senate
Report noted, "Since eggs represent one of the least expensive sources of
protein, they represent an ideal tool to combat nutrition problems."  n112 While
eggs are, indeed, high in protein, the Committee's reference to nutrition
problems was a red herring: By 1974, kwashiorkor--the disease caused by
insufficient protein intake--was virtually unknown in the United States. Chronic
heart disease, on the other hand, threatened the lives of millions of Americans,
and a high level of cholesterol in the diet was widely accepted as a significant
factor in heart disease. To the extent the Committee Report mentioned the issue
of cholesterol, however, it presented the problem as a "question" further
substantiating the need for research funds, rather than as a factor that would
militate against encouraging the public to increase egg consumption. The
Committee's position mirrored the  [*393]  approach adopted by the egg industry
itself in fighting claims by nutritionists that high levels of egg consumption
were unhealthy. Given that by the time the Egg Research and Information Act was
before Congress, the majority of nutritionists believed that dietary cholesterol
should be reduced to prevent heart disease, the Committee's public health
rationale for boosting egg consumption seems frankly disingenuous.

   When the Beef Research and Information Act was before Congress the following
year, a different set of production and consumption patterns provided the
backdrop of concern giving rise to the bill. Unlike egg consumption, beef
consumption had steadily increased since the 1950s. In its Report to the House
of Representatives, the Committee on Agriculture affirmed that per capita beef
consumption had more than doubled since the 1950s, increasing from 56 pounds in
1957 to 117 pounds in 1974.  n113 Nonetheless, the livestock industry had
suffered "widespread losses" in the early 1970s, and the adverse effects of such
losses were felt across numerous sectors. Indeed, financial trouble in the
livestock industry meant financial trouble as well for the farmers who grew
cattle feed; for factory workers who manufactured machinery used by cattle
farmers; for pharmaceutical companies who provided antibiotics and other drugs
used in raising livestock; and for beef retailers who sold meat to consumers, to
name a few.  n114 According to the House Report, losses in the livestock
industry resulted from the failure of beef prices to rise commensurately with
the increase in consumers' disposable income, so that even as beef consumption
increased, cattlemen's profits fell.  n115 In order to offset these losses, the
Committee found, "a coordinated program of research, consumer information,
producer information and promotion designed to strengthen the beef industry's
position in the marketplace" was in order.  n116

   While an in-depth study of the economic factors giving rise to price
depression in the livestock industry is beyond the scope of this paper, it is
worth noting that the second half of the twentieth century saw a major shift in
the demographics of the livestock industry away from independent cattlemen
raising herds of a few hundred head and towards a concentration in the hands of
a few mega-conglomerates whose herds could number in the hundreds of thousands.
n117 These conglomerates, unlike the independent cattlemen with small herds,
were able not only to take advantage of economies of scale, but also to lobby
government successfully for substantial tax breaks, subsidies, and a host of
other support programs, all of which allowed them to keep profits high even as
consumer prices remained low.  n118 Because consumers "benefited" (in terms of
the prices they paid at the register) from the concentration of the cattle
industry (as did the politically potent conglomerates themselves) the government
has encouraged this demographic shift.

    [*394]  Interestingly, the government never considered such options as
allowing beef prices to rise to reflect the independent cattlemen's cost of
raising their herds or discouraging the agglomeration of the livestock industry,
either through affirmative application of the antitrust laws or by refusing to
pass legislation intended to benefit the largest beef producers.  n119
Presumably, the government believed that a concentration of the livestock
industry benefited consumers, who paid low prices, indeed, for their beef. The
Committee Report in support of the Beef Research and Information Act proclaimed
beef "a basic and natural source of human protein ... enjoyed by nearly all of
the 68 million households in the United States" and indicated that it was in the
public's interest to encourage high levels of beef consumption.  n120 Just as it
had in its Reports supporting the Egg Research and Consumer Information Act, the
Committee touted the nutritional benefits of beef while making a complete
abstraction of the nutritional risks associated with beef consumption. The
Committee made a vague reference to "Eat Less Beef" campaigns  n121 but failed
to address any of the concerns underlying such campaigns, and it made no mention
of the view that encouraging beef consumption may actually be detrimental to
public health. Lest this failure be attributed to mere oversight, or to a lack
of available evidence that would undermine the public health justification for
the bill, the dissenting views of Congressman Fred Richmond make clear the
insufficiency of such explanations:


     those who support this legislation assume that advertising and
     promoting beef, our most expensive food, is in the public interest,
     and should be encouraged. They claim that consumers need to eat more
     beef, and they are prepared to convince us this is so ... There is no
     provision in this act for nutrition education, and there are real
     questions about the health value of grain-fattened beef. Many suggest
     the public health would be improved if Americans ate leaner, less
     fatty beef.  n122

   Evidently, the Committee was aware of evidence that Americans' beef
consumption presented significant nutritional risks. Nonetheless, Congress
failed to acknowledge the conflicting nature of the interests under
consideration, passing the Beef Research and Information Act on the grounds that
"both parties [cattlemen and consumers] will benefit."  n123

    [*395]  While the kind of legislative support offered by the acts passed in
the 1970s was new to the egg and beef industries, this type of government
intervention was already an integral part of the operations of the dairy
industry.  n124 Consequently, when the Committee issued its House Report in
favor of the Dairy Production Stabilization Act of 1983, it hardly bothered to
justify the need for legislation promoting dairy products. Indeed, the Committee
seemed to take such a need for granted, declaring that "dairy product promotion
is recognized as an essential part of the successful marketing of milk and
manufactured dairy products."  n125

   Also taken largely for granted was the public's interest in generous access
to dairy products. Having briefly articulated the Congressional findings that
dairy products are valuable basic foods, necessary "to assure that the people of
the United States receive adequate nourishment,"  n126 the Committee proceeded
to report:


     It, therefore, is declared to be the policy of Congress that it is in
     the public interest to authorize the establishment ... of an orderly
     procedure for financing ... and carrying out a coordinated program of
     promotion designed to strengthen the dairy industry's position in the
     marketplace and to maintain and expand domestic markets and uses for
     fluid milk and dairy products produced in the United States.  n127

   No mention was made in the House Report either of the high saturated fat
content of whole milk and other dairy products whose promotion would be assured
by the proposed legislation, or of the evidence that high saturated fat intake
was associated with chronic heart disease.

   2. Regulatory Control

   In addition to administering laws that promoted the consumption of egg, meat,
and dairy products, USDA also imposed regulations that encouraged consumers to
choose high-fat varieties of these products. USDA's meat grading system, for
example, rewarded high-fat cuts of beef with higher-quality grades.  n128 By
endorsing high-fat cuts, USDA encouraged consumers to select high-fat meat.
During this period, medical experts complained that such policies contributed to
the country's heart disease problems. As Jeremiah Stamler, a cardiologist from
Northwestern Medical School (who was later awarded the AHA's prestigious Gold
Heart award), argued in 1977 before the Senate Select Committee on Nutrition and
Human Needs, "we have a major problem as long as the [meat] industry and USDA
push to sell more fat-laden beef from feedlots."  n129 Indeed, USDA had made
little effort to encourage the industry to produce, or consumers to select,
lower-fat meats.

   USDA was not the only federal agency whose regulatory policies tended to
favor the meat, dairy, and egg industries. As administrator of the Federal Food,
Drug, and Cosmetic Act of 1938, FDA also regulated these industries, and it
often did so in a less-than-impartial manner, particularly in the early part of
this period. For example, FDA continued to enforce the Filled Milk Act, even as
the nutritional concerns initially justifying  [*396]  this statute became
obsolete and the nutritional superiority of whole milk over "filled milk" became
questionable. The continued administration of the Filled Milk Act represented
one way in which FDA protected industry--in this instance, the dairy
industry--against the effects of changing consumer preferences, even where these
changes corresponded to heightened consumer awareness about diet and health.

   In addition to its ability to further industry interests through the
administration of outdated legislation, FDA disposed of a powerful weapon to
protect traditional, high-fat foods against lower-fat impostors that the
consuming public might prefer: food standards. Because FDA set the standards for
the milk fat content of various dairy products, it was able to influence
individual dairy-food choices in a unique way, allowing only foods with certain
characteristics to be labeled with the common names people recognized. In this
way, FDA protected dairy interests by requiring that only products with minimum
butterfat levels be labeled as "milk," "cottage cheese," or "cream." For many
years, these standards not only protected dairy products from non-dairy
impostors, they also protected high-fat dairy products from lower-fat
alternatives.

   Fortunately, the 1970s witnessed regulatory reforms within FDA that
transformed the standards in ways that accommodated the public interest in
nutrition. During this period, FDA "took steps to ensure that the agency's
regulatory practices did not stand in the way of innovative food products."
n130 Rather than continue to mandate the characteristics of certain foods, FDA
adopted an approach that emphasized adequate labeling of food ingredients. In
this way, FDA was able to serve the underlying purpose of the food
standards--preventing consumer fraud--without restricting consumer access to
nontraditional, but frequently nutritionally superior, foods. Such an approach,
however, clearly undermined dairy industry interests.

   Notwithstanding FDA's transformation of its food standards policy, the dairy
industry still found plenty of support in the government at both the federal and
the state levels. The regulatory battles over margarine, and the obstacles faced
by such groups as the AHA, restaurant and hotel trade groups, and vegetable oil
interest groups in their attempts to promote margarine consumption illustrate
the government's inclination to favor the powerful dairy industry. Until 1950,
yellow margarine was taxed under federal law, making margarine relatively more
expensive to consume than butter.  n131 While Congress ultimately repealed this
tax, it did so only with great concessions to the dairy industry, including a
new law requiring restaurants to notify their customers if they serve margarine
instead of (or even in addition to) butter.  n132 In addition, the legislatures
of several states went even further in restricting the public's access to
alternatives to traditional high-fat dairy products.  n133

   During this period, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), also entered the
regulatory scene as an arbiter of the conflicting food industry and consumer
interests. Fortunately for consumers, and perhaps because the agency had no
particular duty or link to the food industry, the FTC intervened on the side of
the consumer. When the NCEN began its advertising campaign in the 1970s to
convince the public that the evidence linking dietary cholesterol with heart
disease was fallacious, the AHA complained to the FTC  [*397]  that such ads
were false and deceptive. Taking the AHA's allegations seriously, the FTC
launched an investigation that gave rise to a major legal battle in which NCEN
presented defenses ranging from the scientific validity of its position to its
First Amendment right to free speech. In the end, none of these defenses
prevailed, and the FTC ordered NCEN not only to cease their campaign but also to
publish "corrective advertisements" regarding the link between cholesterol and
heart disease and to disclose the industry sponsorship of all of its ads.  n134

D. Government as Educator

   FDA's policy shift in the 1970s away from food standards and towards
increased consumer information as a means of regulating the food industry
reflected--or perhaps instigated--a larger trend in which the government sought
to emphasize its role as educator in the implementation of nutrition policy. In
the early 1970s, the Senate Select Committee on Nutrition and Human Needs, led
by Senator George McGovern of South Dakota, studied ways to improve the health
and nutrition of Americans. While undoubtedly in the public interest, the
efforts of the Senate Select Committee threatened those sectors of the food
industry whose products were associated with the increasing incidence of chronic
disease. The Committee made these industries nervous, and they did their best to
place obstacles in its path. When the first Committee hearings on diet and heart
disease, scheduled to be held in 1971, were cancelled at the last minute, many
commentators held the dairy industry responsible. Jean Mayer himself expressed
outrage at the eleventh-hour cancellation of the hearings in a letter to The
Washington Post. Mayer wrote, "Examination of this problem, the most important
health problem facing the nation, was prevented by the pressure of dairy
producers on captive politicians."  n135

   Notwithstanding industry pressure such as this, the Senate Select Committee
proceeded to assess the latest research in nutrition science, and their efforts
ultimately led to the 1977 publication of the staff report Dietary Goals for the
United States reflecting the consensus on the link between diet and chronic
disease.  n136 Departing significantly from previous nutrition advice, which had
always emphasized merely variety among a number of established food groups, the
1977 report advised Americans to eat less fat and cholesterol.  n137 For the
first time, the government was telling Americans that they should consume less
of certain American agricultural products, and the food industry was
scandalized. As nutritionist Patricia Hausman quips, judging by the food
industry's response to the Dietary Goals, the publication might as well have
been called Future Shock.  n138

   Leading the protests against the Dietary Goals were the cattlemen, the
dairymen, and the egg farmers, as their products were the ones most likely to be
affected by the recommendations set forth in the publication.  n139
Representatives from these industries fought successfully for additional
hearings to air their grievances before Congress. The Meat Board, along with the
National Cattleman's Association, argued that the Committee, despite having
heard the opinions of such witnesses as the Secretary of DHEW and the Director
of the National Cancer Institute, had not yet heard from the most qualified
scientific  [*398]  commentators.  n140 They demanded further evaluation of the
diet-heart disease link before disseminating dietary recommendations, and they
offered the Committee an 800-page document entitled Supplemental Views, which
reflected the opinions of scientists hand-picked by the Meat Board for their
old-school, positivist approach to nutrition.  n141

   Representatives of the meat industry then argued that the Committee should
not support the Dietary Goals as long as dissenting voices could be found in the
scientific committee. Exposing the unabashed self-interest of this position,
Senator Robert Dole of Kansas recited a litany of instances in which Congress
had passed, over substantial opposition, measures that benefited the meat
industry. On those occasions, the meat industry had certainly not objected on
the principle that total consensus was required. Dole further commented:


     I have found that once there is even a hint of disagreement [from
     Congress] with your industry, there is a violent reaction. Some of it
     was totally inaccurate in my State, and just off the top of the hat.

     We resent things like that, just as you do. It seems to us that if we
     have to take an oath to always support the cattle industry--or any
     other special interest group--to stay in Congress, then I don't want
     to be in the Congress in that event.  n142

   Despite Dole's suggestion that Congress would not cave to industry pressure,
however, the Dietary Goals were revised to portray meat in a more favorable
light. In response to the meat industry's insistence that the word "decrease"
with respect to meat consumption was a "bad word," the second edition of the
Dietary Goals was altered from, "Decrease consumption of meat and increase
consumption of poultry and fish"  n143 to read, "Decrease consumption of animal
fat, and choose meats, poultry, and fish which will reduce saturated fat
intake."  n144 Senator McGovern's later comments made clear that the Committee
had agreed to this change as a concession to the meat industry. McGovern was
quoted as explaining that "he did not want to disrupt the major economic
situation of the meat industry and engage in a battle with that industry that we
could not win."  n145 Senator Dole also backed down from the principled position
he had previously articulated, commenting in the foreword to the second edition
of the Dietary Goals that he was "pleased that the second edition deletes
language from the first edition recommending 'eat less meat' and is not meant to
recommend a reduction in intake of nutritious protein foods."  n146

   Despite these concessions, the Meat Board and the National Cattlemen's
Association remained indignant. They continued to contest the validity of the
recommendations of the Dietary Goals and, more generally, to wage war against
the government's dissemination of the message that animal fat contributed to
heart disease. Their perseverance culminated in a substantial victory in 1978,
when their efforts, along with those  [*399]  of the egg industry, resulted in
the defeat of the National Consumer Nutrition Information Act, which would have
allocated $ 10 million for nutrition education programs.  n147 The National
Cattlemen's Association expressed concern, in a letter to the Chairman of the
House Agriculture Committee that federal funds would be used to propagate
"misleading and erroneous information, particularly about the value of beef in
the diet."  n148 Indeed, the meat industry much preferred the status quo, in
which the government's role as educator was fairly narrowly circumscribed, and
the majority of nutrition information offered to the public was sponsored by the
food industry itself.

   In his dissenting view to the Agriculture Committee's Report in support of
the Beef Research and Information Act, Congressman Fred Richmond articulated the
need for legislation such as the National Consumer Nutrition Information Act,
which he himself later sponsored. He lamented,


     The sad fact is that advertising is the main source of nutrition
     information for most Americans. The abject failure of the Department
     of Agriculture to provide Americans with the information they need in
     an accurate, unbiased manner is one of the most serious failures of
     America's rotting food and nutrition policy. The persistence of heart
     disease, the alarming rise of cancer of the colon, soaring cholesterol
     levels, and a population of Americans that in too many instances weigh
     too much for their own good can all be traced to television and other
     kinds of advertising which push products that are highly profitable.
     Never in any of this advertising are there any attempts to fit the
     product into an overall plan of sound nutrition that would be of great
     help to Americans whose last brush with the subject of nutrition was
     in a high school health course.  n149

   Unfortunately for consumers, just as this argument had failed to convince
Congress to defeat the Beef Research and Information Act, it failed to convince
Congress to pass, over the objections of the beef industry, the National
Consumer Nutrition Information Act.

   The beef industry was not alone in its fight to prevent the dissemination of
nutrition information acknowledging the link between diet and chronic disease.
Representatives of the egg industry also worked hard to protect the market for
their products and fought to have the Dietary Goals withdrawn. Like the meat
industry, egg farmers enlisted the help of their representatives in Congress,
writing letters such as one from the Indiana State Poultry Association to
Congressman Adam Benjamin, which requested "assistance and cooperation in
stopping immediately the distribution of the highly controversial report."  n150
Also like the meat industry, the egg industry was granted special additional
hearings on the Dietary Goals.

   The egg industry, however, was considerably less successful than the meat
industry had been in achieving their objectives. Egg farmers had wanted the
report to emphasize the contributions of alcohol, insufficient exercise, and
junk food in the promotion of heart disease, and to qualify the statements
regarding cholesterol with the caveat, "It is not known whether fatty acid [fat]
and cholesterol cause heart disease."  n151 Unfortunately for the egg lobby,
nutrition science had by then reached a consensus regarding the link between
fat, cholesterol, and heart disease that made it impossible for the  [*400]
Committee to include this disclaimer truthfully. Finally, when the weight of the
scientific evidence became overwhelming, Congress drew the line, refusing to
endorse a patently misleading statement solely to placate agricultural
interests.

   Over the next several years, the government expanded its role as nutrition
educator, and federal agencies became involved in the publication of nutrition
reports. In 1979, the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare issued
Healthy People, a report setting forth a ten-year plan to ameliorate Americans'
health by focusing on prevention.  n152 This publication, like the Dietary Goals
, incorporated advice to cut down on foods high in saturated fat and cholesterol
(in addition to moderating calories, salt, and sugar intake), and met with a
"storm of protest" from the meat, dairy, and egg industries.  n153 As Marion
Nestle perceptively noted, "Healthy People became the last federal publication
to use the words 'eat less' when referring to meat."  n154

   In the late 1970s, USDA attempted to reconcile tensions between the two
groups to which it owed allegiance with a new series of publications on
nutrition entitled, simply, Food. Acknowledging (undoubtedly to the delight of
the meat, dairy, and egg industries) that the recommendations set forth in the
Dietary Goals and in Healthy People were excessively "disruptive to usual food
patterns,"  n155 it offered an alternative: a revised version of the traditional
Basic Four in which the food groups were displayed in a vertical column, with
the vegetable/fruit group on top and the meat group towards the bottom. To
encourage consumers to reduce their fat intake, Food advised, "Cut down on fatty
meats."  n156

   The Food series was a highly successful tool for consumers and the most
requested USDA publication of 1979.  n157 Still, the meat, dairy, and egg
producers were unhappy with the fat and cholesterol advice Food offered, and
they objected to the placement of their products below vegetables, fruits, and
grains.  n158 In response to such complaints, USDA initially resolved to delete
the chapter on fat and cholesterol for the second publication, Food II, before
deciding to discontinue the series entirely. Food was the last federal
publication to advise consumers to "cut down" on meat.  n159

E. Government as Provider

   In sharp contrast to the increasing focus by nutritionists and by the
government in its capacity as nutrition educator on issues of dietary excess and
chronic disease, the problems of hunger and malnutrition in America again became
a focus of public concern in the late 1960s. The revival of these issues after a
period of dormancy can be attributed to several factors: First, Senators Robert
Kennedy and Joseph Clark made a trip to Mississippi in 1967, where they
witnessed poverty and hunger in the United States first hand, and they reported
their findings in Washington.  n160 Second, the President's Commission on World
Poverty published, the same year, an eye-opening account entitled  [*401]  The
People Left Behind, which chronicled the extensive problem of malnutrition in
parts of rural America.  n161 Third, the Citizens' Board of Inquiry into Hunger
and Malnutrition in the United States published Hunger USA in 1968, which
recounted the disturbing findings of a nationwide study that revealed chronic
hunger problems throughout America.  n162 These factors contributed to a
political setting a in which hunger was a "ripe issue" for governmental action.
n163

   As scholars of public policy have explained, where a number of public issues
compete for political attention, only a few will reach the legislative or
administrative agendas.  n164 For a number of reasons, problems of hunger and
malnutrition represented a more desirable issue to tackle than problems of
overnutrition and excess. Most obviously to the onlooker, perhaps, was the
emotional appeal of the hunger issue, which was aroused during this period by
textual and visual media accounts of starving children, which in turn garnered
strong public support for the problem. Equally important to policy makers,
however, was the understanding that hunger, unlike excess, represented a
nutrition concern in which agricultural and consumer interests coalesced. From
USDA's perspective, a focus on hunger meant an opportunity to address a
legitimate public concern without provoking conflict between the different
groups whose interests it was charged with protecting.

   As a result, the government expanded its role as provider during this period,
and the late 1960s and early 1970s witnessed a proliferation of nutrition
programs geared towards eliminating the problems of hunger and malnutrition,
including programs authorized under the Child Nutrition Act of 1966,  n165 such
as the School Breakfast Program,  n166 the Special Milk Program,  n167 and the
Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC).
n168 In addition, this period saw a shift in focus of some of the federal
programs already in place: While the first Food Stamp Act, passed in 1964, cited
as its primary and secondary purposes to "to strengthen the agricultural
economy" and "to help achieve a fuller and more effective use of food
abundances," with public nutrition invoked as only a tertiary concern,  n169 the
Food Stamp Act of 1977 began with a declaration of policy "to promote the
general welfare, to safeguard the health and well-being of the Nation's
population by raising levels of nutrition among low-income households."  n170

   By the late 1960s, nutrition science had largely, if not uniformly,
established the link between diets high in saturated fat and cholesterol and
chronic disease incidence; yet, this discovery had little effect on donated
commodities programs such as the National School Lunch Program. Indeed, concern
for problems associated with nutritional excess would not be addressed with
respect to such programs until several decades later, and would remain
unresolved to this day, generating problems such as those brought to light by
the PCRM lawsuit.

    [*402]  VI. CURRENT TRENDS IN NUTRITION POLICY: 1980--PRESENT

   From the point of view of consumer advocates concerned with nutrition, the
past twenty years of policy have offered a mixed bag of blessings and curses.
While significant strides have been made through legislation aimed at educating
the public about nutrition  n171 and at ensuring the nutritional adequacy of
federally sponsored feeding programs,  n172 the value of such measures to
consumers has been severely limited by the government's general failure to
address fundamental conflicts that constrain the agents and agencies charged
with administering nutrition policy. Indeed, the conflicts that have surfaced as
nutritionists shifted their concern away from diseases of deficiency and toward
diseases of excess have continued to plague the most recent phase of nutrition
policy making.

   While modern advances in nutrition science have added subtlety and depth to
the question of how dietary factors influence public health, the central message
that emerged in the late 1970s remains constant: Americans need to cut down on
fat, cholesterol, sugar, and salt, and increase consumption of vegetables,
fruits, and grains.  n173 Numerous predictions to the contrary by meat, dairy,
and egg industry spokespersons notwithstanding, saturated fat and cholesterol
have proven to be every bit the public health threat many nutritionists feared
they would be, and excessive intake of these nutrients has been implicated in
fourteen percent of all American deaths.  n174 While  [*403]  scientists have
struggled to untangle the complex web of factors affecting the incidence of
heart disease, cancer, and stroke--the three leading killers in America--they
have confirmed that diet plays a significant role in each. In addition, dietary
factors also contribute to the development of diabetes (the seventh leading
cause of death), hypertension, and obesity.  n175 Other nutrients, meanwhile,
such as fiber and antioxidants, have been identified as factors that may help to
reduce the risk of certain chronic diseases.  n176

   While recent advances in nutrition science have primarily been refinements of
prior understandings of the links between calorie and nutrient intake and
health, important developments in modern nutrition science have also taken place
in the production of synthetic compounds that can substitute for other
ingredients in processed foods. Scientists had earlier developed artificial
sweeteners such as saccharin that could be used to reduce the caloric content of
foods and beverages ordinarily high in sugar, corn syrup, or fruit sweeteners;
more recently, spurred on by increasingly damning evidence against excess fat
consumption, scientists have developed artificial fat substitutes to replace
animal or vegetable fats in many processed foods. The development of both types
of artificial ingredients has prompted substantial controversy among
nutritionists, many of whom remain unconvinced as to the safety of these
products to this day. In any event, the use of these products has not, thus far,
contributed to any significant diminution in the incidence of diet-related
chronic disease.

A. In Consumers' Favor

   The most recent phase of nutrition policy making has clearly emphasized the
government's role as educator, and several noteworthy measures have indisputably
increased consumer access to nutrition information. In the legislative arena,
Congress passed the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990 (NLEA)--an
impressive step in the direction of consumer protection, particularly in light
of the forceful opposition similar measures had provoked among various sectors
of the food industry over the years.  n177 Indeed, the NLEA was enacted in 1990
over continuing industry disagreement with respect to several provisions.
Representatives of the dairy industry, for example, argued that the proposed
labels, which highlighted the macronutrient content of products, would encourage
an "unbalanced diet" and foster a "good food/bad food" approach to food
selection among consumers.  n178 Other sectors of the food industry resented
FDA-mandated serving sizes that the legislation proposed and claimed that
manufacturers were best suited to determine such issues as serving sizes.  n179
Congress was not swayed by such self-serving arguments, however, heeding instead
the judgment of consumer health advocates who supported mandatory labeling that
focused on the nutrients most relevant to most Americans' health concerns: fat,
saturated fat, and cholesterol.

    [*404]  The positive impact of the NLEA on consumers cannot be denied:
Before the Act was passed, nutrition labeling policy required manufacturers to
provide detailed information about the nutrition content of their products only
when the manufacturers made nutrition or health claims about the products.  n180
Since the NLEA became effective in 1994, however, almost all food products must
provide a "Nutrition Facts" label with information about the total fat,
saturated fat, cholesterol, sodium, total carbohydrate, fiber, sugar, protein,
vitamin A, vitamin C, calcium, and iron content of the product.  n181 Consumer
studies have indicated that this change has had a significant effect on how
consumers make food choices. A 1996 survey by the Food Marketing Institute, for
example, found that seventy-eight percent of consumers had seen the new label,
and that fifty-eight percent reported almost always reading the labels before
buying a product for the first time.  n182 Furthermore, consumers seem to be
paying attention to the labels: sales of fatty meats such as bologna have gone
down, while sales of leaner meats have increased.  n183

   Extra legislative initiatives in which the government has developed its role
as nutrition educator have also evidenced progress toward a nutrition policy
that prioritizes consumer interests. The widely debated Dietary Goals of 1977
was ultimately only one of many government publications aimed at educating the
public about making healthy food choices. Indeed, Dietary Guidelines were issued
in 1980, and have been reviewed and republished every five years since. In
addition, USDA has developed the Food Guide Pyramid to replace the Basic Four as
a tool for consumers to use in choosing a diet to promote health. While neither
of these publications has been free from political considerations and industry
influence, each represents, to a certain extent, the triumph of consumer welfare
over industry interests.

   The Food Guide Pyramid, initially released in early 1991 and subsequently
withdrawn, was the subject of highly political revisions prior to its final
approval by USDA. Both its retraction and its re-release, in April 1992 ("one
year, one day, and $ 855,000 after of the announcement of its withdrawal"),
n184 were met with substantial public criticism on account of the political
embroilments alleged to be responsible for its publication delay.  n185 Ongoing
media accounts of the circumstances surrounding the Pyramid's withdrawal
highlighted USDA's conflict of interest and insinuated that industry
pressure--rather than insufficient testing, as USDA Secretary Madigan
claimed--was responsible for USDA's decision to retract the Pyramid.  n186
Indeed, an article appearing in the Washington Post quoted a lobbyist for the
Milk Producers Federation as saying that "her group's concerns were one of the
reasons the proposal was pulled."  n187 Ultimately, however, the Food Guide
Pyramid as it was released in 1992 bore only modest changes as compared with the
prior year's version. While some concessions were made to the  [*405]  industry
on such issues as the placement of serving numbers outside rather than inside
the Pyramid, not even the meat, dairy, and egg industries' fierce opposition to
the Food Guide Pyramid prevented USDA from concluding that it was the most
effective vehicle to communicate sound nutrition advice to consumers.

   Although nutrition initiatives in which the government has assumed the role
of educator have represented the bulk of the more consumer-oriented nutrition
policy developments over the past twenty years, some progress has been made in
the regulatory arena. In 1990, for example, Congress enacted the National
Nutrition Monitoring and Related Research Act of 1990,  n188 which provided for
"a central Federal focus for the coordination, management, and direction of
Federal nutrition monitoring activities."  n189 The provisions of the Act
establish an infrastructure to enable the federal government to gather and
assess information regarding the nutritional status of Americans and to
implement a ten-year coordinated plan for improving and monitoring the
nutritional quality of the American diet.  n190 In addition, the National
Nutrition Monitoring and Related Research Act ensured that the Dietary
Guidelines report would continue to be published every five years, and that the
report would "(1) contain nutritional and dietary information and guidelines for
the general public; (2) be based on the preponderance of scientific and medical
knowledge current at the time of publication; and (3) be promoted by each
Federal agency in carrying out any Federal food, nutrition, or health program."
n191

   These provisions reflect Congress's intent for the federal government to
adopt a stronger role not only as a nutrition educator, but also as a regulator
of nutrition programs and a provider of the basis for a nutritionally sound diet
to all sectors of the population. Under the National Nutrition Monitoring and
Related Research Act, the federal government would continue to disseminate
nutrition information; in addition, it would administer a system to ensure that
the beneficiaries of federally-sponsored programs had access to nutritious
foods. This additional mandate led to the discovery in the early 1990s that
programs such as the NSLP fell far short of their objective of providing
nutritious meals to their recipients. The First Year Report issued by the Food
and Nutrition Service of USDA found that "school meals, on balance, were not
meeting certain key nutritional goals."  n192 Indeed, USDA's 1993 School
Nutrition Dietary Assessment found that fully ninety-nine percent of the schools
studied exceed the Dietary Guidelines for total fat (by twenty-five percent),
saturated fat (by fifty-percent), and sodium (by 100%)!  n193 The Food and
Nutrition Service of USDA has since begun to implement changes in order to
improve the quality of school lunches and has reported significant improvements.
n194

   Some of the changes required to bring the NSLP in line with the Dietary
Guidelines required independent Congressional legislation. For example, a 1994
amendment to the  [*406]  NSLP eliminated the requirement that only whole milk
be served in schools. As a result of this legislation, schools participating in
the NSLP would be entitled to select "the variety of fluid milk consistent with
prior year preferences,"  n195 including low-fat and skim milk. While the
potential health value of this change was initially offset by a provision added
concurrently that required schools to serve low-fat cheese in quantities that
represented the "milkfat equivalent" of the whole milk that would be eliminated
from school menus,  n196 the latter provision was repealed two years later.
n197

   Both through legislative and regulatory reform, the government has indicated
its intent to safeguard the nutrition interests of the public. The NLEA, the
National Nutrition Monitoring and Related Research Act, amendments to the NSLP,
and a host of regulatory policies designed to ensure public access both to sound
nutrition information and to nutritious foods themselves, represent important
advances in the direction of a more balanced nutrition policy. Nonetheless, the
efficacy of these measures to halt--much less to reverse--the alarming American
trend towards obesity and increasing incidence of chronic disease has been
undermined by the important steps that the government has not taken.

B. Consumers Beware

   While a superficial look at the government initiatives taken over the past
twenty years may suggest a significant turnaround in the relative importance the
government has attributed to the competing interests among industry and consumer
groups, a closer study of the measures outlined above reveals substantial
limitations in their ability to achieve their ostensibly proconsumer ends.
Furthermore, the laissez-faire business climate that reached its height in the
Reagan years and still predominates today has provided a fertile terrain for the
food industry to cultivate new ways of influencing nutrition policies. This
section will address some of the ways in which structural problems within
federally sponsored initiatives present obstacles to the achievement of their
underlying public health aims and will highlight recent examples of how the food
industry has capitalized on the government's liberal policies towards big
business.

   Much ink has been spilled by nutritionists bemoaning the food industry's
influence over the content of nutrition information bearing the government's
imprimatur. Indeed, while the government disseminated Dietary Guidelines,
Healthy People, and other publications over the protests of a disgruntled food
industry, the dietary recommendations offered by the government nonetheless
reflect significant industry influence and politically motivated concessions.
While the general theme of the advice nutritionists seek to offer the majority
of Americans today is undeniably eat less, food industry lobbyists have
succeeded in obscuring this very basic message. Furthermore, the role of
industry "lobbyists" in recent years has expanded as corporations have grown in
size and influence, and the ways in which industry representatives influence the
American food supply have grown.  n198

    [*407]  The government's role in recent nutrition policies has, as noted in
the preceding section, been largely confined to that of nutrition educator.
Offsetting the government's relative progress in this role, however, is the
sheer power of the mammoth conglomerates now dominating the food industry to
influence policy in ways that undermine the force of the critical eat less
message.  n199 In her recent book, Food Politics, Marion Nestle explores some of
the unseen ways in which industry actors exercise their power over nutrition
policies, in addition to classic lobbying activities.  n200 Industry strategies
include massive "hard" and "soft" contributions to political parties; frequent
trips by high-powered food industry executives through the "revolving door" from
government to the private sector and back; corporate sponsorship of research
positions at public universities; and the use (or threatened use) of the courts
against consumer groups and government agents who favor policies not in the
interest of big agribusiness.  n201 While such strategies are not new, the vast
resources of today's agribusiness giants allow the few conglomerates that
dominate the food industry to effectively silence their opposition.

   In one egregious example of this "might makes right" policy making, Monsanto,
a biotechnology conglomerate whose annual sales reached nearly $ 5.5 billion in
2001,  n202 utilized a combination of the above strategies to ensure the success
of one of its pet products: a synthetic growth hormone known as rBGH. When
injected into dairy cows, this FDA-approved hormone, now commonly used by dairy
producers across the country, boosts milk output to unnaturally high levels.
Many critics, including health professionals and consumer advocates, have
questioned the wisdom of allowing the use of rBGH, particularly in light of the
fact that a dozen European countries, Canada, and New Zealand have all blocked
its use.  n203 While one can only speculate about the interests FDA had in mind
when it approved rBGH, circumstances warrant concern that FDA may have been
acting with other interests in mind than public safety.

   In spite of uncertainty as to the human health consequences of consuming
dairy and meat products from animals injected with rBGH, the FDA approved it for
use in 1993. Notwithstanding the fact that its use on animals affected a major
part of the human food supply, it was approved only by FDA's Center for
Veterinary Medicine and was not subject to the higher safety standards
applicable to human drugs.  n204 Furthermore, much of the research to evaluate
the safety of rBGH was conducted at the University of Florida, which received
millions of dollars in gifts and grants from Monsanto.  n205

    [*408]  Interestingly, at the time rBGH was under agency scrutiny, FDA's
Deputy Commissioner for Policy was Michael Taylor, a lawyer formerly (and later)
employed by the firm of King & Spalding, which represented Monsanto. While Mr.
Taylor was officially exonerated by the General Accounting Office of the
conflict of interest charges that had been levied against him, one cannot help
wondering whether his trip through the "revolving door" influenced his opinion
of rBGH's safety. Whether or not Mr. Taylor's public acts were unduly influenced
by his ties to Monsanto, his presence at FDA may, at a minimum, have facilitated
friendly access by Monsanto to major agency decisionmakers.

   Because Monsanto's battle was not completely won upon FDA's approval of rBGH,
however, its techniques for influencing policy extended beyond cultivating
relationships with "friendly insiders." Monsanto also mounted a campaign to keep
the use of rBGH out of the public eye, pouring enormous resources into attempts
to silence the public debate over its use. Because so many consumer and health
advocates had expressed concerns about the use of rBGH, its use became the
object of media attention, not all of which was flattering to Monsanto, who
swiftly responded to the attention with threats of legal action. In a particular
instance giving rise to a spate of related litigation, the company threatened
Fox News when it got wind in 1997 of a report to be aired by one of Fox's local
affiliates in Florida, which revealed not only the widespread, concealed use of
rBGH by Florida dairy farmers, but also the questionable practices of Monsanto
to encourage sales.  n206 In addition, Monsanto sent threatening letters to
dairy farmers across the United States who did not inject their herds with rBGH
and who wished to inform consumers that their products were hormone-free.  n207

   While the courts are theoretically outside the influence of the industry
conglomerates like Monsanto (who, it should be noted, have argued as vehemently
in favor of First Amendment rights when it comes to their own marketing
campaigns as they have against the same rights when asserted by those who
criticize their products), they nonetheless operate within the larger political
climate. In a generally probusiness environment, decisions favoring industry are
more palatable. Even more importantly than how the courts would actually rule in
a litigated case, however, is the ability of major industry players to crush
their opposition with the mere threat of legal action. The cost to most
individuals, consumer groups, and small businesses of defending a threatened law
suit--even one with little or no merit--can be as effective as a court decision
at putting a stop to anticonglomerate activities. To the Monsantos of the
industry, however, such costs are negligible as compared to the profits they
stand to gain. As a result, the government's modern "free market" approach to
nutrition policy is skewed in favor of wealthy industry players.  n208

   Of course, serious health consequences would indeed result if Americans
either opted not to consume, or had insufficient access to, all of the foods
containing particular  [*409]  essential nutrients. Representatives for the
meat, dairy, and egg industries have all extrapolated from the observation that
it would be irresponsible for the government, as guardian of the public health,
to recommend decreasing consumption of any nutrient-rich foods. Arguments based
on this reasoning are flawed in several respects: First, they conflate the
importance of particular nutrients with the importance of consuming particular
foods; second, they efface the distinctions--immensely important in the
postpositivist era of nutrition science--between excess and moderate consumption
and between moderate and zero consumption. Because the nutrients most commonly
associated with meat, dairy, and eggs are also found in sufficient quantities in
other foods substantially lower in fat, saturated fat, and cholesterol, it would
make sense to focus, in consumer health-oriented nutrition guidelines, on
diversifying the sources of such nutrients. While this could entail eliminating
meat, dairy, and eggs from the diet entirely,  n209 a more likely
consequence--and one which would substantially improve the overall nutrition of
most Americans--would be a reduction in the consumption of these products and an
increase in consumption of lower-fat alternatives.

   Notwithstanding the defective reasoning behind the industry's self-serving
arguments, however, the government has consistently failed, within its role as
nutrition educator, to advocate a reduction in the consumption of any particular
foods. The 1980 revision of the Dietary Guidelines replaced the phrase "eat
less" with "avoid too much," hoping to avoid the kind of industry outcry that
had accompanied the 1977 edition, the 1979 Healthy People publication, and Food.
n210 Much to the government's surprise, meat producers were furious with the
1980 Guidelines and demanded that Congress end funding for the Dietary
Guidelines.  n211 Congress responded by directing USDA and DHHS to establish a
joint committee to revise the recommendations--a move that seemed certain to
result in the demise of the Dietary Guidelines.  n212 Ultimately, however, the
new joint committee produced revised Dietary Guidelines in 1985 that bore only
minor changes compared to the 1980 edition.  n213 By that time, the scientific
evidence to which the meat lobbyists had been clinging to deny that meat
consumption could be linked to chronic disease was exceedingly tenuous, and the
1985 edition provoked little industry comment.  n214

   As the government heightened its activity as nutrition educator over the next
several years, however, the meat industry was rattled out of its short-lived
complacency. Although the argument that the government should not encourage a
"good-food/bad-food" attitude failed to convince Congress that the labeling
provisions of the NLEA were fatally flawed, the same argument succeeded in
persuading USDA and DHHS to change the language of the Dietary Guidelines yet
again. The 1990 edition deleted the recently adopted phrase, "avoid too much" in
favor of "choose a diet low in ...," and replaced the already suggestive phrase,
"choose lean meat" with the even stronger directive, "have two or three servings
of meat."  n215 With each change, the government's advice became further and
further removed from the basic message: eat less. Indeed, this is precisely what
the meat industry had in mind.

    [*410]  While the difference between employing language whose underlying
message is eat more (or, in any event, eat), as opposed to eat less may appear
to be largely semantic, the implications of using an affirmative phrase rather
than a negative one are far deeper than meets the eye. Indeed, conflicts such as
those that provoked the PCRM lawsuit may, in fact, be borne precisely out of the
use of the affirmative turn of phrase. In using the Dietary Guidelines as a
foundation upon which to base meals provided under the NSLP, and as a standard
for granting authorization to participate in the Food Stamp Program, the
agencies responsible for regulating these programs have interpreted the
affirmative phrases as a kind of directive: Schools whose menus, and retail
stores whose selections, do not contain foods recommended affirmatively in some
quantity are ineligible to participate in federal programs. This, irrespective
of the likelihood that alternative menus (or retail selections) may be more
effective in preventing diseases of excess than those that conform to the
Guidelines, and, if reasonably well-monitored, equally likely to meet minimum
nutritional needs for all nutrients. While the National Nutritional Monitoring
and Related Research Act's requirement that all federal nutrition programs meet
certain nutritional standards is undoubtedly progress toward a more
consumer-friendly nutrition policy, the use of the Dietary Guidelines such as
they are currently articulated may in some instances hinder consumer access to
optimally nutritious diets.

   VII. CONCLUSION

   Nutrition policy makers in the United States have been faced with some tough
challenges since the early days of government intervention into the realm of
agricultural production and consumption. Few would have predicted, in the early
twentieth century when nutrition science was first recognized as a tool to
further both agricultural prosperity and public health, that these two goals
would one day diverge. For many years, every government action taken with an eye
to furthering agricultural interests was implicitly presumed--or even explicitly
stated--also to foster public health. The evolution of nutrition science,
however, in the context of significant changes in social, economic, and
lifestyle patterns, has shed light on some fundamental conflicts inherent in
American nutrition policy, the consequences of which have been explored
throughout this paper.

   It seems that the understanding of these fundamental conflicts has gone
through several phases over the course of nutrition policy's history: During the
first period, they were genuinely unknown; during the second period, they were
largely denied, particularly by powerful groups with an interest in effacing the
increasingly apparent discord; and now, in the modern era of nutrition policy,
they are generally ignored. Indeed, while modern measures have attempted to
reorient particular programs in a direction that will further consumer
interests, policy makers have failed to recognize the broader conflicts that
necessarily arise where the unifying message of a corpus of government policies
is more, while the overriding message from nutritionists interested solely in
tempering the public health hazard that is the American diet is less. Until this
overarching conflict is acknowledged and addressed, U.S. nutrition policy will
continue to be at odds with itself, constantly struggling to satisfy the
opposing interests of the food industry and consumers. As long as the government
continues to encourage, as it does through a variety of agricultural support
programs, the production and promotion of more food--and, in particular, more of
the very foods whose excess consumption is associated with the most prevalent
chronic diseases in American today--all of its "corrective" measures to
encourage individuals to eat less  [*411]  of certain foods will be met with
resistance from the food industry. And, indeed, when the industry resists to the
tune of thirty billion dollars a year in advertising and promotion to encourage
consumption,  n216 it is difficult to conceive of corrective measures able to
compete with such force.

   The patchwork approach nutrition policy makers have adopted in the meantime,
which has more closely resembled a tit-for-tat exchange of concessions than a
structural overhaul of government-sponsored food production, promotion and
consumption patterns, has--it must be admitted--proven largely ineffectual at
curbing the tide of diet-related chronic disease in America. USDA has justified
its own failure to adopt a more directed, integrated strategy through an appeal
to the virtues of a "free-market" approach to nutrition policy  n217 in which
the government's role is primarily to educate consumers, whose preferences, it
is posited, will then shape the kinds of foods producers will offer into the
market. While, indeed, food producers have indicated some willingness to adapt
their products or develop new ones to accommodate market demands--as in the
dairy industry's development of ice milk and low-fat ice creams and cheeses--the
fact that diet-related chronic disease rates continue to soar suggests that more
direct intervention may be necessary. In light of constitutional limits
increasingly interpreted to restrict the government's ability to exercise
meaningful control over either the content or the quantity of the food
industry's aggressive promotional activities, the notion that consumers are, in
fact "free" actors with access to accurate, unbiased information in a "free"
market is a debatable premise indeed.  n218 While the government undoubtedly has
an important role to play as nutrition educator, the force of its educational
eat less message is severely undermined by direct government intervention in
other arenas that encourage producers to produce more.

   The federal government has a long history of tinkering with the agricultural
sector, encouraging the production of certain commodities while discouraging the
production of others. Yet, any proposal advocating intervention in ways that
would facilitate access to the foods currently underrepresented in the American
diet or discourage access to foods currently consumed in excess tend to be met
with disapproval. Indeed, many commentators have steadfastly asserted the
position that government has no business meddling into individual food choices.
Advocates of this view have included Senator Charles Percy, a member of the
Senate Select Committee on Nutrition and Human Needs, who supported the notion
of "freedom of dietary choice;"  n219 farm groups such as the National Dairy
Council (which, it should be noted, had been only too happy to propagate
government-sponsored nutrition information in the days of the Basic Four); and
myriad food industry lobbyists. Not only does this argument ring somewhat hollow
in light of the many ways in which agricultural and economic policies currently
manipulate production and consumption in support of the food industry,  n220 it
also rests on the premise that individual food choices are a private affair.
Considering the aggregate economic and social impact of millions of poor
individual food choices, however, the  [*412]  public interest in encouraging
healthy consumption patterns is patent.  n221 Indeed, improving the American
diet by reducing intake of fat, saturated fat, and cholesterol would result in
major, tangible economic savings in terms of decreased medical and institutional
care costs, increased productivity, and improved quality of life.  n222

   Resolving the fundamental conflicts of nutrition policy is no easy task.
Indeed, creating an agricultural, economic, and cultural environment that does
not pressure individuals to consume more food--more fat, more cholesterol, and
more calories--than they need, while still ensuring access to essential
nutrients and, equally importantly, allowing Americans to enjoy their food,
requires attention to a complex set of considerations. Part of the solution may
lie in cultivating the potential of certain agricultural sectors to develop and
improve products that foster a balanced, lower-fat diet. Another element might
include rethinking the agricultural support legislation currently in force.
While overhauling the current framework would undoubtedly result in a shift away
from certain products and towards others, with undeniable repercussions for
workers in a variety of sectors, it may be that the one-time costs associated
with this redistribution would be largely compensated by reduced health costs
and other public expenditures arising from unhealthy dietary patterns. Yet
another aspect may include restructuring federal nutrition programs in a way
that makes them more flexible and amenable to a spectrum of healthful diets.
Indeed, this last piece would address the concerns that spurred the PCRM
plaintiffs to action. The process of dismantling long-standing institutions and
practices that have steered nutrition policy down its tortuous, often fickle
path for the greater part of a century is one that will require a great deal of
care and creativity. Still, it is an endeavor worth undertaking. The health of
millions of Americans depends on it.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Criminal Law & ProcedureCriminal OffensesMiscellaneous OffensesAbuse of Public
OfficeNeglect of OfficeElementsGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage
& DistributionPublic Health & Welfare LawFood & NutritionNutrition Programs for
Children

FOOTNOTES:




n1  This case, Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine v. Dan Glickman,
Secretary, Department of Agriculture, 117 F. Supp. 2d 1 was decided on September
30, 2000. As the parties agreed prior to trial to drop the counts that were
relevant to this paper's primary focus, the decision of the court does not
address the central questions explored here. For this reason, the complaint
itself, rather than the court's decision, will serve as the starting point for
developing the thesis.




n2  While many individual interests may conflict with the economic interests of
the food industry, this paper will focus its inquiry on the public's interest in
access to healthful foods and sound nutrition guidance.




n3  See, e.g., PATRICIA HAUSMAN, JACK SPRAT'S LEGACY: THE SCIENCE AND POLITICS
OF FAT AND CHOLESTEROL (1981); MARION NESTLE, FOOD POLITICS: HOW THE FOOD
INDUSTRY INFLUENCES NUTRITION AND HEALTH (2001) [hereinafter NESTLE, FOOD
POLITICS]; LAURA S. SIMS, THE POLITICS OF FAT: FOOD AND NUTRITION POLICY IN
AMERICA (1998); Jean Mayer, USDA, Built in Conflicts, in U.S. NUTRITION POLICIES
IN THE SEVENTIES (Jean Mayer, ed., 1973); Marion Nestle, Dietary Advice for the
1990s: The Political History of the Food Guide Pyramid, 9 CADUCEUS 136-53
(Winter 1993) [hereinafter Nestle, Dietary Advice for the 1990s]; Marion Nestle,
Food Lobbies, the Food Pyramid, and U.S. Nutrition Policy, 23 INT'L J. HEALTH
SERVICE 483 (1993) [hereinafter Nestle, Food Lobbies]; Marion Nestle, Toward
More Healthful Dietary Patterns--A Matter of Policy, 113 PUB. HEALTH REP. 420
(1998) [hereinafter Nestle, A Matter of Policy].




n4  LAURA S. SIMS, THE POLITICS OF FAT: FOOD AND NUTRITION POLICY IN AMERICA 48
(1998).




n5  See AUSTIN & HITT, NUTRITION INTERVENTION IN THE UNITED STATES 25 (1979).




n6  Nestle, Food Lobbies, supra note 3, at 484.




n7  U.S. DEP'T OF AGRICULTURE AND U.S. DEP'T OF HEALTH, EDUCATION, AND WELFARE,
HOME AND GARDEN BULLETIN NO. 232, NUTRITION AND YOUR HEALTH: DIETARY GUIDELINES
FOR AMERICANS (1980).




n8  5 U.S.C. App. II, § 5(b)(2) (cited in Plaintiffs' Verified Amended Complaint
for Declaratory and Injunctive Relief, at 6) [hereinafter Complaint].




n9  Complaint, supra note 8, at 6. FACA's enactment in 1972 reflected a concern
that "certain interests had developed overly close relationships with and access
to federal agency decisionmakers" and had insufficient public accountability.
Thomas R. Bartman, Byrd v. EPA--A Setback to Openness, Accountability, and
Integrity in Federal Policy Making, 30 ENVTL. L. REP. 11,181 (2000). For a
discussion of the effects FACA has--or fails to have--on scientific and peer
review of agency lawmaking, see, for example, id.; Thomas C. Beierle & Rebecca
J. Long, Chilling Collaboration: The Federal Advisory Committee Act and
Stakeholder Involvement in Environmental Decisionmaking, 29 ELR 10,399 (1999);
Lynn E. Dwyer, Good Science in the Public Interest: A Neutral Source of Friendly
Facts?, 7 HASTINGS W.-N.W. J. ENVTL. L. & POL'Y 3 (2000); Lars Noah, Scientific
"Republicanism": Expert Peer Review and the Quest for Regulatory Deliberation,
49 EMORY L.J. 1033 (2000).




n10  5 U.S.C. § 552. At trial, the parties argued only the FOIA grounds; this
paper, however, will focus on the FACA claims.




n11  Complaint, supra note 8, at 3-6.




n12  Id. at 21.




n13  Id. at 21-22.




n14  Litigation did not resolve the questions of whether such ties existed, or
if so, whether they represented a conflict of interest. Plaintiffs' allegations
crystallized the perception that agencies such as USDA are susceptible to
"capture" by the industries they are intended to regulate, and that recourse to
the courts is available to correct the pro-industry bias of agency policies.
While a study of the theory of agency capture is beyond the scope of this
article, an understanding of the forces that shape administrative lawmaking is
helpful in contextualizing the issues presented here. See, e.g., William W.
Bratton & Joseph A. McCahery, Regulatory Competition, Regulatory Capture, and
Corporate Self-Regulation, 73 N.C. L. REV. 1861, 1885-88 (1995); Thomas W.
Merrill, Capture Theory and the Courts: 1967-1983, 72 CHI.-KENT L. REV. 1039
(1997); Richard B. Stewart, The Reformation of American Administrative Law, 88
HARV. L. REV. 1669, 1684-87 (1975); John F. Manning, Constitutional Structure
and Judicial Deference to Agency Interpretations of Agency Rules, 96 COLUM. L.
REV. 612, 677 n.308 (1996).




n15  See, e.g., supra note 3.




n16  Marion Nestle, Editorial, Fight Against Fat Faces Hefty Commercial Problems
, PORTLAND OREGONIAN, July 1, 2000, at D11 [hereinafter Nestle, Fight Against
Fat].




n17  NESTLE, FOOD POLITICS, supra note 3, at 13. The 3,800 calorie-a-day figure
represents "nearly twice the amount needed to meet the energy requirements of
most women, one-third more than that needed by most men, and much higher than
that needed by babies, young children, and the sedentary elderly." Id. See also
Marion Nestle, Policy Implications and Strategies for Change, Speech at U.S.
Department of Agriculture Forum (June 24, 1999) [hereinafter Nestle, USDA
Speech], available at
http://www.fns.usda.gov/cnd/HealthyEating/speeches/Nestle--speech.htm (last
visited July 22, 2002).




n18  Nestle, Fight Against Fat, supra note 16, at D11.




n19  Mayer, supra note 3, at 205.




n20  See infra notes 107-127 and accompanying text.




n21  Nestle, USDA Speech, supra note 17.




n22  CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION (CDC), CHRONIC DISEASE
PREVENTION, available at http://www.cdc.gov/nccdphp/nutrisk.htm (last reviewed
Apr. 5, 2002) (last visited July 22, 2002).




n23  Nestle, USDA Speech, supra note 17.




n24  CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION (CDC), CHRONIC DISEASE
PREVENTION, supra note 22.




n25  Id.




n26  Id.




n27  See generally NESTLE, FOOD POLITICS, supra note 3.




n28  Mayer, supra note 3.




n29  Id. at 205.




n30  Id. at 207




n31  Id. at 206-07.




n32  Pub. L. No. 95-113 (Sept. 9, 1977).




n33  Nestle, Dietary Advice for the 1990s, supra note 3, at 139-40.




n34  See, e.g., Nestle, A Matter of Policy, supra note 3; Nestle, Dietary Advice
for the 1990s, supra note 3; Nestle, Food Lobbies, supra note 3.




n35  Marion Nestle, Interview on Breakthrough Medicine (OMNI Prime Time On-line
Chat, Nov. 13, 1996), transcript available at
http://www.omnimag.com/archives/chats/bm111396.html (last visited July 22,
2002).




n36  Nestle, Food Lobbies, supra note 3, at 493.




n37  Id. at 494.




n38  It should be noted that although USDA is uniquely conflicted on account of
its statutory mandate both to promote agricultural interests and to serve as the
primary guardian of the public's nutritional health, USDA has not been the only
federal agency to allow industry interests to trump public health concerns where
the two came into conflict within its realm of authority. Notwithstanding the
hopes expressed by nutritionists such as Mayer and Nestle that FDA would be able
to regulate more freely than USDA in the interest of public health, this agency
has also had to face competing industry interests. While FDA has, in recent
years, made headway toward protecting the public's interest in sound nutrition
with policies such as mandatory food labeling requirements, the agency has often
failed to live up to hopes that it would champion the cause of public health
over pure economic gain. Even without a statutory mandate burdened by inherent
conflicts, FDA is nonetheless susceptible to pressure from powerful industry
lobbyists.




n39  HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 26.




n40  Achievements in Public Health, 1900-1999: Safer and Healthier Foods, CDC
MORBIDITY AND MORTALITY WEEKLY REPORT, Oct. 15, 1999, at 905-13 [hereinafter
Achievements in Public Health], available at
http://www.cdc.gov/epo/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm4840al.htm (last visited July 22,
2002).




n41  HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 26.




n42  OXFORD PAPERBACK ENCYCLOPEDIA (1998), at http://www.xrefer.com/entry/215727
(last visited July 22, 2002).




n43  CASIMIR FUNK, THE VITAMINES (Williams and Wilkins, 1st English ed. from 2d
German ed., 1922).




n44  HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 26.




n45  Id. at 28.




n46  Id. at 30.




n47  Marion Nestle, Food Lobbies, the Food Pyramid, and U.S. Nutrition Policy,
23 INT'L J. HEALTH SERVICE 483, 484 (1993) (citing Department of Agriculture
Organic Act, 12 Stat 317, May 15, 1862).




n48  H.R. REP. NO. 37-21, at 3 (1862) (emphasis in original).




n49  Id.




n50  Id. at 3-4.




n51  Id.




n52  Mar. 4, 1923, ch. 262, Sec. 1, 42 Stat. 1486




n53  7 U.S.C. 608c.




n54  59th Cong., Sess. I, Ch. 3915, at 768.




n55  S. REP. NO. 67-987 (Jan. 4, 1923); H.R. REP. NO. 67-355 (Aug. 19, 1921).
Testimony before Congress included an impassioned defense of whole milk by Elmer
McCollum, who warned of the dire consequences of substituting filled milk for
whole milk: "I guarantee that any infant that is fed for a few weeks on one of
these milk substitutes will develop rickets ... My suggestion is that we do
everything that is in our power to maintain at its full tide an industry so
important as the dairy industry" Id. at 7. McCollum's testimony highlights the
complementarity of public health and dairy industry interests.




n56  21 U.S.C. §§ 61-64.




n57  HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 197; Peter B. Hutt, Restrictions on the Free
Movement of Fluid Milk Under Federal Milk Marketing Orders, 37 U. DET. L.J. 525,
527 (1960).




n58  H.R. REP. NO. 75-468, at 3 (1937).




n59  United States Statutes at Large (59th Cong., Sess. I, Ch. 3915, at 768-72),
available at http://www.bsu.edu/web/mmlee/fdact1906/1906act.html (last visited
July 22, 2002).




n60  Suzanne White Junod, The Rise and Fall of Federal Food Standards in the
United States: The Case of the Peanut Butter and Jelly Sandwich, Remarks at the
Society for the Social History of Medicine Spring Conference, "Science, Medicine
and Food Policy in the Twentieth Century," (Apr. 9, 1999), available at
http://www.fda.gov/oc/history/slideshow/default.htm#anchor1120480 (last visited
July 22, 2002).




n61  Achievements in Public Health, supra note 40.




n62  SIMS, supra note 4, at 243.




n63  HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 28.




n64  Id.




n65  Food and Nutrition Service, FNS Online, The National School Lunch Program:
Background and Development, at
http://www.fns.usda.gov/cnd/INCLUDES/CONTENT/NSLPBackgroundandDevelopment.htm#EA
RLY%20FEDERAL%20AID (last visited July 22, 2002).




n66  Id.




n67  49 Stat. 744 (1935).




n68  FNS Online, supra note 65.




n69  Id.




n70  Id.




n71  Victoria M. Getty, Profile: USDA's Commodity Donation Programs (July 31,
1997), at http://www.penpages.psu.edu/penpages-reference/12101/12101710.html
(citing Neil Gallhagher, U.S. Country Paper presented at the International
Conference on Nutrition, at App. II-1) (last visited July 22, 2002).




n72  Id. See also Mayer, supra note 3, at 207.




n73  Achievements in Public Health, supra note 40.




n74  Food Research and Action Center (FRAC), National School Lunch Program,
available at http://www.frac.org/html/federal-food-programs/programs/nslp.html
(last visited July 22, 2002).




n75  HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 26.




n76  JOHN ROBBINS, DIET FOR A NEW AMERICA 208-09 (1987) (citing W. Enos,
Pathogenesis of Coronary Disease in American Soldiers Killed in Korea, 158 J.
AM. MED. ASSOC. 912 (1955); William S. Collins, Atheroscletoric Disease: An
Anthropoligic Theory, MEDICAL COUNTERPOINT 54 (Dec. 1969)).




n77  Id. at 209.




n78  HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 55. Hausman cites Osler's colorful
characterization of atherosclerosis as the "Nemesis through which Nature exacts
retributive justice for the violation of her laws." Id.




n79  See HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 53-56. See also ROBBINS, supra note 76, at
209.




n80  HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 56.




n81  Id. at 57.




n82  Id. at 55. Hausman notes the finding that while high cholesterol diets
produced atherosclerosis in all of these animals, dogs were particularly
resistant to plaque and only developed atherosclerosis when fed massive amounts
of cholesterol. The medical researcher William S. Collins has observed that
natural carnivores, such as dogs, are far more resistant to atherosclerosis than
are natural herbivores. In his book, Diet for a New America, John Robbins notes
the prevalence of atherosclerosis among meat-eating populations and extrapolates
from Collins' observations to argue that human beings are better suited to, and
better served by, a vegetarian diet. ROBBINS, supra note 76.




n83  HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 55-56.




n84  Id. at 56.




n85  Id. at 96.




n86  Id.




n87  Id.




n88  Id.




n89  Id. at 72.




n90  Id. at 105.




n91  Id.




n92  Id. at 104.




n93  Id. at 105. In particular, studies of migrating Japanese populations
provided strong evidence that diets high in fat were more closely correlated
with cancer than number of other possible factors. Patricia Hausman explained
the force of these epidemiological studies:

     Countless Japanese have left their native country to settle in the
     United States. Both countries have long been industrialized, making it
     unlikely that problems created by industrialization would explain
     differences in cancer rates. What's more, Japan's health care system
     is first-class, giving scientists confidence in the cancer rates
     reported by Japanese doctors. Studies of Japanese immigrants tell the
     same story that was told for heart disease--that environment outstrips
     heredity as a factor in both diseases.

Id. at 106.




n94  Later epidemiological studies suggested that cancer incidence, like
patterns of heart disease, substantiated Sir William Osler's observation that
certain health problems corresponded to affluence. Research reported in the
1970s demonstrated that in countries (such as the United States) where both the
rich and the poor tend to have high-fat diets, the incidence of certain cancers
is not particularly delineated along lines of wealth. In countries such as
Colombia, however, where the rich tend to eat diets high in fat, while the poor
consume low-fat diets, cancer rates are significantly higher among wealthy
populations. Id. at 106-11 (citing, inter alia, K.K. Carroll & H.T. Khor,
Dietary Fat in Relation to Tumor Genesis, 10 PROGRESS IN BIOCHEMICAL
PHARMACOLOGY 308 (1975); B. Armstrong & R. Doll, Environmental Factors and
Cancer Incidence and Mortality in Different Countries, 15 INT'L J. OF CANCER 617
(1975)).




n95  JAMES E. AUSTIN & CHRISTOPHER HITT, NUTRITION INTERVENTION IN THE UNITED
STATES: CASES AND CONCEPTS 16-17 (1979) (citing SELECT COMM. ON NUTRITION AND
HUMAN NEEDS, U.S. SENATE, 3 DIET RELATED TO KILLER DISEASE 9-10 (Oct. 17,
1977)).




n96  In her book, Jack Sprat's Legacy, Patricia Hausman explores some of the
reasons even researchers with no economic interest in the meat, dairy, or egg
industry were loath to accept the diet-heart disease link. Her fascinating
account, which includes insights into the politics of how research money is
allocated in the field of nutrition science and an explanation of the phenomenon
of skepticism in the scientific world, makes it clear that economic interests in
the food industry were not the only factor that slowed the acceptance of the
theory that high fat diets were implicated in chronic disease. Nonetheless,
industry efforts to discredit the growing consensus played an important role in
determining whether and how the public would perceive the nutrition debate.




n97  Nestle, Food Lobbies, supra note 3, at 485 (citing N. Raper, Nutrient
Content of the U.S. Food Supply, 14(3) FOOD REVIEW 13-17 (1991)).




n98  Unless otherwise noted, this account of the meat industry's response to
scientific evidence that excess consumption of fat and/or meat may promote heart
disease is based on the chapter entitled "The Meat Lobby" of Patricia Hausman's
book, Jack Sprat's Legacy, supra note 3.




n99  Unless otherwise noted, this account of the dairy industry's response to
scientific evidence that excess consumption of fat and/or dairy products may
promote heart disease is based on the chapter entitled "The Dairy Lobby" of
Patricia Hausman's book, Jack Sprat's Legacy, supra note 3.




n100  See supra Part IV. C; Part IV. E. 1.




n101  As cited in HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 208.




n102  Id.




n103  As quoted in HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 204.




n104  Unless otherwise noted, this account of the egg industry's response to
scientific evidence that excess consumption of eggs may promote heart disease is
based on the chapter entitled "The Egg Lobby" of Patricia Hausman's book, Jack
Sprat's Legacy, supra note 3.




n105  As cited in HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 217.




n106  The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) criticized one such
study, funded by the California Egg Producers, which purported to show that
consuming dietary cholesterol had no effect on serum cholesterol. The NHLBI not
only found the study "seriously flawed," it disagreed with the study's
substantive outcome, stating that "despite the author's conclusions and all the
serious flaws in the study, the results do indicate an effect of egg cholesterol
on plasma [blood] cholesterol." As cited in HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 221.




n107  See generally Nestle, Dietary Advice for the 1990s, supra note 3; Nestle,
Food Lobbies, supra note 3; Nestle, A Matter of Policy, supra note 3.




n108  Pub. L. No. 93-428.




n109  Pub. L. No. 94-294.




n110  Pub. L. No. 98-180.




n111  See S. REP. NO. 93-1109 (1974); H.R. REP. NO. 93-1032 (1974).




n112  S. REP. NO. 93-1109, at 3.




n113  H.R. REP. NO. 94-452, at 2 (1975).




n114  Id. at 2-3.




n115  Id. at 3.




n116  Id. at 2.




n117  In his recent book, Fast Food Nation, Eric Schlosser explores in detail
the economic impact of the phenomenon of agglomeration in the livestock industry
during the second half of the twentieth century. ERIC SCHLOSSER, FAST FOOD
NATION (2001).




n118  See generally id; Farmer's Market Wins Support but Loses Subsidy, N.Y.
TIMES, Mar. 17, 2000. Schlosser illustrated the strength of the major
conglomerates operating in the cattle industry, citing a recent example in which
a private corporation threatened to move its headquarters out of state if
significant state tax benefits were not granted. The state capitulated, even
going so far as to allow officers of the corporation to draft new tax
legislation. SCHLOSSER, FAST FOOD NATION, supra note 117. The New York Times
article noted the imbalance in farm subsidies, which are severely lopsided in
favor of large agribusiness. Rather than support local agricultural operations
by equalizing subsidies, the Bush administration has recently announced plans to
decrease funding to such operations. Farmer's Market Wins Support but Loses
Subsidy, supra note 118.




n119  Any measure that affects the prices consumers must pay at the register for
meat is likely to have a substantial effect on nutrient intake. See NESTLE, FOOD
POLITICS, supra note 3, at 18, for a reference to studies that found that "a
decline in the price of meat ... causes the average intake of calcium and iron
to rise but also increases the consumption of calories, fat, saturated fat, and
cholesterol" (citations omitted). Presumably, an increase in the price of meat
would have the opposite effect.




n120  H.R. REP. NO. 94-452, at 2 (1975).




n121  Id. at 3.




n122  Id. at 19.




n123  Id. at 3. As a separate prong of the "public interest" rationale the
Report sets forth, the Committee asserts that "Cattle can convert renewable
resources and raw materials, which are not nutritionally usable by humans, into
a palatable high-quality protein necessary for the human diet. Cattle and other
ruminant animals make an economic use of about 890 million acres of pasture,
grass and grazing land--39 percent of the total land area of the United States."
Id. While the Committee does not pursue this avenue further, it appears to
suggest that beef consumption is somehow efficient, as it provides humans access
to protein otherwise unavailable to them. This argument is not only misleading
in its failure to mention the costs associated with producing such "high-quality
protein," it is patently absurd in its implication that beef consumption is a
resource-efficient means of meeting one's protein requirements. Indeed, with the
resources required to produce just one pound of beef protein, sixteen pounds of
high-quality, bio-available soy protein can be produced. While further
discussion of the profound economic and environmental consequences of the
American meat habit is beyond the scope of this paper, several authors have
treated this issue in depth. See, e.g., FRANCES MOORE LAPPE, DIET FOR A SMALL
PLANET (1971) ("We got hooked on grain-fed meat just as we got hooked on gas
guzzling automobiles. Big cars 'made sense' only when oil was cheap; grain-fed
meat 'makes sense' only because the true costs of producing it are not
counted."); ROBBINS, supra note 76.




n124  See supra Part IV. C.




n125  H.R. REP. NO. 98-237, at 21 (1983).




n126  Id. at 6.




n127  Id.




n128  SIMS, supra note 4, at 159.




n129  As cited in HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 155.




n130  Junod, supra note 60. Junod cites FDA's "energetic General Counsel, Peter
Barton Hutt" as the driving force behind this transformation. Id.




n131  See HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 199-200.




n132  Id.




n133  In 1977, South Dakota and Maine, two states with strong dairy interests,
made the sale of low-fat cottage cheese illegal; in 1978, when Kraft began to
market a type of cheese in which corn oil replaced some of the milk fat, the
product was declared illegal in North Dakota, South Dakota, Oregon, Michigan,
Minnesota, Nebraska, Vermont, and Washington. HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 199.




n134  F.T.C. v. National Comm'n on Egg Nutrition 1974 WL 1006 (N.D. Ill. 1974);
F.T.C. v. National Comm'n on Egg Nutrition, 517 F.2d 485 (7th Cir. 1975).




n135  As cited in HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 201.




n136  Nestle, Food Lobbies, supra note 3, at 487.




n137  Id.




n138  HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 36.




n139  Nestle, Food Lobbies, supra note 3, at 488.




n140  HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 184.




n141  Id. at 185.




n142  As cited in HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 186-88.




n143  U.S. SENATE SELECT COMM. ON NUTRITION AND HUMAN NEEDS, DIETARY GOALS FOR
THE UNITED STATES 13 (1977).




n144  U.S. SENATE SELECT COMM. ON NUTRITION AND HUMAN NEEDS, DIETARY GOALS FOR
THE UNITED STATES 4 (2d ed., 1977).




n145  N. Mottern, Dietary Goals, FOOD MONITOR, Mar./Apr. 1978, at 9 (cited in
Nestle, Food Lobbies, supra note 3, at 488).




n146  As cited in HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 187.




n147  HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 187.




n148  As cited in HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 187.




n149  H.R. REP. NO. 94-452, at 19 (1975).




n150  As cited in HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 222.




n151  HAUSMAN, supra note 3, at 222.




n152  U.S. DEP'T OF HEALTH, EDUCATION, AND WELFARE, HEALTHY PEOPLE: THE SURGEON
GENERAL'S REPORT ON HEALTH PROMOTION AND DISEASE PREVENTION (1979).




n153  Nestle, Food Lobbies, supra note 3, at 489.




n154  Id.




n155  B. Peterkin et al., Diets that Meet the Dietary Goals, 10 J. NUTR. EDUC.
18 (1978) (cited in Nestle, Food Lobbies, supra note 3, at 490).




n156  U.S. DEP'T OF AGRICULTURE, HOME AND GARDEN BULLETIN NO. 228, FOOD: THE
HASSLE-FREE GUIDE TO A BETTER DIET 18.




n157  Nestle, Food Lobbies, supra note 3, at 490.




n158  Id.




n159  Id.




n160  Laura S. Sims, The Ebb and Flow of Nutrition as a Public Policy Issue, 15
J. NUT. EDUC. 132, 132.




n161  Id.




n162  Id. See also FNS Online, supra note 65.




n163  Sims, The Ebb and Flow of Nutrition as a Public Policy Issue, supra note
160, at 132.




n164  See, e.g., Cobb, Ross & Ross, Agenda Building as a Comparative Political
Process, 70 AM. POL. SCI. REV. 126-37 (1976)); Cook, Crime and the Elderly: The
Emergence of a Policy Issue, in REACTIONS TO CRIME (D.A. Lewis ed., 1981).




n165  Child Nutrition Act of 1966.




n166  42 U.S.C. § 1773 (2000).




n167  Id. § 1772.




n168  Id. § 1786.




n169  Pub. L. No. 88-525 (1964).




n170  Food Stamp Act of 1977 (Title XIII of Pub. L. No. 95-113).




n171  See Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990, Pub. L. No. 101-535.




n172  See Healthy Meals for Healthy Americans Act of 1994, Pub. L. No. 103-448.




n173  Most modern nutrition guidelines include dairy products among the foods
whose consumption should be increased, on the basis that most Americans fail to
consume recommended levels of calcium. A substantial body of literature in the
fields of medicine and nutrition, however, challenges three material assumptions
underlying such guidelines, namely 1) that increasing calcium intake is
effective to prevent osteoporosis; 2) that increasing the consumption of dairy
products will alone (absent significant concurrent dietary changes) have a
positive effect on bone mineral density; and 3) that all subpopulations of
Americans are at risk for osteoporosis at current consumption levels. While the
exploration of such literature, and of the possible explanations for its failure
to gain meaningful recognition among nutritionists involved in policy making, is
beyond the scope of this paper, the challenges such literature poses merit
consideration. In very general terms, the first challenge consists of
epidemiological and laboratory evidence that increased calcium consumption has
little effect on the rate at which calcium is depleted from the bones. See, e.g.
, Gilbert S. Gordan & Cynthia Vaughan, Calcium and Osteoporosis, 116 J. NUTR.
319-22 (1986); D. Feskanich et al., Milk, Dietary Calcium, and Bone Fractures in
Women: A 12-Year Prospective Study, 87 AM. J. PUB. HEALTH 992-97 (1997). The
second challenge consists of evidence that excess animal-protein
consumption--and not insufficient calcium consumption--is primarily responsible
for high rates of bone mineral depletion. See, e.g., S.C. Finn, The Skeleton
Crew: Is Calcium Enough?, 7(1) J. WOMEN'S HEALTH 31-36 (1998); D.M. Hegsted,
Calcium and Osteoporosis, 116 J. NUTR. 2316-19 (1986); D.M. Reid & S.A. New,
Nutritional Influences on Bone Mass, 56 PROCEED NUTR. SOC. 977-87 (1997). The
third challenge points to epidemiological evidence that while some subgroups of
the American population have a high risk of bone fracture due to osteoporosis,
other groups have a minimal risk at current levels of calcium consumption.
Furthermore, several of the low-risk groups also manifest a relatively high
incidence of lactose intolerance, and therefore may be unable to increase dairy
consumption. See, e.g., Aloia et al., Risk for Osteoporosis in Black Women, 59
CALCIF. TISSUE INT. 415-23 (1996); R. Bauer, Ethnic Differences in Hip Fracture:
A Reduced Incidence in Mexican Americans, 127 AM. J. EPID. 145-49 (1988); T.
Bayless & N. Rosensweig, A Racial Difference in Incidence of Lactase Deficiency:
A Survey of Milk Intolerance and Lactase Deficiency in Healthy Adult Males, 197
J. AM. MED. ASSOC. 968-72 (1966); N. Scrimshaw et al., The Acceptability of Milk
and Milk Products in Populations with a High Prevalence of Lactose Intolerance,
48 AM. J. CLIN. NUTR. 1083-85 (1988). See also ROBBINS, supra note 76, at
189-200.




n174  Elizabeth Frazao, High Costs of Poor Eating Patterns in the United States,
in U.S. DEP'T OF AGRICULTURE, AGRICULTURE INFORMATION BULLETIN NO. 750,
AMERICA'S EATING HABITS: CHANGES AND CONSEQUENCES 5 (Elizabeth Frazao ed. 1999),
available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/aib750/aib750a.pdf (last
visited July 22, 2002).




n175  Id. at 5-6.




n176  Carole Davis & Etta Saltos, Dietary Recommendations and How They Have
Changed Over Time, in U.S. DEP'T OF AGRICULTURE, AGRICULTURE INFORMATION
BULLETIN NO. 750, AMERICA'S EATING HABITS: CHANGES AND CONSEQUENCES 2 (Elizabeth
Frazao ed. 1999), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/aib750/aib750b.pdf (last visited July 22,
2002).




n177  See supra notes 147-50 and accompanying text.




n178  Hearings Before the Subcomm. on Health and the Environment (Aug. 3, 1989)
(statements of E. Linwood Tipton, President, Milk Industry Foundation and
International Ice Cream Association).




n179  The Impact of the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990 on the Food
Industry, 47 ADMIN. L. REV. 605, 610 (1995).




n180  Bruce Silverglade, Using Food Labeling to Improve Diet and Health: An
Examination of the U.S. Nutrition Labeling and Education Act, CSPI INT'L,
available at http://www.cspinet.org/reports/codex/labeling.htm (last visited
July 22, 2002).




n181  Id.




n182  Id.




n183  Id.




n184  Nestle, Dietary Advice for the 1990s, supra note 3, at 142.




n185  See, e.g., Carole Sugarman & Malcolm Gladwell, U.S. Drops New Food Chart,
WASH. POST, Apr. 27, 1991, at A1; Burros, Are Cattlemen Now Guarding the
Henhouse?, N.Y. TIMES, May 8, 1991, at C6; Carole Sugarman, Catering to Cows and
Consumers: Is USDA Caught in a Conflict of Interest?, WASH. POST, June 5, 1991,
at E1 [hereinafter Catering to Cows]; A Pyramid Topples at USDA, 56 CONSUMER
REPORTS 663 (1991).




n186  See, e.g., Burros, supra note 185; Sugarman, Catering to Cows, supra note
185.




n187  Sugarman & Gladwell, U.S. Drops New Food Chart, WASH. POST, Apr. 27, 1991,
at A1 (as cited in Nestle, Dietary Advice for the 1990s, supra note 3, at 144.)




n188  Pub. L. No. 101-445 (codified at 7 U.S.C. § 5341 (1994)).




n189  Id. § 2(b).




n190  Id. §§ 2-3.




n191  U.S. DEP'T OF AGRICULTURE, BACKGROUND INFORMATION ON DIETARY GUIDELINES
FOR AMERICANS, available at http://www.usda.gov/cnpp/Pubs/DG2000/Backgr.PDF
(last visited July 22, 2002).




n192  Food and Nutrition Service, FNS Online, School Meals Initiative
Implementation Study: First Year Report, Executive Summary, at
http://www.fns.usda.gov/oane/MENU/Published/CNP/FILES/SMIexecsum.htm (last
updated Mar. 7, 2002) (last visited July 22, 2001).




n193  New Recipes for National School Lunch Program, PENN STATE UNIV., HEALTH
AND HUMAN DEVELOPMENT ON-LINE MAGAZINE, at
http://www.hhdev.psu.edu/research/lunch.htm (last visited July 22, 2002).




n194  Food and Nutrition Service, FNS Online, School Nutrition Dietary
Assessment Study II: Summary of Findings (Jan. 2001), at
http://www.fns.usda.gov/oane/MENU/Published/CNP/FILES/SNDAIIfindsum.htm (last
visited July 22, 2001).




n195  Pub. L. No. 103-448.




n196  The addition of this concurrent provision seems clearly to be a concession
to the dairy industry, whose interests were threatened by the potentially
substantial decline in milkfat consumption that repeal of the whole milk
requirement would entail.




n197  Pub. L. No. 104-193.




n198  See generally NESTLE, FOOD POLITICS, supra note 3. Nestle devotes several
chapters of her book to the largely invisible, yet extremely effective ways in
which the food industry influences government beyond the traditional,
legislatively sanctioned lobbying activities.




n199  See, e.g., Robert Adler & R. David Pittle, Cajolery or Command: Are
Education Campaigns an Adequate Substitute for Regulation?, 1 YALE J. ON REG.
159 (1984) (analyzing the general failure of government-sponsored education
campaigns to affect individual behavior).




n200  Id., chs. 4-7.




n201  See, e.g., Int'l Dairy Foods Ass'n v. Amestoy, 92 F.3d 672 (2d Cir. 1995)
(action by dairy manufacturers challenging constitutionality of state law
requiring disclosure of use of bovine growth hormone); Monsanto threats against
Fox News.




n202  MONSANTO COMPANY, 2001 ANNUAL REPORT, available at
http://media.corporate-ir.net/media--files/NYS/MON/reports/2001-Monsanto--Annual
--Report.pdf (last visited July 22, 2002).




n203  BGH Bulletin, News of Lawsuit Exposing Media Coverup of Suspected Danger
in Milk, at http://www.foxbghsuit.com (last visited July 22, 2002).




n204  Id.




n205  Id. Marion Nestle discusses the phenomenon of industry sponsorship of
academic departments in a chapter of Food Politics entitled "Co-opting Nutrition
Professionals." In particular, she highlights the recent exclusive "partnership"
between the Department of Plant and Microbial Biology at the University of
California at Berkeley and Novartis, a Swiss agriculture and drug company. The
terms of the partnership allow the industry partner to select participating
faculty; have access to the research of participating faculty; review research
results prior to publication; negotiate for licensing rights to technologies
produced by the research; negotiate with faculty for specific projects; veto
faculty participation in other projects; and place a full-time scientist of its
own on the faculty. NESTLE, FOOD POLITICS, supra note 3 at 120-22. Nestle
reports that faculty have reported incidents of intimidation and of pressure on
students to work on Novartis-funded projects, although the dean of the college
denied such allegations. Id. at 122.




n206  See Letter to Mr. Roger Ailes, Chairman and CEO Fox News, from John J.
Walsh, Esq. of Cadwalader, Wickersham, and Taft, a New York law firm
representing Monsanto.




n207  In their recent book, Hope's Edge: The Next Diet for a Small Planet,
Francis Moore Lappe and Anna Lappe report that in addition to filing suit
against dairies in Iowa and Texas for labeling their products rBGH-free,
Monsanto sent over 2,000 threatening letters to dairy producers and natural food
retailers across the United States who advertised rBGH-free products. FRANCIS
MOORE LAPPE & ANNA LAPPE, HOPE'S EDGE: THE NEXT DIET FOR A SMALL PLANET 261
(2002).




n208  The federal government's laissez-faire approach has left state and
governments to regulate such matters, often with conflicting results: while some
local policies have prevented producers from advertising their products as
hormone-free, others have mandated disclosure of rBGH use. Compare Int'l Dairy
Foods Ass'n v. Amestoy, 92 F.3d 672 (2d Cir. 1995) (Vermont law required
disclosure of hormone use), with Ben and Jerry's Homemade, Inc. v. Lumpkin, 1996
WL 495554 (City of Chicago policy prohibited rBGH-free labels).




n209  The 1995 Dietary Guidelines was the first federal publication in which a
vegetarian diet was specifically recognized as nutritionally adequate provided
certain guidelines are followed. The current guidelines briefly address vegan
(strictly vegetarian) diets, emphasizing the need to supplement such diets with
vitamin B12 (found only in foods of animal origin) and possibly calcium. For a
thorough discussion of meeting nutritional needs on a strictly vegan diet, see
ROBBINS, supra note 76.




n210  See Nestle, Food Lobbies, supra note 3, at 490.




n211  Id.




n212  Id. at 490-91.




n213  Id. at 491.




n214  Id.




n215  Id.




n216  Nestle, Fight Against Fat Faces Hefty Commercial Problems, PORTLAND
OREGONIAN, July 1, 2000, at D11.




n217  Eileen Kennedy, James Blaylock & Betsey Kuhn, Introduction: On the Road to
Better Nutrition, in U.S. DEP'T OF AGRICULTURE, AGRICULTURE INFORMATION BULLETIN
NO. 750, AMERICA'S EATING HABITS: CHANGES AND CONSEQUENCES 2 (Elizabeth Frazao,
ed. 1999), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/aib750/aib750int.pdf (last visited July 22,
2002).




n218  See Nestle, A Matter of Policy, supra note 3, at 6.




n219  Charles Percy, Foreword, in U.S. SENATE SELECT COMM. ON NUTRITION AND
HUMAN NEEDS, DIETARY GOALS FOR THE UNITED STATES (1977) (as cited in HAUSMAN,
supra note 3, at 172).




n220  See generally, NESTLE, FOOD POLITICS, supra note 3.




n221  Id at 7. Nestle notes:

     The diet-related medical costs for just six health
     conditions--coronary heart disease, cancer, stroke, diabetes,
     hypertension and obesity--exceeded $ 70 billion in 1995. Some
     authorities believe that just a 1% reduction in intake of saturated
     fat across the population would prevent more than 30,000 cases of
     coronary heart disease annually and save more than a billion dollars
     in health care costs.

Id.




n222  See Frazao, High Costs of Poor Eating Patterns in the United States, supra
note 174, at 7. According to Frazao's economic analysis, the impact of a one
percent reduction in fat and saturated fat intake, and a 0.1-percent reduction
in cholesterol intake, would prevent over 56,000 cases of coronary heart disease
and cancer, avoid over 18,000 deaths, and save over 117,000 life-years over 20
years. Id. (citations omitted).


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             March 22, 2015 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

inside track

BYLINE: NEAL ST. ANTHONY; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 1005 words



HIGHLIGHT: Mankato's 75F lands $650,000 from investors // Farmers markets grow
their own green // "@Hed_Feat_28" x1="176" y1="945" x2="633" y2="966">Warehouse
District used to be for warehouses


Deepinder Singh, the boss at promising 75F of Mankato, reports that the
energy-conservation firm that sells climate control systems to small commercial
buildings has raised $650,000 from private investors in a first round of
equity-capital raising.

Singh, 40, a computer scientist whose inspiration for the several-year-old firm
came while trying to synchronize the room-to-room temperature in his drafty
house, said the 21-person company plans to use the money to ramp up sales and
marketing efforts. 75F has won several entrepreneurial and green-technology
competitions and projects revenue of about $1.5 million this year.

Singh, married to a Mankato physician, has mostly financed the software-based
company out of his own pocket, with revenue and proceeds from some of the
awards.

Singh, a native of India, is an engaging guy who was working for a telecom
company in Canada a decade ago while his wife was completing a medical
fellowship across the river in Detroit. And I'll wager that he's the only
Minnesota computer scientist/entrepreneur who ever has been a member of the
Canadian national shooting team.

Singh's mother and grandfather were competitive Indian pistol shooters.
Deepinder Singh, a national teen champion in 1992, chose to continue his college
studies in engineering rather than join the Indian national team. He emigrated
to Canada in 1998.

"I shot recreationally at the club level, but in 2001 decided to get a really
nice match air pistol and I made the Canadian national shooting team in 2003 and
remained on it until 2007," he recalled. "I represented Canada at multiple World
Cups and medaled at the 2005 Championship of the Americas.

The "farmers market" economy is greening as spring slowly emerges.

Last week, the annual spring conference of the Minnesota Farmers' Market
Association (MFMA), hosted nearly 200 people and organizations in Monticello.
Topics ranged from "post-harvest handling for optimal produce" to "microloan"
programs for small operators. Biologist Janssen Hang, a St. Olaf College
graduate and the senior organizer of Hmong American Farmers Association,
discussed that fast-growing segment of the Minnesota scene.

"As customers seek out more whole, unprocessed foods and niche brands, small
growers and farmers markets stand to benefit," said Kirsten Bansen Weigle,
manager of the Maple Grove Farmers Market and a director of the MFMA. "But only
if they have the skills and resources to capture new customers."

To that end, an organization conceived in 1998 by a couple of dozen farmers
market organizers has grown to represent 200-plus organizations around the state
that focus on issues such as product labeling, state and local issues, marketing
through "Minnesota Grown" promotions, cooperative marketing programs and
acceptance of food-assistance benefits such as food stamps.

More information: www.mfma.org.

The evolution of the Warehouse District, now often known as the North Loop, hits
close to home for me.

I worked summers and school breaks there 45 years ago, loading and unloading
trucks for a fabric company to help make tuition at DeLaSalle High School, and
to salt money away in my Grain Belt/higher education fund.

Back then, the TractorWorks Building at 800 N. Washington Av. and an adjacent
warehouse were grimy, barren places. We worked in T-shirts in the summer and
heavy coats in the winter on the loading dock.

Recently, Lynette Dumalag of commercial real estate firm NTH informed me that
the rents in the trendy TractorWorks building for some of the
marketing-specialty food-and-technology firms approach the per-square rate on
the lower floors in downtown's Capella Tower skyscraper.

Imagine that. Rent in the gentrified Warehouse District is "just like downtown,"
as we used to say. The "net rents" in both buildings, depending upon footprint
size and floor, basically run from about $14 to $19 per square foot. That's
before operating costs and taxes, which run higher in the downtown district.

Regardless, the TractorWorks building, which comes complete with Bar La Grassa
and a health club, proves what you can witness as you go from strong-back
laborer to no-heavy-lifting typist. The 105-year-old building sold for $55
million in 2015, double what it sold for in 2008.

Merchants Financial Group underscores banking's rebound

Winona-based Merchants Financial Group, 140 years old and owned by employees and
hundreds of others in southeastern Minnesota, appears a proxy for the resurgent
Minnesota community banking business.

Merchants, with 425 employees, earned $12.3 million last year, a shade less than
its best year of 2012.

Commercial loan growth, a harbinger of future things, rose 14 percent over 2013
at the bank, which has deposits of $1.2 billion. CEO Rodney Nelson gave credit
to hardworking employees and loyal, expanding customers.

Minnesota banks outperformed analysts' profitability expectations last year,
according to the Minneapolis Federal Reserve Bank. Loan growth, an indicator of
future profits, soared 6.6 percent last year. That was well above the 3.1
percent growth seen in 2013 and the median of just over 4 percent since 2000.
Feldman lifted his forecast for 2015 loan growth to a range of 5.6 percent to
9.6 percent.

Twin Cities is in Big 10 of bartending trade

This just in from CareerBuilder, the labor-market intelligence gatherer: The
Twin Cities area ranks No. 9 in the country on the ratio of bartenders per 1,000
residents, at 2.6!

We're better than Providence, R.I., and Seattle-Tacoma, Wash., but behind, you
guessed it, beer-swilling Milwaukee.

The two cities with the largest tourism-related industries, lead the country.
They are Las Vegas at 5.5 and New Orleans, 3.4. CareerBuilder tells us that
oil-boom states North Dakota and Montana, boast the biggest tender-to-population
ratio for states, at 5.2 each.

Beer, booms and busts always are bedmates.

There are nearly 580,000 bartenders in the U.S., which CareerBuilder says makes
the national average about 1.8 bartenders per 1,000 Americans. More proof that
this is a great country.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Your Ottawa Region

                            August 24, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Kemptville Farmers' Market has new addition

BYLINE: Kristy Wallace/Advance staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 396  words


If you have an old bike sitting around, you might want to bring it to the
Kemptville Kinsmen Farmers' Market on Aug. 29.

The market - which provides seasonally available, locally grown or produced
vegetables and so much more - will also be host to a bike drop-off for an
organization that helps recycle bikes and while doing so, helps those in need.

"I've been to the Merrickville and Kemptville dumps and after visiting there a
number of times, it breaks my heart to see bikes sitting there," said Don
Palmer, executive director of the Causeway Work Centre which provides the social
enterprise Cycle Salvation.

The bike shop, located in downtown Ottawa, trains people who are mentally ill or
unable to work a regular job and gives them the opportunity to become bike
mechanics.

The donated bikes are stripped down and rebuilt, then sold at a reasonable price
to people who cannot afford a new bike.

Palmer, who lives in Merrickville, said he felt it was time to have the bike
drive in Kemptville when he found people were often approaching him and offering
him their old bikes.

"The Kemptville Farmers' Market's reaction was very positive [when we approached
them]," he said, adding that a bike drive at the market will promote awareness
to those who don't know they can recycle their old bikes.

Palmer said the branch restaurant was a catalyst in helping identify the market
as a spot to set up a bike drive.

The market promotes buying local, recycling, fresh food and exercise and ties in
perfectly with what Cycle Salvation hopes to accomplish environmentally and
socially.

Palmer added that any bikes they collect that aren't used go to Bicycles for
Humanity in Africa - an organization that provides bikes to health care workers
who work in remote areas.

"Nothing ever gets wasted," he said.

The organization was at the Kemptville Kinsmen Farmers' Market on Sunday, Aug.
22 from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. handing out posters as a promotion for their bike
drive. The bike drive will happen at Riverside Park on Sunday, Aug. 29 from 2
p.m. to 4 p.m. rain or shine.

Palmer said they will be looking for primarily adult bikes, but all bikes are
welcome.

Each week, the Kemptville Kinsmen Farmers' Market provides a space at no charge
to community groups who wish to spread awareness.

For more information on the Farmers' Market, please visit their website at:
http://www.kemptvillefarmersmarket.ca

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                                January 31, 2005

Skills workshop for rural producers

SECTION: Business; Farm/Food; News; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 129 words


A workshop is being organised to equip farmers and other rural producers with
the skills to market their goods more effectively.  Castle Donington Farmers'
Market Co-operative is arranging the one-day workshop at Diseworth on February 9
The Welcome Farmer Workshop also offers an overview of potential new
opportunities for rural businesses Peggy Beddoe, co-ordinator, said: "We are
encouraging farmers and producers to promote their products for profit and to
maximise sales and repeat business though excellent customer service at farmers'
markets, in the farm shop or retail outlet." The event is being organised as
part of the Heart of England Tourist Board's Welcome To Excellence programme.
Booking is essential and more information is available from 01332 810537

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2005 Leicester Mercury


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                           January 19, 2011 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Farmers' mart's welcome return

BYLINE: Chris Rundle

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 696 words


The local farmers' market has reopened for business after the Christmas recess
and a very reassuring sight its Friday morning presence is.

It's only been in suspended animation for three weeks but it feels much longer.
Ours is not, one has to admit, the grandest, most imposing market. It's quite a
modest affair, in fact. But it does offer the chance to buy meat, fish, poultry,
game, vegetables and other products from the people who raise, catch, grow,
shoot and process them.

There is no need to carry a magnifying glass in order to be able to read the
small print which may inform you that the "traditional" British product you are
picking up has arrived from Holland, Denmark, Germany, or Poland. There is no
need to scrutinise the label, either, for give-away words such as 'reformed' or
're-constituted'" - indicators that the contents might not be all they seem.

Above all there is the pleasure of being able to talk to the producers
themselves, a jolly lot who clearly enjoy the experience of meeting people.
Compare it with the soulless waste of supermarket shopping - where I will be
lucky to get an "Awright, mate?" from a spotty youth on the check-out before he
starts mechanically scanning my purchases while eyeing up the deli counter
assistant he obviously fancies - and you can understand why I prefer buying from
Margaret, Roger or John at the market.

I've long been an advocate of farmers taking the weekly market concept one stage
further, getting themselves organised and opening collective shops so they can
offer the punters the same seven-days-a-week service as the supermarkets. I'm
convinced the idea would work - were it not for British farmers' legendary
abhorrence of anything related to the notion of cooperation.

Until such time as that happens, it will be a once-aweek trip to the farmers'
market and the rest of the time I shall have to subject myself to the horrors of
supermarket shopping: being constantly bombarded by aggressive promotions which
attempt to convince me I must absolutely buy six of something I didn't come in
wanting even one of; bamboozled because they've moved the baking ingredients to
where the soap powder used to be; infuriated by the thick-witted who enter the
store and then stop abruptly to gaze around and wonder which way to head off;
and repeatedly barged in the back by trolleys piloted by tracksuit-wearing lard
balls and stacked with enough junk food to clog the arteries of the entire
population of Swindon.

To be addressed as "mate" (I am not, and never will be his "mate" and I've tried
the icy stare but it is ineffective when up against the allure of a
generously-proportioned deli-counter assistant) is the final ignominy.

And of course the last anyway - unless it's the annual purchase of outdoor
clothing from Man at Mole Valley - but supermarkets tend to hold particular
terrors for them.

Well, you can understand why: people who spend so much of their life outdoors
with not another soul in sight between them and the fardistant horizon must find
it a terrifying experience negotiating the overcrowded, claustrophobic aisles,
being deafened by blaring muzak, and shoved aside if they dare to stand in the
same place for more than a minute inspecting the quality of the beef. Not to
mention the trauma of seeing the cost of it all being loaded onto the credit
card.

Oddly enough I did catch sight of a farmer I know at one of the local
supermarkets just a day or so before Christmas. He was being swept out of the
door on the never-ending tide of humanity. There was a wild, helpless look in
his eyes. His clothes were as dishevelled as they might have been had he been
dragged through a hedge backwards and he clutched at my arm as a man being swept
along by floodwater might, in desperation, grasp the branch of a tree.

Jokingly I remarked he was lucky to get out alive, and he seemed inclined to
agree.

"Haven't been in here since last Christmas and I won't be here until next
Christmas," he said, as his wife was carried helplessly past on another tide of
the homewardbound.

Then he surveyed the seething masses still inside. "Do you know," he said, "if I
treated my animals like that I'd end up in the dock."

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: There is the pleasure of being able to talk to the producers themselves
at farmers' markets, a jolly lot who clearly enjoy meeting people

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WMN


                 Copyright 2011 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                             August 21, 2006 Monday

Huge success for city farmers' market

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 553 words


The UK's biggest farmers' market came to a close yesterday after proving a
massive success for the third consecutive year.

For the past three days the city of Plymouth has been awash with tantalising
smells as a team of celebrity chefs cooked mouthwatering dishes, and the finest
producers sold some of the very best of the Westcountry's bounty.

Flavour Fest has not only become the city's first festival totally dedicated to
local food, but has also been dubbed Britain's biggest and best farmers' market.

A host of locally sourced produce was displayed over the weekend from classic
Westcountry cheeses to organic local meats, fudge, fruits, jams and preserves.

James Nickels, of the South Devon Chilli Farm, in Loddiswell, near Kingsbridge,
said: "This is one of our main highlights of our calendar. It's one of the
biggest opportunities to meet consumers and a chance for them to ask us
questions about the products."

Opening the event, Lord Mayor of Plymouth Councillor Michael Fletcher, welcomed
members of the public and traders to the event.

He said: "Plymouth is rapidly becoming one of the most vibrant cities in the
country. This is another example of its diversity and shows the social changes
coming to the city."

Karen Curtis, of Wyld Meadow Farm in Bridport, Dorset, said: "We often visit
farmers' markets and you get the locals who come and support you every week.
Obviously this is once a year and the crowd is a new city crowd.

"It's fantastic to promote the product to new people and we've had some really
good comments."

Kathy and Chris Barrow, of Cornish Country Meats in St Neot near Liskeard,
Cornwall sell specialities including buffalo, ostrich, venison and wild boar and
apple pasties, straight from their farm.

Kathy said: "We have had very successful times here for the last two years and
wanted to come back. This is an excellent festival and it's lovely to see so
many people and so many local producers."

David Markham, of the Blue Sea Food Company, in  Paignton, who specialises in
crab, said: "It's picked up really quickly and we've had all different ages
sampling our crab pate."

Marc Bishop, trade marketing manager of St Austell Brewery said: "It's good to
be involved in one of the best food and drink festivals in the South West. It's
important for us to come to Plymouth as it represents an opportunity for us to
sell our beer and it's a good route into the local market for us.

"We are keen to grow our brands in the Plymouth area so it's all part of brand
building and this is a good route for us to do that."

Lynn Lambrick, of Toppenrose Dairy, in St Keverne, Cornwall said: "We've been
extremely busy and have had lots of people of all different ages sampling our
four different types of soft cheese. This is our first year here so we want to
raise awareness and hope to come back again."

Plymouth Flavour Fest is organised by the Plymouth City Centre Company as part
of the Business Improvement District (BID) initiative and is one of a range of
events supporting Plymouth's position as the South West's number one shopping
destination.

David Draffan, managing director of the Plymouth City Centre Company said:
"Plymouth Flavour Fest has more than doubled in size since its first year and
that's down to the huge and enthusiastic following it has built among shoppers
and local producers.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                             August 21, 2006 Monday

Huge success for city farmers' market

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 553 words


The UK's biggest farmers' market came to a close yesterday after proving a
massive success for the third consecutive year.

For the past three days the city of Plymouth has been awash with tantalising
smells as a team of celebrity chefs cooked mouthwatering dishes, and the finest
producers sold some of the very best of the Westcountry's bounty.

Flavour Fest has not only become the city's first festival totally dedicated to
local food, but has also been dubbed Britain's biggest and best farmers' market.

A host of locally sourced produce was displayed over the weekend from classic
Westcountry cheeses to organic local meats, fudge, fruits, jams and preserves.

James Nickels, of the South Devon Chilli Farm, in Loddiswell, near Kingsbridge,
said: "This is one of our main highlights of our calendar. It's one of the
biggest opportunities to meet consumers and a chance for them to ask us
questions about the products."

Opening the event, Lord Mayor of Plymouth Councillor Michael Fletcher, welcomed
members of the public and traders to the event.

He said: "Plymouth is rapidly becoming one of the most vibrant cities in the
country. This is another example of its diversity and shows the social changes
coming to the city."

Karen Curtis, of Wyld Meadow Farm in Bridport, Dorset, said: "We often visit
farmers' markets and you get the locals who come and support you every week.
Obviously this is once a year and the crowd is a new city crowd.

"It's fantastic to promote the product to new people and we've had some really
good comments."

Kathy and Chris Barrow, of Cornish Country Meats in St Neot near Liskeard,
Cornwall sell specialities including buffalo, ostrich, venison and wild boar and
apple pasties, straight from their farm.

Kathy said: "We have had very successful times here for the last two years and
wanted to come back. This is an excellent festival and it's lovely to see so
many people and so many local producers."

David Markham, of the Blue Sea Food Company, in  Paignton, who specialises in
crab, said: "It's picked up really quickly and we've had all different ages
sampling our crab pate."

Marc Bishop, trade marketing manager of St Austell Brewery said: "It's good to
be involved in one of the best food and drink festivals in the South West. It's
important for us to come to Plymouth as it represents an opportunity for us to
sell our beer and it's a good route into the local market for us.

"We are keen to grow our brands in the Plymouth area so it's all part of brand
building and this is a good route for us to do that."

Lynn Lambrick, of Toppenrose Dairy, in St Keverne, Cornwall said: "We've been
extremely busy and have had lots of people of all different ages sampling our
four different types of soft cheese. This is our first year here so we want to
raise awareness and hope to come back again."

Plymouth Flavour Fest is organised by the Plymouth City Centre Company as part
of the Business Improvement District (BID) initiative and is one of a range of
events supporting Plymouth's position as the South West's number one shopping
destination.

David Draffan, managing director of the Plymouth City Centre Company said:
"Plymouth Flavour Fest has more than doubled in size since its first year and
that's down to the huge and enthusiastic following it has built among shoppers
and local producers.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              July 5, 2016 Tuesday

Have You Enjoyed the Buffalo Grove Farmers Market Yet? Stop by Sunday, July
10th!

BYLINE: Village of Buffalo Grove

SECTION: SUBMITTED CONTENT; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 362 words


The Buffalo Grove Farmers Market is held on Sundays until October 9, 2016 (with
the exception of September 4 during Buffalo Grove Days) at Mike Rylko Community
Park, 51 McHenry Road between Buffalo Grove Road and Deerfield Parkway in front
of the Spray 'n Play.

Here's what's coming up at the market on Sunday, July 10th:

? Mark and Jean will be performing kids' music with instruments for the kiddies
to play along from 10:00 a.m. until noon, and Krazy Klown Club will be doing
free face painting, tattoos and balloons from 9:30 a.m. until noon.

? Farm and vendor offerings: Rice paper rolls, Vietnamese coffee, home made mini
pot pies, hummus, smoked fish, pickles, cider, gluten free gourmet cupcakes, rum
cakes, breads, muffins, honey and maple products, organic vegetables, popcorn,
vegetable plants, grapeseed oil, barbecue sauce, peanuts, exotic salts including
applewood smoked and other unusual varieties along with spice grinders and thumb
grinders, oil, cider, olive oils, preserves, gourmet oatmeal, chocolate chip and
pecan cookies, knife and scissors sharpening, cappuccinos, espressos, smoothies
and lattes both hot and iced, iced tea, scones, cookies, pasta, dessert mixes,
veggie dips, local heirloom veggies, fresh locally grown fruits and vegetables,
fresh flowers, nut mixes, smoothies, muffins, sweet cakes, Gourmet artisan
cheeses, pies, pastries, breads, jams, packaged soups and dips, pork, beef,
chicken, turkey, eggs, dog biscuits, exotic fresh mushrooms, pickled and dried
mushrooms, mini-donuts made on site with choice of dipping sauce and much more.

? Featured Non-profit: Live4Lali will be on site passing out information about
teenagers and drug use. Please visit and support their organization.

? Please bring your NON-EXPIRED, non-perishable, unopened, foods and toiletry
items i.e. soap, paper products, etc. to support our local food pantries. The
collection box is located at the Information Booth and we also accept cash
donations for the needy.

Join the Buffalo Grove Farmers Market on Facebook to learn about upcoming
promotions and activities.

Market hours are 8:00 a.m. until 12:30 p.m. rain or shine. Please direct any
questions to: pstarczo

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Buffalo Grove Farmers Market is held on Sundays from 8:30 a.m.
until 12:30 p.m. at Mike Rylko Community Park. Buffalo Grove Farmers Market

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Melton Times

                              June 2, 2015 Tuesday

Spread the word about your local farmers' market

LENGTH: 427  words


Residents of the borough are being challenged to come up with a design for a new
logo which can be used on new signs, leaflets, banners and online promotions.

The competition is part of a wider scheme to re-brand the market, give it a new
cohesive identity and enhance its historic rustic charm.

The farmers' market, which opened in 1999, is held on Tuesdays and Fridays at
the Livestock Market. It's a hidden gem of specialist and unique stalls selling
quality local produce and hand-crafted gifts.

In 2012 the farmers' market reached the final of a BBC Food and Farming Awards
(best food market) and in 2000 it gained the royal seal of approval from Prince
Charles.

The logo competition is just one of a number of initiatives being looked at to
improve and promote the town's markets. Traders are working closely with the
Melton Mowbray Market Partners and Melton Council to look at ways the facility
to the south of the Livestock Market can be improved.

Bryan Robinson, of Melton Mowbray Market Partners, said: "With the redevelopment
of the Livestock Market due to start, this is a great opportunity to look at the
site to the south and explore possible improvements through engagement with our
traders.

"After recent meetings with Melton Council and the traders we're already looking
at possible internal and external funding to roll out some exciting initiatives
to improve the trading environment and promote the markets and events."

Melton town centre manager Lisa Brown added: "Melton's Farmers' Market is truly
an inspirational and unique shopping experience which we need to shout about,
not just locally but regionally too.

"The new logo will allow us to really develop a brand to spread the word and
show everyone what an asset to the area we have and help develop the market
further."

The logo competition is open to any resident, of any age, who resides within the
Melton borough. Entries can be submitted by an individual, a group or a school.

The logo must contain the words Melton Mowbray Farmers' Market'. A maximum of
two logos can be submitted by one person.

Entry forms and conditions can be obtained from the traders themselves, the
Livestock Market office (call 01664 562971) or  be downloaded from the Melton
Council website http://melton.gov.uk

For more information you can also email lbrown@melton.gov.uk or call Lisa on
(01664) 502335.

The closing date for entries is June 30. The winner, who will be notified by
July 8, will receive a hamper containing produce from the stallholders and will
be invited to a launch event planned for the summer.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MMTP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Mid Devon Gazette Series

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

Concern over lack of action on market

SECTION: NEWS:ENVIRONMENT; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 395  words


TIVERTON Pannier Market will die and close unless something is done, was the
message from leading councillors at a recent meeting.

Those responsible for the market came under fire from councillors who were fed
up with a lack of progress in plans to regenerate the market.

New market manager Alan Ottey and town centre boss Rachel Jenman said they had
made progress.

But some councillors said they found it bizarre that Tiverton did not have a
farmers' market.

Cllr Nick Way said more time and energy is spent by the council on Tiverton's
market than either Crediton or Cullompton and yet neither town's markets faced
the same problem.

He said: "The most successful market in Mid Devon is Crediton Farmers' Market, I
find it quite extraordinary to be honest that the largest town in Mid Devon does
not have a farmers' market, it's amazing."

Cllr Christine Daw asked Mr Ottey if it would be possible to set up a farmers'
market in Tiverton.

Mr Ottey said it was a case of whether the people wanted one but resolved to
look into it.

Mid Devon District Council said it is now working on action plans for Tiverton
town centre and the pannier market and would like feedback from the public.

For the town centre, plans include a range of improvements to the
attractiveness, cleanliness and accessibility of the town.

In a statement, the council said: "We want to work with businesses and other
groups in the town to deliver these improvements.

"In addition, we would like to expand the nature of the offer by looking at the
night time economy, making the town centre more family friendly, improving
safety and security and looking to foster new business success by creating areas
for start-up and fledgling businesses.

"Our strategy for the pannier market includes focusing on marketing, branding
and promotion and improving the appearance of the market by maximising the space
available."

Cllr Richard Chesterton, cabinet member for planning, said: "We have some
exciting plans for Tiverton town centre and the pannier market.  This is an
opportunity for as many people as possible to give us their thoughts and
feedback to help us shape what the final plans will look like."

The consultation period runs until Friday, September 2.

For more details, visit
middevon.gov.uk/your-council/consultation-involvement/current-consultations.

Any comments can be emailed to econdev@middevon.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tiverton Pannier Market needs regenerating to keep it going, according
to some town councillors

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Elkhart Truth, Ind.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 31, 2014 Saturday

Goshen First Fridays features rain barrel auction, Tumbleweed Jumpers, sweet
treats

BYLINE: Angelle Barbazon, The Elkhart Truth, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 585 words


May 31--GOSHEN -- The beginning of summer is just a few weeks away, and downtown
Goshen's First Fridays event is welcoming the new season with rain barrel
auctions, ice cream, music from The Tumbleweed Jumpers and more.

WHAT IS FIRST FRIDAYS?

First Fridays is a monthly event that highlights downtown Goshen with live
performances, fun activities and business promotions. The theme for the event on
Friday, June 6, is Sweet Summer Kick-off.

FOOD AND ENTERTAINMENT

--Family bike ride: Celebrate the grand opening of the Monroe Street Bike Trail
that stretches from U.S. 33 to the Elkhart County 4-H Fairgrounds. Registration
begins at 5:30 p.m. at the public parking lot near Interra Credit Union, 300 W.
Lincoln Ave. Riders are asked to bring at least one non-perishable food item or
give a tax deductible donation. At 6 p.m., riders leave for the fairground,
where Honey's Frozen Yogurt will have treats on sale. The ride supports the
Elkhart County 4-H food drive and Church Community Services.

--The Window: The Window, 223 St. Main St., will have an Indian-themed menu from
4:30 p.m. to 8 p.m., or until food runs out. The menu includes curry with white
rice, bread and fruit dessert.

--Ice cream social: For the fifth year, Goshen City Church of the Brethren, 203
N. Fifth St., is scooping ice cream for free from 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. Ice
cream will be churned Friday with natural ingredients.

--ERRA rain barrel auction: The Elkhart River Restoration Association, or ERRA,
will auction a dozen rain barrels designed by local artists beginning at 6 p.m.
at the main stage on the courthouse lawn. Funds from the auction are shared by
the artists and the ERRA, which focuses on improving water quality in the
Elkhart River watershed, including the Goshen Dam Pond. Rain barrels are used to
collect water, reducing runoff from properties.

--Chalk the walk: Downtown Goshen invites kids to share their artistic talents
from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. at suite 4 at 234 S. Main St. Draw pictures, write
inspirational thoughts and play hopscotch on the courthouse sidewalks.

--Goshen Farmers Market: The Goshen Farmers Market will offer jewelry, purses,
chocolates, drinks, baked goods, soap, produce, meats and more from 7 p.m. to 8
p.m. at 212 W. Washington St.

--Sweet summer treat: Stop in at the Goshen Historical Society Museum, 124 S.
Main St., to pick up a sweet treat and hear Waterbound play from 7 p.m. to 9
p.m.

--The Tumbleweed Jumpers: A nine-piece Goshen band brings bluegrass-folk-rock to
the main stage on the courthouse lawn from 7:30 p.m. to 9 p.m.

PROMOTIONS

--Book signings: Several authors will be signing copies of their newest releases
from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. at Better World Books, 215 S. Main St. Writer Saloma
Miller Furlong will sign copies of her memoir, "Bonnet Strings: An Amish Woman's
Ties to Two Worlds," chronicling her decision to the leave the Amish community
she grew up in. Wallace and Evelyn Shellenberger, authors of "Welcome to Iran,"
ended their medical careers in 2001 to live and study in Iran where they were
leaders of several learning tour groups. Writer Richard Kauffman tells stories
of his encounters with Iranians, their culture and their politics and how
barriers can be broken down by sharing those experiences in "An American in
Persia: A Pilgrimage to Iran."

Follow Elkhart Truth reporter Angelle Barbazon on Twitter at @tweetangelle.

___ (c)2014 The Elkhart Truth (Elkhart, Ind). Visit The Elkhart Truth (Elkhart,
Ind). at www.elkharttruth.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140531-1ET-Goshen-First-Fridays-features-rain-barrel-auction-Tumbleweed-Jumper
s-sweet-treats-0531-20140531

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1ET


                                 Copyright 2014


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Lincolnshire Echo

                             April 20, 2010 Tuesday

Market stalls 'harming high street businesses'

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 258  words


Continental and farmers' markets should be moved, say Lincoln traders.

Lincoln boasts a variety of markets held in the city centre, ranging from the
daily traders' market, the monthly farmers' markets, or the continental markets.

However, businesses in the city centre have expressed concerns over the location
the various stalls are placed.

Tina Sampson is a partner in the family-run Tuck Inn Cafe, in the Stonebow
Centre.

Mrs Sampson explained that the placing of market stalls has a massive impact on
her business.

"The markets used to be held down Saltergate," she said.

"For the last two years, they've been moved down the bottom end of the High
Street, leaving the top end shops struggling to survive.

"We found that when the market is on, our income is down.

"If the markets were held back on Saltergate, we would see an incline in our
customers, but at the moment, the historic Stonebow Centre is a very quite
location.

"I don't believe that Lincoln Business Improvement Group or the City of Lincoln
Council are looking at all the assets of their city.

"More and more shops are closing. If the market stalls moved back to Saltergate,
the increased footfall would be tremendous."

Michael Armstrong, events and promotions manager for Lincoln BIG, said that they
tried to vary the location of the continental and farmers' markets so it was
fair for all Lincoln businesses.

"Our area for the market covers from the cathedral to St Marks, so we try and
vary the pitches," he said.

"Trying to please everyone and trying to get the right balance is the trick."

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 90


                        Copyright 2010 Lincolnshire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            October 22, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FREE DAY 3 PROMOTION EXTENDED

BYLINE: By MARY THURWACHTER Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. 5H

LENGTH: 251 words


The "Stay Free Day Three" getaway package offered by a variety of hotels in
Martin County has been extended through Dec. 31. Visitors who book a reservation
for two nights during this peak holiday period get the third night free at
participating hotels, based on availability.

The deal includes Casa D'Este Inn Bed & Breakfast in Jensen Beach
(772-225-2729); Shepard's Park Bed & Breakfast in Stuart (772- 781-4244); and
Manatee Pocket Inn in Port Salerno (772-286-6060).

For more information about participating hotel accommodations and to request a
free visitor brochure, visit www.martincountyfla.com or call (877) 585-0085.

Farmers Market a short walk

Sabal Palm House Bed and Breakfast's guests can now stroll across the
Intracoastal Bridge nearby and visit the newly opened Lake Worth's Oceanside
Farmers Market.

Forty-five vendors are featured, including local favorites like Ziggy's
perfectly ripened cheeses and Steve's baguettes from Renaissance Bakery.

Sabal Palm House is at 109 N. Golfview Road in downtown Lake Worth. The inn
belongs to an elite circle of Four Diamond winners with only 3 percent of the
estimated 25,000 AAA-rated lodgings attaining this high level of excellence.
Only three other Bed & Breakfasts in the state have been awarded Four Diamonds.

Rates range from $125-$210 from May 1 through Nov. 15. For reservations or more
information, call (888) 722-2572 or visit www.sabalpalmhouse.com.

The INNside Scoop is a weekly column about bed-and-breakfast inns.

mary_thurwachter@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  THE INNSIDE SCOOP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           October 19, 2006 Thursday

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE

LENGTH: 254 words


Agriculture Commissioner Roger Johnson laid out his "Plan for North Dakota's
Agricultural Future" at a Bismarck press conference Wednesday.

The plan includes strategies for expanding opportunities in renewable energy,
livestock development, farmers' markets, organic farming and the Pride of Dakota
program.

The plan consists of new ideas and others that Johnson has discussed before.

On renewable energy, Johnson renewed his call for requiring 10 percent ethanol
in all gasoline in North Dakota by 2008 and 20 percent by 2013. In addition,
Johnson called for increasing state funding for renewable energy development and
promotion from $4.5 million for the current biennium to $20 million for the next
biennium.

Johnson also called for increasing organic farming, farmers' markets and value
added livestock development.

In other political news:

3 Matt Mechtel, Republican candidate for Congress, in news conferences held in
Fargo and Bismarck Wednesday, said that federal spending has become an epidemic
of frightening proportions.

He said that the public is almost numbed by Congress's excessive spending.

Mechtel noted that congressmen and senators are eager to spend whatever special
interests demand.

He called for a budget freeze to stop the runaway federal spending spree.

For the long term, the Republican candidate called for the creation of a blue
ribbon panel, with sufficient power, to make concrete recommendations to
reorganize the executive and legislative branches of government.

- From Tribune staff From the campaign trail

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Wiltshire

                                August 10, 2005

Farmers full of optimism

BYLINE: Roland Batten (roland.batten@salisburyjournal.co.uk)

SECTION: Columns

LENGTH: 360 words


WITH their first operational year successfully under their belt traders at
Salisbury's Farmers' Markets have entered their second year full of optimism.

Attracting a few new traders and bringing in musicians to "lift the atmosphere"
of the twice-a-month market are among plans for the coming year market manager
Brian Mascall told Rural View.

Salisbury Farmers' Market which runs under the auspices of the Wiltshire
Farmers' Markets Association currently attracts between 20 and 25 traders to the
city centre Market Square and Mr Mascall said he thought up to 30 local traders
could be accommodated.

He has obtained a list of musicians who could provide entertainment and this
idea kicked-off yesterday with a pan pipe player.

One problem facing the traders is promoting the market. Mr Mascall said: "As a
co-operative marketing venture we have a negligible budget for advertising and
promotion. Until recently our most effective tool was the placement of roadside
signs around market locations for a few days before each market.

"Salisbury district council's ban on such signs means that we have no way of
communicating with our customers."

To bring in more people Mr Mascall would like to attract new traders including
perhaps honey producers and honey by-products and organic vegetable growers.

"I would love to have a greater variety of food and finished products. The
balance is already about right but there is always room for improvement."

Items for sale at the Salisbury market have to be produced in Wiltshire or
within 40 miles of Salisbury. Markets are held twice a month. The remaining
dates are - August 17 September 7 and 21 October 5 and 19 November 2 and 16 and
December 7 and 21.

Regular trader Boyton Farm scooped a series of awards at this year's Royal
Agricultural Show. Caroline and Thomas Wheatley-Hubbard breed and rear Tamworths
the oldest herd of pedigree pigs in the country.

At the show one of their boars won overall best in breed and a sow won best in
class. A gilt took the award for the best September gilt. One of their sows was
also reserve champion at this year's Bath and West Show.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2005 NewsQuest Media Group Limited


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Comment News (Perth, Australia)

                            November 2, 2010 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Market brings home a healthy message

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 189  words


FRESH fruit samples were handed to shoppers at the Foothills Farmers Market as
part of a Fruit n Veg Trail to encourage healthy eating.

The Fruit n Veg Trail, coordinated by the South Metropolitan Public Health Unit,
involved participants trekking around the market stalls to pick up tasty
samples, fun treats and fresh fruit.

Everyone who was involved received a Go for 2&5 eco bag and a Maddington Kenwick
Fruit and Vegie Project cookbook.

Go for 2&5 mascot Celia Celery also visited during the day, handing out stickers
and reminding children to go for two fruit and five vegetables every day.

Megan Milligan, health promotion coordinator at SMPHU in Armadale, said the
Fruit n Veg Trail was a great way to showcase delicious, locally grown fruit and
vegetables.

The Foothills Farmers Market is held on the third Sunday of each month at the
Kelmscott High School Farm on Cammillo Road.

The next market will be on November 21 from 8.30am to noon.

With such a great market on our doorstep we can make every month Fruit n Veg
month, Ms Milligan said.

For more information about the Foothills Farmers Market, call Linday Caporn on
0427 276 30.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCN


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 17, 2017 Friday

Grants become more important for farmers markets, agritourism

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 391  words


OKLAHOMA CITY - The grant-writing workshop kicking off the annual Farmers Market
and Agritourism Conference and Expo on Thursday is more important than ever,
state Agriculture Department representatives said.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture recently announced the availability of more
than $27 million in grants to help entrepreneurial agriculture producers while
strengthening rural economies. Nearly $1 million is also available from the
Federal-State Marketing Improvement Program through matching grants with state
departments of agriculture, colleges or universities. The program funds
farmer-to-consumer marketing projects such as farmers markets,
community-supported agriculture programs and agritourism.

The timing is good for Oklahoma as lawmakers struggle to balance a state budget
with dismal tax revenue. Ashley Bender, the Oklahoma Department of Agriculture,
Food and Forestry's market coordinator, said farmers markets across the state
look to her program for support, but she's not sure how much will be possible
until appropriations are announced for the fiscal year beginning July 1.

Even the small details are important to local producers, she said -
department-printed Oklahoma Grown produce bags are popular, for example. Most of
the state Agriculture Department's support is in the form of marking promotion
and organizing events such as the upcoming conference on Thursday at the Embassy
Suites in Oklahoma City.

As the state economy slumps, agriculture investment has paid off. Department
Secretary Jim Reese said farmers markets reported more than $3 million in sales
last year. Not all operations report their results, so the total is likely even
larger. Those sales are important to rural economies as well.

"It's been one of our fastest-growing sectors of agriculture, growing at a rate
of about 25 percent per year in reported sales," Reese said. "A lot more people
are getting involved in fresh farming of foods and vegetables. And our
conferences are very popular with full attendance demanding ever-larger rooms
for bigger crowds. "

Conference topics include social media marketing, trends in vegetable and nut
farming, value-added farming, live food demos in retail spaces and sustaining
established farmers markets.



Click here for more from this resource.

Copyright © 2017 BridgeTower Media.  All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 11, 2011 Monday

New program to benefit lower income households, farmers

BYLINE: Suzanne Ulbrich, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 773 words


July 11--Kelly Putnam of Putnam Farms is thrilled to have the opportunity to
educate people about her farm's produce.

She and other produce farmers at the Onslow County Farmers' Market are
participating in the N.C. Farmers' Market Nutrition Programs pilot project to
benefit lower income households and farmers.

"The program is absolutely wonderful," she said. "Teaching, especially the
younger generation, about healthy eating is a great opportunity. We personally
educate them about all the products we have, how to cook them and keep them
nutritional. At the same time it is another avenue of income for us since quite
of few of the recipients with vouchers wouldn't ordinarily spend them with us."

Onslow County Farmers' Market and six other North Carolina county farmers'
markets were chosen to participate in N.C. Farmers' Markets Nutrition Programs
pilot project to try to increase redemption rates of those receiving food
assistance and promote healthy eating, said Larry Kent, the coordinator of
Onslow County Farmers' Market.

"We are very excited to be part of the pilot project," he said. "We are trying
to promote the growth of local farmers and support eating more fruits and
vegetables."

The pilot project links three U.S. Department of Agriculture affiliated food
assistance programs including senior citizens, Women, Infants and Children
clients and Food and Nutrition Services participants to encourage and enable
participants to use their benefits at the participating farmers' markets.

Making healthy fresh fruits and vegetables easier to purchase and eat for
seniors and lower income households and encouraging the use of local farmer's
markets as part of a regular shopping routine to support local farmers is what
the N.C. Farmers' Markets Nutrition Programs pilot project is all about, said
Kent.

"The statewide average redemption rate is 52 percent and locally it is about 48
percent," he said. "That is just terrible. It means people who are in need and
eligible are either not getting them or are not using (their food assistance
programs). Most people are not aware they can use EBT cards at local farmers'
markets. The program is designed to let them know and get the word out."

Onslow Farmers' Market is partnering locally with the Department of Social
Services, WIC Department of Health in Jacksonville, WIC at Tarawa Terrace aboard
Camp Lejeune, Onslow Senior Services, New Parents Support Program, Tarawa
Terrace aboard Camp Lejeune, Health Promotions, Camp Lejeune and Onslow
Community Health Improvement Process, to educate those who might qualify about
the farmers' market voucher programs, said Kent.

"We have ... brochures we will be giving away about the programs," said Kent who
added the vouchers are designed specifically for fruits and vegetables and can
only be redeemed at farmers' markets.

The Western Boulevard extension of the farmers' market was added to better
accommodate young people and the military with transportation issues, Kent said.

"The greatest numbers of WIC clients locally are military in the lower ranks
with a number of children," he said.

Farmers selling at markets participate in the project must grow a minimum of 50
percent of what they are selling, Kent said.

Onslow CHIP, located in the Caring Community Clinic at 1 Dewitt St., will have
brochures available for clients in the lobby, said Melissa St. Clair, a
technical assistant with the agency.

"This is a great program to promote the healthy lifestyle eating more fruits and
vegetables and support the local farmers," she said. "We will be marketing the
program through our newsletter, telling our partners about it and putting the
word out through or Facebook page."

Vouchers for senior citizens are available for distribution Monday at the Onslow
County Senior Canter, located at 4024 Richlands Highway. WIC vouchers are
available at the Onslow County Health Department located at 612 College Street
and at WIC at Tarawa Terrace aboard Camp Lejeune.

For more information, visit nutritionnc.com/wic/index.htm.

The Onslow County Farmers' Market at 4024 Richlands Highway is open every
Tuesday and Saturday from 8:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. through the first Saturday of
November. The location at 1108 Western Boulevard is open every Thursday from
noon to 6 p.m. through the last Thursday in October.

To see more of The Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.jdnews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110711-JN-New-program-to-benefit-lower-income-households-farmers-0711-20110711

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2011 The Daily News


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 14, 2012 Saturday

USDA official swings by area farmers' markets

BYLINE: Cathy Dyson, The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 564 words


July 14--USDA official Ed Avalos wasn't kidding when he said going to a farmers
market is a social event.

On Saturday, Avalos, the USDA undersecretary for marketing and regulatory
programs, visited markets in Spotsylvania and Fredericksburg to see the impact
that federal grants are having in local communities.

As he walked among the vendors, he chatted in both English and Spanish. He said
the yellow squash he saw for sale reminded him of home and a dish that he likes
with squash, green chilies and cheese.

He bought long green peppers in Fredericksburg to roast and include in
enchiladas that he would prepare for his staff.

And, when he saw Spotsylvania resident Al Gonzalez in front of a display of
sugar-baby watermelons, Avalos asked him the best way to pick a ripe one.

"You hit it, and if it doesn't talk back, it's a good one," Gonzalez said.

Customers, vendors and market managers alike said they were glad to see the USDA
representative meet and greet those who bring locally grown and raised food to
market.

Avalos said he was glad to be there, too.

"I want to go out to different farms and markets because that's where I feel at
home," Avalos said.

He said the variety of fresh fruits and vegetables available at the two markets
was an "incredible surprise." At the Spotsylvania market, Elizabeth Borst tried
to shuttle him around to meet some of the 45 vendors who sell there, but Avalos
couldn't take his eyes off the variety of produce.

"I'll have time later to come back and buy a few things, right?" he wondered,
then turned to his wife, Anne, and asked: "Can you get me some sweet corn? And
those cantaloupes really look good."

Avalos talked about the importance of farmers markets beyond the social
opportunities, and the chance for residents to have a one-on-one conversations
with people who grow their food.

"A farmers market tells you about the culture and tradition of the community,"
Avalos said.

They're also important for economic reasons because they create jobs. "And
another hidden benefit is they keep agricultural land in production," he said.

As he talked with a number of Hispanic sellers in Fredericksburg, Avalos said he
met people who came to America as farm laborers, then went on to rent or buy
their own farms. He was happy to see them contributing to the local economy and
believed the diversity of the 20 vendors at the Fredericksburg market "is very
unique to Virginia and very important to the community."

Avalos praised three initiatives of the USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service
that provide support for markets. They are:

The Specialty Crop Block Grant Program, which focuses on unusual crops.

Know Your Farmer program, which encourages people to find locally grown foods.

The Farmers Market Promotion Program, which encourages Supplemental Nutrition
Assistance Program (SNAP) recipients and credit-card users to shop at the
markets. SNAP is the new name for food stamps.

Borst at the Spotsylvania market said the grants certainly have helped local
residents. She met a woman Saturday morning who said she drives every week from
Caroline County to the Spotsylvania market off State Route 3 to buy fresh food
with her SNAP card.

Cathy Dyson: 540/374-5425

cdyson@freelancestar.com

___ (c)2012 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Va.) Visit The Free Lance-Star
(Fredericksburg, Va.) at www.fredericksburg.com/flshome Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120714-FB-USDA-official-swings-by-area-farmers-markets-0714-20120714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2012 The Free Lance-Star


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             August 29, 2014 Friday

Farmers market debuts Saturday

BYLINE: DALE WHITE

SECTION: B; ARCHIVES; Pg. BNV01

LENGTH: 298 words

DATELINE: LAKEWOOD RANCH


LAKEWOOD RANCH: Wares will include produce. honey, herbs, seafood

LAKEWOOD RANCH

LAKEWOOD RANCH - Jennifer McCafferty will plant a seed this Saturday at Main
Street on Lakewood Ranch that she hopes will take root and grow.

The owner of Ruskin-based Jen's Market, a promotions and events firm, wants to
start a farmers market in this master-planned community's business district that
includes restaurants, shops and a movie theater.

Her first Jen's Market Place in Lakewood Ranch will be Saturday.

"If everything goes well, the next one will be Sept. 27," McCafferty said.

For now, McCafferty intends to keep the street market on a monthly schedule.

Twenty vendors are registered to participate so far.

Their wares will include fresh produce, honey, herbs and seafood, gluten-free
foods and Italian ices.

Frank the Geezer, an acoustic guitarist, will perform.

A previous farmers market on Main Street, with which McCafferty was not
affiliated, ended about three years ago.

"It just kind of fizzled out," McCafferty said.

She wants Jen's MarketPlace - of which venues exist now in Apollo Beach and
another will open soon in Largo - to become one of Main Street's dependable and
popular events.

"The main ingredient is community participation," McCafferty said.

If shoppers are pleased with the marketplace's potential, McCafferty would like
to see it grow to about 50 to 60 vendors.

McCafferty said she has a vendor base of about 200 merchants she can draw from,
depending on what her Lakewood Ranch customers want.

"Each market is different, the demographics are different," McCafferty said.

INTERESTED?

WHAT: Jen's Market Place

WHERE: Lakewood Ranch Main Street

WHEN: 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. this Saturday

MORE INFORMATION: To learn more about this new farmers market or get vendor
information, go to Jens-Market.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Aegis, Bel Air, Md.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

New Marketplace on Main in Bel Air to open Wednesday

BYLINE: The Aegis, Bel Air, Md.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 401 words


May 09--Bel Air's new Marketplace on Main will open for the first time this
coming Wednesday, May 8, in the town's new Main Street parking lot between the
Sheriff's Office and the Main Street Tower restaurant and across from the
courthouse.

The Bel Air Downtown Alliance is a partner in the new outdoor market in
partnership with The Town of Bel Air and The Mill of Bel Air.

According to a news release from the alliance, Marketplace on Main will feature
local growers and producers, artists from the Harford Artists Gallery, a
delicious menu from Main Street Tower and a variety of weekly specials and
promotions, including live entertainment.

The Marketplace on Main will be open every Wednesday, from 3 to 7 p.m., through
Sept. 25.

When plans for the market were first made public last month, Bel Air town
planning official Bob Syphard stressed the Wednesday market is not related to
the regular Saturday farmers market held in the parking lot of the Risteau
District Court building. The farmers market is operated by its own board of
directors.

Syphard said Marketplace on Main organizers hope to attract a dozen vendors
selling produce, prepared food and arts and crafts. "It's a farmers' market, but
there's going to be a vendor component that is food related, consumables on site
as well as carry off," he explained.

As of Thursday afternoon, the alliance's website listed the following vendors
for the market, subject to change: Brad's Produce, Coffee Coffee, Pure Chocolate
by Jinji, Belvedere Farm, Quigley Farm, Beichlers Beyond, Flying Plow Farm,
Hickory Chance Beef, Broom's Bloom Dairy, KCC Natural Farms, Harford Artists
Gallery, The Mill of Bel Air and Bonita Winery & Vineyard.

"This is an amazing opportunity for our community to experience the benefits of
a weekday farmers' market combined with fun and excitement from the local arts
community," Scott Walker, Downtown Alliance executive director, said in the news
release, adding that the new market would not be possible without the efforts of
town Planning Director Kevin Small and Mill of Bel Air owner Henry Holloway.

To learn more and see the complete list of vendors and entertainment schedule,
visit the Bel Air Downtown Alliance website, http://www.DowntownBelair.com.

___ (c)2013 The Aegis (Bel Air, Md.) Visit The Aegis (Bel Air, Md.) at
www.baltimoresun.com/explore/harford/publications/the-aegis Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130509-1AE-New-Marketplace-on-Main-in-Bel-Air-to-open-Wednesday-0509-20130509

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AE


                            Copyright 2013 The Aegis


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Aegis, Bel Air, Md.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 3, 2013 Friday

New Marketplace on Main in Bel Air to open Wednesday

BYLINE: The Aegis, Bel Air, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 401 words


May 03--Bel Air's new Marketplace on Main will open for the first time this
coming Wednesday, May 8, in the town's new Main Street parking lot between the
Sheriff's Office and the Main Street Tower restaurant and across from the
courthouse.

The Bel Air Downtown Alliance is a partner in the new outdoor market in
partnership with The Town of Bel Air and The Mill of Bel Air.

According to a news release from the alliance, Marketplace on Main will feature
local growers and producers, artists from the Harford Artists Gallery, a
delicious menu from Main Street Tower and a variety of weekly specials and
promotions, including live entertainment.

The Marketplace on Main will be open every Wednesday, from 3 to 7 p.m., through
Sept. 25.

When plans for the market were first made public last month, Bel Air town
planning official Bob Syphard stressed the Wednesday market is not related to
the regular Saturday farmers market held in the parking lot of the Risteau
District Court building. The farmers market is operated by its own board of
directors.

Syphard said Marketplace on Main organizers hope to attract a dozen vendors
selling produce, prepared food and arts and crafts. "It's a farmers' market, but
there's going to be a vendor component that is food related, consumables on site
as well as carry off," he explained.

As of Thursday afternoon, the alliance's website listed the following vendors
for the market, subject to change: Brad's Produce, Coffee Coffee, Pure Chocolate
by Jinji, Belvedere Farm, Quigley Farm, Beichlers Beyond, Flying Plow Farm,
Hickory Chance Beef, Broom's Bloom Dairy, KCC Natural Farms, Harford Artists
Gallery, The Mill of Bel Air and Bonita Winery & Vineyard.

"This is an amazing opportunity for our community to experience the benefits of
a weekday farmers' market combined with fun and excitement from the local arts
community," Scott Walker, Downtown Alliance executive director, said in the news
release, adding that the new market would not be possible without the efforts of
town Planning Director Kevin Small and Mill of Bel Air owner Henry Holloway.

To learn more and see the complete list of vendors and entertainment schedule,
visit the Bel Air Downtown Alliance website, http://www.DowntownBelair.com.

___ (c)2013 The Aegis (Bel Air, Md.) Visit The Aegis (Bel Air, Md.) at
www.baltimoresun.com/explore/harford/publications/the-aegis Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130503-1AE-New-Marketplace-on-Main-in-Bel-Air-to-open-Wednesday-0503-20130503

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AE


                            Copyright 2013 The Aegis


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                              March 5, 2017 Sunday

A Weekend & Ford Promotion: Top weekend family boat & trailer destinations

SECTION: TRAVEL; General

LENGTH: 552 words


Leigh

Weekend asked Nicky Sinden, host of TV show ADOS Addicted to Fishing to name her
favourite weekend destinations with boat and trailer that offered something for
everyone in the family. The location needed a boat ramp for easy access to that
awesome fishing spot, along with a rich mix of great attractions nearby that
combined together made for a great weekend away.

Matakana Village Farmers Market

I"m a Mangawhai local and I love to visit the surrounding markets for a change
of scenery. The famous Matakana Village Farmers" Market is one of my faves. I
can pick up a delicious hot coffee and something tasty for breakfast. There are
also plenty of stalls of fresh produce, organic treats, artisan breads as well
as cheeses, olive oils, preserves and meats.

Leigh Harbour Boat Ramp

If you"re after a variety of fish rather than just snapper, then there are some
great fishing spots just around the corner from sheltered Leigh Harbour. My Ford
Everest and trailer easily handles the concrete boat ramp near the wharf. I just
chuck it in 4L, and get my 750 Game King Extreme Boat out no worries!

Sawmill Café

After a busy morning catching fish, the mouth-watering wood-fired pizzas at the
Sawmill Café in Leigh will always fill the gap. In the afternoon, their patio
area is the perfect spot to soak up some sunshine. It makes me feel grateful to

live in such a gorgeous country.

Morris & James pottery studio

If you"re looking for a gift, the renowned Morris & James" Pottery Studio has a
magnificent display of locally made handcrafted and glazed terracotta. The clay
is actually excavated right from the banks of the Matakana river.

Tawharanui

Keeping fit is important to me, so on the way home I like to stop off for a walk
through the native bush at Tawharanui Regional Park. You can check out the the
birdlife, and of course there"s the majestic white sandy beach where you can
stretch your legs and soak up some sun.

Music

I listen to a huge mix of different music when I"m driving the Everest. Some
days I throw my hair up in a bun and listen to Snoop Dogg "Drop it like its
hot". Then there"s nothing better than cranking some Netsky "Go To". It"s all
right there using Spotify through Ford"s SYNC3.

WIN! Your ultimate weekend road trip in a new Ford Everest Design your ultimate
weekend road trip with a fishing angle, and you could win your perfect weekend
away, with up to $1,500 to spend, driving a brand new Ford Everest. Your road
trip will be a breeze as the Ford Everest"s intuitive technology and capability
moves you seamlessly from the inner-city to the open road and beyond.

How to enter:

To enter, tell us what your ultimate weekend road trip would look like:

1.Where you"d go to fish

2.What you"d do nearby

3. Where you"d eat

4. Who you"d take

5. What music you"d listen to

The winning entry will be judged on originality and creativity.

To be in the draw to win, go to www.nzherald.co.nz/win Show us the best weekend
road trip, and you could soon be taking to the road for a weekend in a sleek,
new, rugged, yet refined Ford Everest.

Competition terms and conditions are available on the NZ Herald website.
Entrants must be 18 years or older and have a full, valid, clean and current New
Zealand drivers" licence. Deadline for entry is midnight, Monday 27 March 2017.
The winner will be announced 1 April 2017.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 28, 2013 Tuesday

Tobs' 2013 home schedule crammed full of special events

BYLINE: Paul Durham, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 606 words


May 28--The Wilson Tobs will have something extra for fans at every home game
this season, including a series of new weekly promotions to go along with old
favorites, such as Thirsty Thursdays.

"We wanted to provide an event around all of our baseball games and I believe
the 2013 season will accomplish this goal," said Tobs Director of Sales and
Marketing Robin Hauser. "We offer the best in affordable family entertainment
and part of our mission for this season was to ensure our fans get the most out
of Wilson Tobs baseball."

The summer-long party begins with Tuesday's season opener, which will feature
Tobs mascot Slugger's new look, in the game against Coastal Plain League East
Division rival Edenton Steamers.

Besides Thirsty Thursdays (of which there will be seven this season), the Tobs
are also bringing back the family friendly Festival Saturday for two of their
three home Saturday games. Gates will open at 5:30 p.m. and there will be a
variety of activities and inflatables for youngsters.

Additionally, the Tobs will offer new promotions for each day of the week.

Sundays' Faith and Family Nights will offer special group rates for church
groups. Mondays will be Slugger's Kids Club Night for children ages 12 and under
who join Slugger's Kids Club. Members will receive tickets for each Monday night
game (June 24, July 22, Aug. 5) and parents will be admitted for half-price. For
more information on how to join, visit the Tobs website at wilsontobs.com.

Ladies Night on Tuesdays will offer half-price admission for all ladies.
Wednesdays will be Dog Days of Summer with $1 hot dogs all game long and
FANtastic Fridays will feature special prices on select merchandise and
opportunities to win prizes for fans in Tobs gear.

And of course, the ever-popular Thirsty Thursdays are back seven times during
the 2013 season, which will add wine to the beer-garden beverage menu.

Special highlights on the promo calendar begin with Bark in the Park Day on
Sunday, June 2. Pet owners can bring their pets to the game and, with a
pet-related product for donation to area animal organizations, fans will receive
$1 off the cost of admission.

School's Out Celebration with postgame fireworks on Thursday, June 6, will be
the first of two pyrotechnic displays in Fleming Stadium this summer. The other,
of course, will be the Tobs' traditional Fourth of July extravaganza.

The Beer & BBQ Festival returns for a second year June 15 as does Picnic in the
Park with a noon start to the July 10 exhibition game against Kernersville of
the Carolina/Virginia League.

Also new this season is "Farm 2 Field" each Thursday home game. Local farmers
will sell their fresh, locally grown products inside Fleming. There will be
special themes such as Strawberry Week, Watermelon Week and Peanut Week.

"The Wilson Farmers Market is looking forward to cooperating with the Wilson
Tobs organization to promote locally grown Wilson produce," said N.C. State
University Commercial Horticulture Agent Billy Little in a release. "This will
be a great extension for the Wilson Farmers Market to supply local produce,
homemade crafts and local processed items for the Tobs home baseball games. The
vendors are looking forward to having some of the items you also see displayed
at the Wednesday downtown market and the Saturday fairgrounds market."

Finally, the biggest game of the season for the Tobs will come June 25 when USA
Baseball takes the field for a special exhibition.

paul@wilsontimes.com -- 265-7808

___ (c)2013 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130528-ZW-Tobs-2013-home-schedule-crammed-full-of-special-events-0528-20130528

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2013 The Wilson Daily Times


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            March 14, 2013 Thursday

The Time is Ripe by Debra Morris

BYLINE: By Debra Morris Columnist

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; News; Local

LENGTH: 429 words


Spring is finally here! And that means asparagus will be arriving soon at the
farmers market. Cecchini & Cecchini will be back with their amazing fresh
asparagus straight from the fertile fields of Brentwood.

Asparagus is harvested from March through June in California. Early in the
season spears may be as thin as pencils; toward the end of the season, fatter,
meatier spears become available.

Note that thickness in no way indicates tenderness, which is related to how the
plant is grown and how soon it is eaten after harvest, rather than spear size.

Buy asparagus as soon as possible after it is harvested. The farmers market is
your best bet for extra-tender specimens. Look for smooth skin, bright green
color, compact heads, and freshly cut ends.

Look for asparagus that is as green (or purple or white in the case of purple
and white varieties) as possible to ensure you are getting tender spears.

Don't forget your St. Patrick's Day vegetables. Potatoes, onions, red or green
cabbages, carrots and more can be found at Halog Farms. Other tasty veggies are
here from Nunez Farm and Swank Farm.

Spinach and other leafy greens, beets, spring onions and more offer great flavor
and nutrition for stews, salads and soups.

Easter is arriving early this year -- March 31 -- so pick up some fresh eggs at
Great Valley Poultry.

Also brightening up the market for Easter are spring flowers from Sunrise
Nursery and Ochoa Nursery. Roses, alstroemeria, freesia, carnations and many
other flowers are here to enjoy. And don't forget to pick up some tiger lilies
for Easter celebrations.

Yes, spring has sprung and the new season's fruits and veggies will arrive fast
and furious. Cherries come in May, apricots and other stone fruit in June,
summer vegetables like squash, tomatoes and peppers will not be far behind.

So get out to the market and see what's new. It will be a voyage of discovery
every week.

For your Easter brunch, enjoy elegant and delicious asparagus.

Farmers markets are open rain or shine.

Danville Farmers Market: 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Saturday year-round, Railroad and
Prospect avenues.

Livermore Farmers Market: Sundays year-round, 10 a.m.-2 p.m. at South L Street
and Railroad Avenue.

Pleasanton Farmers Market: Saturdays, 9 a.m. -1 p.m. year-round, Main and W.
Angela streets.

San Ramon Farmers Market: Saturdays year-round, 9 a.m.-1 p.m., Bishop Ranch 2
parking lot, Bollinger Canyon Road and Sunset Drive.

The Time is Ripe is a monthly column written by Debra Morris, promotions
coordinator for the Pacific Coast Farmers' Market Association. Contact her
atdebramorris@pcfma.com .

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            November 7, 2010 Sunday

Bare Market;
New Leola Venue Struggles, But Other Sites Fare Better. Markets Galore
Frustrated Discouraged, Not Done Keys To Success

BYLINE: Eric G. Stark

SECTION: D; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1336  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Walk in the Amish Farmers Market at Meadowbrook and the empty space draws more
attention than the fresh produce and meats.

Open since Feb. 18, it is housed in the old market building on Route 23 in Leola
that had its heyday in the 1970s and early '80s - back when it drew dozens of
buses daily and a steady stream of local customers.

The venue, open Thursday-Saturday, struggles today. During a 45-minute stretch
on a Friday morning, only three customers perused the offerings.

But the reasons for slow business are varied.

Some suggest that rental rates at Meadowbrook are too high. Others say the
market needs more time.

Some believe its sluggish start might also indicate that there are simply too
many farmers markets in Lancaster County and not enough customers to keep them
all in business.

But, for those big on quality products and customer service, the latter is an
idea that gets mixed reviews.

Friday farmers markets also include Green Dragon in Ephrata, Bird-in-Hand and
Central Market in downtown Lancaster. Root's, in Manheim, is open Tuesdays
year-round.

Spring through fall, more than a dozen other markets operate throughout the
county, including those in New Holland, Lititz, Millersville, Columbia, Mount
Joy, East Petersburg, Marietta and along East King Street in the city. And that
doesn't include the roadside stands.

But don't pin slow business in Leola on too much competition, said John
Stoltzfus, owner of the Stoltzfus Pretzels stand at Meadowbrook.

"Bird-in-Hand and Central Market are busy and doing well,'' he said. "Green
Dragon is at least 10 miles north of us, and Root's is at least 10 miles west of
us.''

Meadowbrook opened this year with 12 stands; that number has dwindled to seven,
all run by members of the Plain community, four by the same family.

"The stands are not filled up, and I think it is more our fault right now, not
the customers'," said David King, owner of King's Meats and Deli, who is working
on market promotion.

"From the support we have now with local customers, I have no doubt if we filled
the stands we'd have a busy market," King said.

One among those customers is LeAnn Martin, who shopped at the Stauffers of
Kissel Store near her Leola home until it closed in 2005.

She started buying produce and meat at Green Dragon, but now goes to Meadowbrook
because it is closer to home and open three days a week. For her, convenience is
key.

Local and out-of-state shoppers patronize Green Dragon, which opened in 1932 and
has been owned by Bill Rohrbach since 1961.

Once home to more local farmers during growing season, Green Dragon has lost
many to roadside stands that, with street operations, chip away at the farmers
market business, he said.

But the sentiment from inside the brick walls of the oldest establishment of its
kind in the country is different.

"The more markets the better," said Mike Ervin, market master at Central Market,
which dates to the 1730s.

Seasonal markets breed more success for his market because they introduce
customers to the concept of shopping at farmers stands. That might prompt them
to check out other markets like his, he said.

"There's a saying: 'A rising tide raises all ships.' "

Michelle Stauffer and husband Michael own Ric's Breads, selling items at their
North Queen Street store and at Central Market.

They had a stand at Meadowbrook but, frustrated with the lack of business, left
after the Fourth of July weekend.

"We were not even selling enough bread to pay for the employee that worked
there," she said. "In a 12-hour day we would sell $50-$80."

By contrast, Ric's can sell $1,000 worth of bread at Central Market in one day
and up to $2,500 the Saturday before a holiday, Mrs. Stauffer said.

Ric's even added a stand at Head House Market on Second and Lombard streets in
Philadelphia. In four hours, they sell $1,200 in product, she said.

Same bread, different venues.

She said high rent and lack of business eventually prompted them to leave
Meadowbrook.

Her small stand cost $700 a month and larger stands were $1,400. By comparison,
Ric's pays $1,000 quarterly in rent for a stand at Central Market.

"There are so many outdoor markets where you can buy a table for $5 or $10," she
said.

Leola businessman John Calabrese leases space to the standholders at
Meadowbrook; they, in turn, sublease the stands. He also turned over the
marketing and promotion of the market to the standholders.

Calabrese said he does not know what vendors pay for rent now, but he requires
an amount each month and the standholders can split the bill any way they want
to reach the figure.

He said the rent is reasonable, but would not provide figures. "When it is all
said and done and I collect the rent, when I pay my utilities, I break even," he
said. "I'm not in this to lose money."

He has put distance between himself and the business. Growing frustrated, he
hasn't been in the building in five months, he said.

Until June, La Terre Bakery, owned by Calabrese, had a stand next to Ric's
Breads at the market. These were the only two stands owned by non-Amish. Each
week it got busier, Calabrese said, but something changed and the momentum
slowed.

A source who did not want to be named said some vendors started selling lower
quality products, but kept prices high.

Some grew impatient when the stands weren't immediately profitable. And during
this time, the source said, vendors began talking badly about each other and
provided poor service.

Meadowbrook standholder David King, who also has a stand at Green Dragon, said
problems have been resolved and that only vendors committed to the market's
success remain.

He said such items as meat, and organic selections in particular, may cost more
than at the grocery store, but the product is local and may be of better
quality.

King acknowledged that it takes years to build a business.

And Stoltzfus, who bought his soft pretzel business four months ago, said he has
been discouraged, but "we have to keep a positive attitude or we won't survive."

Besides pretzels, he sells ice cream, milk shakes, smoothies and chips. He
recently moved jams, jellies, vegetables and other canned goods into a vacant
stand.

"If we can go to the spring and see some positives, we'll be OK, but if not,''
he said, "I think the market will close."

Stoltzfus views older generations as the market's niche, noting that these
customers prefer farmers markets over big-box stores.

"Younger people are one-stop shoppers," he said. "People with families are too
busy to stop at a market."

Central Market's Ervin disagrees. He sees many young families and couples,
especially Saturdays. Many are city dwellers, and shopping at market is part of
the downtown experience.

"I think they see no romance with supermarkets," Ervin said.

"People are not enthused with one-stop shopping. They want individualized
service."

At Green Dragon, there is little vendor turnover because rents are kept low,
Rohrbach said. Vendors, some with stands for 40-50 years, have established a
solid customer base.

Having a market with stands bearing family names for decades means a lot, Ervin
noted.

Price is a factor, too.

"We have more bang for the buck," Ervin said of Central Market. "Some stands
have higher prices, but they have a better product."

Doris Kiefer's Central Market stand spans generations. Her father-in-law ran
Kiefer's Meats prior to her husband, Tom, taking over the business. She believes
it is hard to get a market started, because people tend to shop at established
places.

In addition, she said, shoppers can get a lot of the same products and services
at grocery stores today, which was not the case years ago. Markets used to be
the only place to get sliced meat, but now grocery stores do the same.

Besides Central Market, Kiefer's Meats has stands at Root's, Green Dragon and it
opened a stand four years ago at Eastern Market, which their son runs, in York
County.

Mrs. Kiefer said it didn't take long to establish themselves in York.

"If you have good product and treat customers well,'' she said, "people will
come back."

estark@lnpnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff Photos Customers Talk To A Counter Attendant At The Amish Farmers
Market. Blaine T. Shahan
The Outside Of The Amish Farmers Market At Meadowbrook
Staff Nancy Torregrossa, Of Fairfax, Va., Looks Over Produce At The Amish
Farmers Market. Blaine T. Shahan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010  Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Eastern Daily Press

                           August 24, 2011 Wednesday

EDP Bidwells Norfolk Food festival

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 259 words


The EDP Bidwells Norfolk Food Festival 2011 begins a week on Friday and hopes to
show off the top class produce found in every corner of this county.



Organisers aim to make the month-long spectacular - which last year featured
more than 1,000 events, promotions and offers - a festival that will attract
tourists from all over the United Kingdom.

Five weekends of events will encourage visitors to come and check out Norfolk's
wide-ranging food and drink, from individual producers and farmers' markets to
Michelin-starred restaurants and great pub grub.

It kicks off with the North Norfolk Food and Drink Festival at Holkham Hall on
September 3 and 4, followed by a Norwich food festival weekend on September 10
and 11.

On September 17 and 18 a new event in Swaffham will celebrate the best of
Breckland's bounty during the Brecks Food and Drink Festival. Activities will
include a pop-up restaurant, cookery theatre and local food market.

And West Norfolk will also get involved when it hosts a food festival farmers'
market at the Tour of Britain end of race celebrations at Sandringham on
September 17.

For September 24 and 25, organisers will encourage visitors to get out in the
Norfolk countryside and check out the many farm shops and farmers' markets as
part of the Produced in Norfolk weekend - also taking in the annual scone
bake-off and popular producers market at Wroxham Barns.

And the festival finale, from September 30 to October 2, will once again be the
annual Aylsham Food Festival.

Send details of plans to organisers as soon as possible.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDP


                    Copyright 2011 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              Eastern Daily Press

                             August 22, 2011 Monday

Food festival

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 271 words


The EDP Bidwells Norfolk Food Festival 2011 begins a week on Friday and hopes to
show off the top class produce found in every corner of this county.



Organisers aim to make the month-long spectacular - which last year featured
more than 1,000 events, promotions and offers - a festival that will attract
tourists from all over the United Kingdom.

Five weekends of events will encourage visitors to come and check out Norfolk's
wide ranging food and drink, from individual producers and farmers' markets to
Michelin starred restaurants and great pub grub.

It kicks off with the North Norfolk Food and Drink Festival at Holkham Hall on
September 3 and 4, followed by a Norwich food festival weekend on September 10
and 11.

On September 17 and 18 a new event in Swaffham will celebrate the best of
Breckland's bounty during the Brecks Food and Drink Festival. Activities will
include a pop-up restaurant, cookery theatre and local food market.

And West Norfolk will also get involved when it hosts a food festival farmers'
market at the Tour of Britain end of race celebrations at Sandringham on
September 17.

For September 24 and 25, organisers will encourage visitors to get out in the
Norfolk countryside and check out the many farm shops and farmers markets as
part of the Produced in Norfolk weekend - also taking in the annual scone
bake-off and popular producers market at Wroxham Barns.

And the festival finale, on October 1 and 2, will once again be the annual
Aylsham Food Festival.

Send details of plans to organisers as soon as possible.

To find out more visit www.norfolkfoodfestival.co.uk or email
hayley@lexiamedia.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDP


                    Copyright 2011 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: City Receives Federal Grant in Support of Local Food Program

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The US Department of Agriculture has awarded the City of Greensboro a $470,000
Local Food Promotion Program Implementation grant to help fund specific portions
of a food plan it adopted in 2015. The award, which is for a three-year period,
supports the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises that connect farmers with consumers.





 The City will administer and coordinate the local food program on behalf of its
partners; Guilford County Cooperative Extension Office, Greensboro Farmers
Market, Out of the Garden Project, and University of North Carolina at
Greensboro. Partners will:



     Provide food safety training and certification classes for local farmers
and food-based entrepreneurs

     Provide training and marketing space for new businesses

     Increase domestic consumption of locally produced agriculture by connecting
local entrepreneurs to local producers at the Greensboro Farmers Market

     Increase access to locally produced food by modeling a program to support
food education and food businesses in a low-income neighborhood with limited
food access

     Assist in the expansion and development of other food business enterprises
by providing statistically valid surveys to analyze food hardship in Greensboro
and the effect these programs will have.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: City Receives Federal Grant in Support of Local Food Program

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The US Department of Agriculture has awarded the City of Greensboro a $470,000
Local Food Promotion Program Implementation grant to help fund specific portions
of a food plan it adopted in 2015. The award, which is for a three-year period,
supports the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises that connect farmers with consumers.





 The City will administer and coordinate the local food program on behalf of its
partners; Guilford County Cooperative Extension Office, Greensboro Farmers
Market, Out of the Garden Project, and University of North Carolina at
Greensboro. Partners will:



     Provide food safety training and certification classes for local farmers
and food-based entrepreneurs

     Provide training and marketing space for new businesses

     Increase domestic consumption of locally produced agriculture by connecting
local entrepreneurs to local producers at the Greensboro Farmers Market

     Increase access to locally produced food by modeling a program to support
food education and food businesses in a low-income neighborhood with limited
food access

     Assist in the expansion and development of other food business enterprises
by providing statistically valid surveys to analyze food hardship in Greensboro
and the effect these programs will have.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: City Receives Federal Grant in Support of Local Food Program

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The US Department of Agriculture has awarded the City of Greensboro a $470,000
Local Food Promotion Program Implementation grant to help fund specific portions
of a food plan it adopted in 2015. The award, which is for a three-year period,
supports the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises that connect farmers with consumers.





 The City will administer and coordinate the local food program on behalf of its
partners; Guilford County Cooperative Extension Office, Greensboro Farmers
Market, Out of the Garden Project, and University of North Carolina at
Greensboro. Partners will:



     Provide food safety training and certification classes for local farmers
and food-based entrepreneurs

     Provide training and marketing space for new businesses

     Increase domestic consumption of locally produced agriculture by connecting
local entrepreneurs to local producers at the Greensboro Farmers Market

     Increase access to locally produced food by modeling a program to support
food education and food businesses in a low-income neighborhood with limited
food access

     Assist in the expansion and development of other food business enterprises
by providing statistically valid surveys to analyze food hardship in Greensboro
and the effect these programs will have.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: City Receives Federal Grant in Support of Local Food Program

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The US Department of Agriculture has awarded the City of Greensboro a $470,000
Local Food Promotion Program Implementation grant to help fund specific portions
of a food plan it adopted in 2015. The award, which is for a three-year period,
supports the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises that connect farmers with consumers.





 The City will administer and coordinate the local food program on behalf of its
partners; Guilford County Cooperative Extension Office, Greensboro Farmers
Market, Out of the Garden Project, and University of North Carolina at
Greensboro. Partners will:



     Provide food safety training and certification classes for local farmers
and food-based entrepreneurs

     Provide training and marketing space for new businesses

     Increase domestic consumption of locally produced agriculture by connecting
local entrepreneurs to local producers at the Greensboro Farmers Market

     Increase access to locally produced food by modeling a program to support
food education and food businesses in a low-income neighborhood with limited
food access

     Assist in the expansion and development of other food business enterprises
by providing statistically valid surveys to analyze food hardship in Greensboro
and the effect these programs will have.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

North Carolina: City Receives Federal Grant in Support of Local Food Program

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The US Department of Agriculture has awarded the City of Greensboro a $470,000
Local Food Promotion Program Implementation grant to help fund specific portions
of a food plan it adopted in 2015. The award, which is for a three-year period,
supports the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises that connect farmers with consumers.





 The City will administer and coordinate the local food program on behalf of its
partners; Guilford County Cooperative Extension Office, Greensboro Farmers
Market, Out of the Garden Project, and University of North Carolina at
Greensboro. Partners will:



     Provide food safety training and certification classes for local farmers
and food-based entrepreneurs

     Provide training and marketing space for new businesses

     Increase domestic consumption of locally produced agriculture by connecting
local entrepreneurs to local producers at the Greensboro Farmers Market

     Increase access to locally produced food by modeling a program to support
food education and food businesses in a low-income neighborhood with limited
food access

     Assist in the expansion and development of other food business enterprises
by providing statistically valid surveys to analyze food hardship in Greensboro
and the effect these programs will have.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

North Carolina: City Receives Federal Grant in Support of Local Food Program

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The US Department of Agriculture has awarded the City of Greensboro a $470,000
Local Food Promotion Program Implementation grant to help fund specific portions
of a food plan it adopted in 2015. The award, which is for a three-year period,
supports the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises that connect farmers with consumers.





 The City will administer and coordinate the local food program on behalf of its
partners; Guilford County Cooperative Extension Office, Greensboro Farmers
Market, Out of the Garden Project, and University of North Carolina at
Greensboro. Partners will:



     Provide food safety training and certification classes for local farmers
and food-based entrepreneurs

     Provide training and marketing space for new businesses

     Increase domestic consumption of locally produced agriculture by connecting
local entrepreneurs to local producers at the Greensboro Farmers Market

     Increase access to locally produced food by modeling a program to support
food education and food businesses in a low-income neighborhood with limited
food access

     Assist in the expansion and development of other food business enterprises
by providing statistically valid surveys to analyze food hardship in Greensboro
and the effect these programs will have.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

North Carolina: City Receives Federal Grant in Support of Local Food Program

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The US Department of Agriculture has awarded the City of Greensboro a $470,000
Local Food Promotion Program Implementation grant to help fund specific portions
of a food plan it adopted in 2015. The award, which is for a three-year period,
supports the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises that connect farmers with consumers.





 The City will administer and coordinate the local food program on behalf of its
partners; Guilford County Cooperative Extension Office, Greensboro Farmers
Market, Out of the Garden Project, and University of North Carolina at
Greensboro. Partners will:



     Provide food safety training and certification classes for local farmers
and food-based entrepreneurs

     Provide training and marketing space for new businesses

     Increase domestic consumption of locally produced agriculture by connecting
local entrepreneurs to local producers at the Greensboro Farmers Market

     Increase access to locally produced food by modeling a program to support
food education and food businesses in a low-income neighborhood with limited
food access

     Assist in the expansion and development of other food business enterprises
by providing statistically valid surveys to analyze food hardship in Greensboro
and the effect these programs will have.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: City Receives Federal Grant in Support of Local Food Program

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The US Department of Agriculture has awarded the City of Greensboro a $470,000
Local Food Promotion Program Implementation grant to help fund specific portions
of a food plan it adopted in 2015. The award, which is for a three-year period,
supports the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises that connect farmers with consumers.





 The City will administer and coordinate the local food program on behalf of its
partners; Guilford County Cooperative Extension Office, Greensboro Farmers
Market, Out of the Garden Project, and University of North Carolina at
Greensboro. Partners will:



     Provide food safety training and certification classes for local farmers
and food-based entrepreneurs

     Provide training and marketing space for new businesses

     Increase domestic consumption of locally produced agriculture by connecting
local entrepreneurs to local producers at the Greensboro Farmers Market

     Increase access to locally produced food by modeling a program to support
food education and food businesses in a low-income neighborhood with limited
food access

     Assist in the expansion and development of other food business enterprises
by providing statistically valid surveys to analyze food hardship in Greensboro
and the effect these programs will have.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: City Receives Federal Grant in Support of Local Food Program

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The US Department of Agriculture has awarded the City of Greensboro a $470,000
Local Food Promotion Program Implementation grant to help fund specific portions
of a food plan it adopted in 2015. The award, which is for a three-year period,
supports the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises that connect farmers with consumers.





 The City will administer and coordinate the local food program on behalf of its
partners; Guilford County Cooperative Extension Office, Greensboro Farmers
Market, Out of the Garden Project, and University of North Carolina at
Greensboro. Partners will:



     Provide food safety training and certification classes for local farmers
and food-based entrepreneurs

     Provide training and marketing space for new businesses

     Increase domestic consumption of locally produced agriculture by connecting
local entrepreneurs to local producers at the Greensboro Farmers Market

     Increase access to locally produced food by modeling a program to support
food education and food businesses in a low-income neighborhood with limited
food access

     Assist in the expansion and development of other food business enterprises
by providing statistically valid surveys to analyze food hardship in Greensboro
and the effect these programs will have.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: City Receives Federal Grant in Support of Local Food Program

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The US Department of Agriculture has awarded the City of Greensboro a $470,000
Local Food Promotion Program Implementation grant to help fund specific portions
of a food plan it adopted in 2015. The award, which is for a three-year period,
supports the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises that connect farmers with consumers.





 The City will administer and coordinate the local food program on behalf of its
partners; Guilford County Cooperative Extension Office, Greensboro Farmers
Market, Out of the Garden Project, and University of North Carolina at
Greensboro. Partners will:



     Provide food safety training and certification classes for local farmers
and food-based entrepreneurs

     Provide training and marketing space for new businesses

     Increase domestic consumption of locally produced agriculture by connecting
local entrepreneurs to local producers at the Greensboro Farmers Market

     Increase access to locally produced food by modeling a program to support
food education and food businesses in a low-income neighborhood with limited
food access

     Assist in the expansion and development of other food business enterprises
by providing statistically valid surveys to analyze food hardship in Greensboro
and the effect these programs will have.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: City Receives Federal Grant in Support of Local Food Program

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The US Department of Agriculture has awarded the City of Greensboro a $470,000
Local Food Promotion Program Implementation grant to help fund specific portions
of a food plan it adopted in 2015. The award, which is for a three-year period,
supports the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises that connect farmers with consumers.





 The City will administer and coordinate the local food program on behalf of its
partners; Guilford County Cooperative Extension Office, Greensboro Farmers
Market, Out of the Garden Project, and University of North Carolina at
Greensboro. Partners will:



     Provide food safety training and certification classes for local farmers
and food-based entrepreneurs

     Provide training and marketing space for new businesses

     Increase domestic consumption of locally produced agriculture by connecting
local entrepreneurs to local producers at the Greensboro Farmers Market

     Increase access to locally produced food by modeling a program to support
food education and food businesses in a low-income neighborhood with limited
food access

     Assist in the expansion and development of other food business enterprises
by providing statistically valid surveys to analyze food hardship in Greensboro
and the effect these programs will have.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: City Receives Federal Grant in Support of Local Food Program

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The City of Greensboro, North Carolina has issued the following news
release:



 The US Department of Agriculture has awarded the City of Greensboro a $470,000
Local Food Promotion Program Implementation grant to help fund specific portions
of a food plan it adopted in 2015. The award, which is for a three-year period,
supports the development and expansion of local and regional food business
enterprises that connect farmers with consumers.





 The City will administer and coordinate the local food program on behalf of its
partners; Guilford County Cooperative Extension Office, Greensboro Farmers
Market, Out of the Garden Project, and University of North Carolina at
Greensboro. Partners will:



     Provide food safety training and certification classes for local farmers
and food-based entrepreneurs

     Provide training and marketing space for new businesses

     Increase domestic consumption of locally produced agriculture by connecting
local entrepreneurs to local producers at the Greensboro Farmers Market

     Increase access to locally produced food by modeling a program to support
food education and food businesses in a low-income neighborhood with limited
food access

     Assist in the expansion and development of other food business enterprises
by providing statistically valid surveys to analyze food hardship in Greensboro
and the effect these programs will have.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 5, 2010 Friday

Farmers, local leaders meet to encourage the art of buying local

BYLINE: Hope Hodge, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 758 words


Nov. 05--It was a meeting to promote local growers with a meal made of local
ingredients.

Community members -- from farmers to local legislators -- met in Jacksonville
Thursday, to discuss strategies for promoting fresh products grown on area farms
over a luncheon made almost entirely from locally grown items.

On the table: the 10% Campaign is a statewide initiative to encourage
individuals and organizations to commit to making sure that at least 10 percent
of their food comes from local growers. The movement has recruited 1,686
individuals and 150 businesses statewide, totaling more than 1.7 million in
local spending.

And invested locals have big plans to see that number grow.

At an informational meeting hosted by the Jacksonville Chamber of Commerce,
attendees heard from members of the Onslow County Cooperative Extension, the
Farmer's Market and local producers and suppliers about the obstacles facing
area growers.

Larry Kent, manager of the Onslow County Farmer's Market, said the project was
"a commitment to help our local farmers to produce fresh and nutritious food, a
commitment to our community."

Buying local also gives the county security against rising prices, shortages due
to bad growing seasons in California, hikes in transportation costs, helps
decrease the carbon footprint, and ensures fresher fruits and vegetables.

One difficulty for many local growers are Good Agricultural Practices (GAP)
certification requirements from many larger consumers. As each crop must undergo
a separate certification process on an annual basis, keeping up with GAP
certification is not financially feasible for many smaller growers.

Jan Holt, the child nutrition director for Camp Lejeune Schools, said she had
been one of the pioneers of bringing local food into schools, working with small
farms in Onslow County to get produce for school lunches.

With the introduction of GAP certification requirements, she said, "Our ability
to buy from growers in Onslow County ended."

But, Holt said, she still brings state-grown produce into cafeterias through the
Farm to School program, which uses local fruits and vegetables in the schools
year-round on a seasonal schedule.

Steve Putnam, of Putnam Family Farm in Kinston, said he grows 40 different crops
"from asparagus to zucchini, you name it," on 20 acres of his land. While
maintaining GAP certifications is not an option for him, he said he gets support
from a number of local restaurants who appreciate the freshness and quality of
his pesticide-free produce.

Some members of the community are already doing their part to keep local farmers
in business.

Jennifer Hall and Katherine Benoit started GRAPES, a cooperative buying club,
four years ago. Now, the group has nearly 60 families, all committed to fresh
local food.

"We try to buy as few things from the grocery store as we can, and support our
local farmers," said Benoit, who raises chickens, goats and hogs in Onslow
County. "You can't do it without local support."

The event culminated with a plea to attendees to assist with the local farming
industry's greatest needs, including educating a younger generation about the
importance of fresh produce, making farms more sustainable, and publicizing the
presence of state-grown fruits and vegetables in area supermarkets.

Peggie Garner, county extension director for the Onslow County Cooperative
Extension, said marketing locality as added value was needed to assist small
county farmers.

"If we develop all of our land and we don't have produce, eventually everything
that comes from agriculture is going to come from another state or another
country," she said.

County Commissioner Bill Keller, one of the local political figures in
attendance, said he and his wife had been living by the 10 percent pledge
informally for years.

"From an economic development standpoint, we have the pieces of the puzzle right
here," he said. "We have superb farmers. We grow a variety of different crops. I
think this 10 percent program is a brilliant idea. Really, I am all for it."

To learn more about the 10% Campaign, visit NC10percent.com.

To see more of The Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.jacksonvilledailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Daily News,
Jacksonville, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101105-JN-Farmers-local-leaders-meet-to-encourage-the-art-of-buying-local-1105
-20101105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2010 The Daily News


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

North Carolina: Triad Farmers Market hosts Peach Recipe Contest July

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, North Carolina
has issued the following news release:



 The Robert G. Shaw Piedmont Triad Farmers Market is looking for the best peach
recipe in the Triad. Chefs of all skill levels are encouraged to enter for a
chance to win prize money and bragging rights.





 "There are plenty of fresh, North Carolina peaches available at the Triad
Farmers Market right now," said Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler. "We look
forward to seeing how consumers use this traditional summer fruit in new and
creative ways."



 All recipes must include at least two cups of N.C. peaches, and peaches should
be one of the main ingredients. Recipes do not have to be original, but all
entries must be homemade. Each entry should be prepared in a disposable
container and include the recipe, name of contestant, address, email address and
telephone number. Recipes must include complete instructions. Entries containing
raw eggs will not be judged.



 Entries can be dropped off at the Piedmont Triad Farmers Market office in
Building B between 8 and 10 a.m. the day of the event. Michael Hastings of the
Winston-Salem Journal and Carl Wilson of the Greensboro News & Record will judge
the entries. Judging will be based on flavor, overall appearance, the quality of
the finished product and creative use of peaches. The winning recipe will earn
$200 in prize money. The runner-up will receive $125 and third place will earn
$75.



 Winners will be announced during the Peach Day celebration, to be held in
Farmers Building 2 from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Those not entering the contest can
still participate in the festivities by enjoying free samples of peach ice cream
and a visit from the N.C. peach queen.



 Peach Day is sponsored by the N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer
Services, Robert G. Shaw Piedmont Triad Farmers Market, the N.C. Peach Growers
Society and the N.C. Dairy Industry Promotion Committee.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

North Carolina: Triad Farmers Market hosts Peach Recipe Contest July

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, North Carolina
has issued the following news release:



 The Robert G. Shaw Piedmont Triad Farmers Market is looking for the best peach
recipe in the Triad. Chefs of all skill levels are encouraged to enter for a
chance to win prize money and bragging rights.





 "There are plenty of fresh, North Carolina peaches available at the Triad
Farmers Market right now," said Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler. "We look
forward to seeing how consumers use this traditional summer fruit in new and
creative ways."



 All recipes must include at least two cups of N.C. peaches, and peaches should
be one of the main ingredients. Recipes do not have to be original, but all
entries must be homemade. Each entry should be prepared in a disposable
container and include the recipe, name of contestant, address, email address and
telephone number. Recipes must include complete instructions. Entries containing
raw eggs will not be judged.



 Entries can be dropped off at the Piedmont Triad Farmers Market office in
Building B between 8 and 10 a.m. the day of the event. Michael Hastings of the
Winston-Salem Journal and Carl Wilson of the Greensboro News & Record will judge
the entries. Judging will be based on flavor, overall appearance, the quality of
the finished product and creative use of peaches. The winning recipe will earn
$200 in prize money. The runner-up will receive $125 and third place will earn
$75.



 Winners will be announced during the Peach Day celebration, to be held in
Farmers Building 2 from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Those not entering the contest can
still participate in the festivities by enjoying free samples of peach ice cream
and a visit from the N.C. peach queen.



 Peach Day is sponsored by the N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer
Services, Robert G. Shaw Piedmont Triad Farmers Market, the N.C. Peach Growers
Society and the N.C. Dairy Industry Promotion Committee.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

North Carolina: Triad Farmers Market hosts Peach Recipe Contest July 15

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, North Carolina
has issued the following news release:



 The Robert G. Shaw Piedmont Triad Farmers Market is looking for the best peach
recipe in the Triad. Chefs of all skill levels are encouraged to enter for a
chance to win prize money and bragging rights.





 "There are plenty of fresh, North Carolina peaches available at the Triad
Farmers Market right now," said Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler. "We look
forward to seeing how consumers use this traditional summer fruit in new and
creative ways."



 All recipes must include at least two cups of N.C. peaches, and peaches should
be one of the main ingredients. Recipes do not have to be original, but all
entries must be homemade. Each entry should be prepared in a disposable
container and include the recipe, name of contestant, address, email address and
telephone number. Recipes must include complete instructions. Entries containing
raw eggs will not be judged.



 Entries can be dropped off at the Piedmont Triad Farmers Market office in
Building B between 8 and 10 a.m. the day of the event. Michael Hastings of the
Winston-Salem Journal and Carl Wilson of the Greensboro News & Record will judge
the entries. Judging will be based on flavor, overall appearance, the quality of
the finished product and creative use of peaches. The winning recipe will earn
$200 in prize money. The runner-up will receive $125 and third place will earn
$75.



 Winners will be announced during the Peach Day celebration, to be held in
Farmers Building 2 from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Those not entering the contest can
still participate in the festivities by enjoying free samples of peach ice cream
and a visit from the N.C. peach queen.



 Peach Day is sponsored by the N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer
Services, Robert G. Shaw Piedmont Triad Farmers Market, the N.C. Peach Growers
Society and the N.C. Dairy Industry Promotion Committee.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 11, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: Triad Farmers Market hosts Peach Recipe

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, North Carolina
has issued the following news release:



 The Robert G. Shaw Piedmont Triad Farmers Market is looking for the best peach
recipe in the Triad. Chefs of all skill levels are encouraged to enter for a
chance to win prize money and bragging rights.





 "There are plenty of fresh, North Carolina peaches available at the Triad
Farmers Market right now," said Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler. "We look
forward to seeing how consumers use this traditional summer fruit in new and
creative ways."



 All recipes must include at least two cups of N.C. peaches, and peaches should
be one of the main ingredients. Recipes do not have to be original, but all
entries must be homemade. Each entry should be prepared in a disposable
container and include the recipe, name of contestant, address, email address and
telephone number. Recipes must include complete instructions. Entries containing
raw eggs will not be judged.



 Entries can be dropped off at the Piedmont Triad Farmers Market office in
Building B between 8 and 10 a.m. the day of the event. Michael Hastings of the
Winston-Salem Journal and Carl Wilson of the Greensboro News & Record will judge
the entries. Judging will be based on flavor, overall appearance, the quality of
the finished product and creative use of peaches. The winning recipe will earn
$200 in prize money. The runner-up will receive $125 and third place will earn
$75.



 Winners will be announced during the Peach Day celebration, to be held in
Farmers Building 2 from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Those not entering the contest can
still participate in the festivities by enjoying free samples of peach ice cream
and a visit from the N.C. peach queen.



 Peach Day is sponsored by the N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer
Services, Robert G. Shaw Piedmont Triad Farmers Market, the N.C. Peach Growers
Society and the N.C. Dairy Industry Promotion Committee.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

North Carolina: Triad Farmers Market hosts Peach Recipe

LENGTH: 345  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Natural Cultural Resources, North Carolina has
issued the following news release:



 The Robert G. Shaw Piedmont Triad Farmers Market is looking for the best peach
recipe in the Triad. Chefs of all skill levels are encouraged to enter for a
chance to win prize money and bragging rights.





 "There are plenty of fresh, North Carolina peaches available at the Triad
Farmers Market right now," said Agriculture Commissioner Steve Troxler. "We look
forward to seeing how consumers use this traditional summer fruit in new and
creative ways."



 All recipes must include at least two cups of N.C. peaches, and peaches should
be one of the main ingredients. Recipes do not have to be original, but all
entries must be homemade. Each entry should be prepared in a disposable
container and include the recipe, name of contestant, address, email address and
telephone number. Recipes must include complete instructions. Entries containing
raw eggs will not be judged.



 Entries can be dropped off at the Piedmont Triad Farmers Market office in
Building B between 8 and 10 a.m. the day of the event. Michael Hastings of the
Winston-Salem Journal and Carl Wilson of the Greensboro News & Record will judge
the entries. Judging will be based on flavor, overall appearance, the quality of
the finished product and creative use of peaches. The winning recipe will earn
$200 in prize money. The runner-up will receive $125 and third place will earn
$75.



 Winners will be announced during the Peach Day celebration, to be held in
Farmers Building 2 from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Those not entering the contest can
still participate in the festivities by enjoying free samples of peach ice cream
and a visit from the N.C. peach queen.



 Peach Day is sponsored by the N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer
Services, Robert G. Shaw Piedmont Triad Farmers Market, the N.C. Peach Growers
Society and the N.C. Dairy Industry Promotion Committee.









 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           December 26, 2009 Saturday

Glenn farmers market drawing enthusiasm

BYLINE: By HEATHER HACKING-Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 323 words


It's not spring yet, but folks in Glenn County are thinking ahead to summer when
locally grown fruits and vegetables will be soaking up sunshine.

Plans are currently on the table to create a farmers market, with $79,000 in
funds from a grant through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's "Know Your
Farmer, Know Your Food," initiative.

The Glenn County Resource Conservation District was one of 89 communities in the
country to receive the funding.

A start-up meeting is planned 10 a.m. to noon Jan. 14 at the Carnegie Center,
912 E. Third St. in Orland.

Kandi Manhart, Glenn RCD district manager, said the "phones have been ringing
off the hook with positive feedback" about the idea, even though there has not
been a formal announcement about the start-up meeting.

She said people have called encouraging the idea for a bouncy house for kids,
local arts, entertainment, etc.

Manhart said there appears to be a real willingness for local growers to
participate and for the community to get involved.

"We're looking at it as an opportunity for families to come out and see their
neighbors," much like the farmers markets in other communities have become, she
said.

The funds from USDA will be spent over two years for things such as management
of the market, promotion and development of a market association to perpetuate
the market.

The goal of the grants is to connect consumers with local producers, helping
people understand where their food comes from and to promote healthful eating.

While plans are still in the works, one idea is to have the market alternate
between different Glenn County towns.

There are also plans to get youths involved, such as having FFA members tend
farmers' booths, if requested by local farmers.

One hope is that the markets will draw visitors from outside Glenn County,
perhaps even passersby on I-5.

For more information, 934-4601, ext. 120.

Staff writer Heather Hacking can be reached at 896-7758 or hhacking@chicoer.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             June 8, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Cheers to Ontario Craft Beer Week

BYLINE: Ted Whipp, The Windsor Star

SECTION: FOOD; What's Cooking; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 970  words


Ontario craft beermakers celebrate their efforts, beers and brands with special
promotions and events June 19-25.

In this area, Jack's Gastropub, at 31 Division St. S. in Kingsville has two
events featuring Ontario craft breweries, June 23 and June 25.

If the experience so far with beer tastings and promotions is any guide, they
promise to be popular.

"We started a Jack's Beer Club," said Trevor Loop, an owner with the family
business. "We've met once a month. We keep it informal, informative."

A recent event featured a pub crawl through town, with visits to four different
places to sip and sample various beers.

"There's a huge demand," Loop said of the popularity of craft beers from
Ontario.

And there's a wide variety to choose from, including organic beers, wheat beers
and beers with flavours, such as Mill Street's Lemon Tea Beer.

"There's such a great range of options," Loop said.

Besides the two events coming up, Loop is looking ahead to beer club projects,
such as a road trip to Detroit to explore some of the more than two dozen craft
beers brewed in the metro area.

As for other news on tap at the popular restaurant-pub, he said it's serving
creamerystyle ice cream for both dine-in and take out.

Here's the information on the two Ontario Craft Beer Week events:

June 23: Summer Beers and Meat on a Stick, with summerthemed beers from Muskoka
Cottage Brewery, Railway City Brewery and Creemore Springs Brewery, paired with
tiger shrimp, pork tenderloin skewers, grilled chicken satays; limited space;
starts at 7 p.m.; $20 per person.

June 25: Jack's offers a flight of three Ontario craft beers with a
tasting-sized entree to complement each one; $30 per person.

Reservations are recommended; call 519-733-6900.

For more information on Ontario Craft Beer Week and events across the province,
view the website, ocbweek.ca.

BERRIES IN SEASON FOR COTTAM FAMILY

A wet spring delayed the strawberry season, but so far, so good for Cottam-area
grower Brad Raymont.

He and his wife, Terri, farm about eight acres of strawberries, raspberries and
black berries.

While they've already started the strawberry harvest, Brad expects many area
farms will begin with pick-your-own berries by Father's Day.

Wind damage last year has reduced the production expected from this harvest.

Raymont said they plant special varieties with techniques that allow the farm to
supply berries straight through to Labour Day.

The farm's pick-your-own berries are available during the conventional berry
harvest season, which he expects to continue through the end of this month.

He expects raspberries within two weeks. Raymont, a fourth-generation farmer,
said shoppers at farmers' markets may see vendors carrying the family farms'
berries. For information on availability, contact Raymont's Berries, 445E County
Rd. 14, Cottam; call 519-839-5422.

CULINARY CALENDAR: FOOD AND WINE EVENTS

June 9, Patio dining at Viewpointe: the popular Perch in a Basket lunch returns,
featuring perch, the winery's own roadside-stand salad and fresh fruit, $15.50,
along with the patio menu available. For more information, menus, dining
information and schedules, contact the winery, at 519-738-0690. Viewpointe is
located at 151 County Rd. 50 E., just east of Colchester.

June 11, Downtown Windsor Farmers' Market: The farmers' market returns to
downtown Windsor, open 8 a.m. to 1 p.m., through Oct. 8. Expect a variety of
foods from vendors, such as fish, beef, produce and baked goods. The market is
located at 44 University Ave. E., on the parking lot of the former bus terminal.
The website is downtownfarmersmarket.ca.

June 17, Wine-tasting dinner: Crave Grill hosts Muscedere Vineyards, for a
special five-course menu created by Shawn Newmaster. Event includes special wine
pairings and live music. Dinner begins at 7 p.m. and costs $45 per person.
Contact Crave Grill, 1269 Ottawa St.; call 519-254-9777. Crave Grill offers
dinners for $20 on Tuesdays, from 6 to 9 p.m.; with one entree, beverage and
dessert from special menu.

June 24, Colio's Girls' Night Out-TGIF Party: Colio celebrates its Girl's Night
Out wines with a party featuring wine by the glass and food on-site at the Carlo
Negri Pavilion. Event includes live entertainment by Jen Knight as well as
Girls' Night Out flavours. No reservations necessary for the party, from 6 p.m.
to 10 p.m. For information, call the winery: 519-738-2241. Located at 1 Colio
Dr., just off Queen Street, also called County Road 11, in Harrow.

June 24, A Night in Venice: A special wine-tasting dinner at Crave Grill offers
a five-course menu paired with five wines from Pelee Island Winery. Cost is $40
person, reservations recommended. Contact Crave Grill, 1269 Ottawa St.; call
519-254-9777.

July 3, Canada Day and Independence Day at Erie Shore Vineyard: The winery hosts
Chef Wright, with food, music and wine available by the glass. Free vineyard
walking tours at 1 p.m., 2 p.m. and 3 p.m. Cost is $5 for appetizer, $5 for wine
by the glass. For more information, contact Erie Shore, 410 County Rd. 50 W.,
Colchester-Harrow area; call 519-739-0953.

Aug. 7, 17th Annual Vintage Tasting: Staged by the wineries themselves and
hosted this year at Colchester Ridge Estate, the event has become a sought-after
summer ticket. And that's the advance heads-up notice. Tickets really are
limited. The tasting continues from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m., with a special VIP event
at noon. Guest speakers are wine writers Konrad Ejbich and Michael Pinkus, who
will highlight Lake Erie North Shore vintages. Food will be provided by Mettawas
Station, Thai Palace, Tecumseh Roadhouse and Ducks on the Roof. Live music
includes Just Jazz and University of Windsor Quartet. Tickets, $55 person,
available in advance only, from Colchester Estate, 108 County Rd. 50 E. near
Colchester; call 519-738-9800.

twhipp@windsorstar.com or 519-255-6863

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                               September 3, 2008

Wal-Mart sets farmers' market kickoff in Boise

BYLINE: Brad Carlson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 206  words


Wal-Mart plans to kick off Idaho Preferred Month and with a farmer's market 10
a.m. Sept. 4 at its Meridian super-center store on Fairview Avenue east of Eagle
Road. The event marks the start of Wal-Mart's initiative to promote Idaho
Preferred food products in its stores, the company said in a statement.

Other events for Idaho Preferred Month include Taste of Idaho Sept. 6 at Qwest
Arena in downtown Boise and "dine-arounds" at restaurants.

While customers can find Idaho-grown products at Wal-Mart stores year round,
this month marks the celebration of the height of harvest season for the
company's vendor partners, Wal-Mart said. Farmers' markets at Wal-Mart stores
will feature locally-grown and harvested fruits and vegetables, and
opportunities to meet local producers.

"Offering locally grown produce means Wal-Mart can not only provide higher
quality, lower-priced fruits and vegetables, but also support farmers in the
local economy and reduce the environmental impact of transporting food," the
company statement said.

Idaho State Department of Agriculture Director Celia Gould, Wal-Mart Regional
Merchandising Manager John Jacobsen and Wal-Mart Senior Manager of Public
Affairs are scheduled to attend the Sept. 4 kickoff event.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                              June 15, 2008 Sunday
                                   2 EDITION

BIZ BUZZ

SECTION: ITOWNS; Pg. H15

LENGTH: 629 words


BERLIN

Farmers' Market Open: The 2008 Berlin Farmers' Market is open Saturdays from 9
a.m. to 1 p.m. The market will run to September 27 at the town center in Berlin
near the Stop & Shop.

The market features fresh produce, organic foods, baked goods as well as plants,
pottery and jewelry.

The market is still accepting applications from interested vendors. For vendor
info or more details, call Market Master Jim Roby at 828-5548 or the Berlin
Chamber of Commerce at 829-1033.

Chamber Golf Tournament: The Berlin Chamber of Commerce is accepting
registration for its 26th Annual Berlin Chamber Open Golf Tournament on Monday,
June 23 at Shuttle Meadow Country Club, in Kensington.

Title Sponsor is Chamber member, Capital Concepts, LLC.

The tournament is open to the public and format of play will be a Scramble with
a Shotgun start.

The day includes registration at 11 a.m., lunch at 11:30 a.m., golf at 12:30
p.m. and dinner at the club at the conclusion of the tournament.

The registration fee includes greens fee, cart, golf, lunch and dinner at the
club along with a gift bag sponsored by the Chamber's golf chairperson, Roger
Perno of Roger's Marketplace.

NEW BRITAIN

Art Program Recognized: The Joy of Art program at the Hospital For Special Care
(HSC) received the 2008 Special Recognition for an Arts Organization Award from
the Greater New Britain Arts Alliance on May 22.

The Joy of Art program at HSC gives patients an opportunity to enhance their
recovery or treatment by engaging in creative activities at the hospital.

HSC is a long-term acute-care hospital. It's main campus is in New Britain. The
hospital specializes in helping patients challenged by medically complex
conditions and diseases.

"At Hospital for Special Care we pride ourselves on a family-centered, team
approach to patient care. The Joy of Art is just one more innovative program we
use to help patients re-connect and rebuild their lives after a life changing
diagnosis or trauma. We really see a big change in the patients who have taken
part in this program, in terms of their attitude and approach to life," said Dr.
John Votto, President and Chief Executive Officer of HSC.

Hospital Wins Marketing Award: The Hospital of Central Connecticut has won 14
awards for its marketing efforts from the New England Society of Healthcare
Communicators (NESHCo), a professional association representing healthcare
organizations and agencies from the entire New England region.

The hospital won five gold NESHCo Lamplighter Awards for its: Where Families Are
Born TV commercial; physician relations materials, including a physician
orientation manual, Web site and referral service; Working as One, video
highlighting the years activities for hospital corporators and donors; Less
Pain, More Gain print ads promoting the hospitals orthopedic services; and color
photograph of children from the hospital's day-care center used for a hand
hygiene poster campaign.

The hospital won two silver NESHCo Lamplighter Awards for its Less Pain, More
Gain campaign -- one for a TV commercial and another for billboards. The
hospital also won a silver award for its employee newsletter.

In addition, the hospital received three Lamplighter Awards of Excellence for
its: Where Families Are Born radio spots, print ads and color photography; and
three additional Excellence awards for its physician newsletter, feature writing
and Less Pain, More Gain total marketing campaign.

"We're proud of these awards, which recognize the work of our own corporate
communications department," said Helayne Lightstone, director of corporate
communications at the hospital. "We faced stiff competition from healthcare
organizations and advertising and marketing agencies from across New England."

-- Compiled from reader and web host submissions

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Tasmanian (Australia)

                             August 9, 2009 Sunday
                                  1 - Edition

Huonville farmer's market mooted

SECTION: KINGBOROUGH & HUON TIMES; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 334  words


HUONVILLE may get a regular farmer's market.

The Huonville Chamber of Commerce has floated the idea of a ``make it, bake it
or grow it'' format for fruit and vegetable growers, home cooks, bakers,
knitters, craftspeople and artists.

The chamber believes it would attract interest from many community-based
organisations such as schools, church groups and local charities.

The market concept has proved very popular in many similar towns interstate
where retail shop owners say ``market day'' is their busiest.

The chamber says, to complement existing retail shops, there would need to be
policies put in place to control the quality and type of goods being sold.

The chamber hopes that a successful market would have a flow-on effect as the
advertising and publicity would create much publicity and be an excellent
vehicle for the promotion of Huonville as the centre or the gateway to the Huon
Valley.

``Feedback we have already received from our members indicates an enthusiastic
acceptance of the Farmers' Market idea,'' said chamber president Rosemary
Bennett.

``However, for the market to be truly successful and flourish in Huonville it
will need not only the support of shopkeepers but their participation by
providing `market day specials' and discounts, to ensure that visitors to
Huonville will continue to return to spend their shopping dollars in Main St,
Huonville.

``Support from the local community is also essential to ensure that local
retailers and stallholders can all benefit from increased business.

``The final location and size of the market is still in the planning stage as we
investigate the complexities involved and seek advice from other successful
markets elsewhere,'' she said.

``We are now calling for stallholders and have placed advertisements in local
and Hobart newspapers seeking applications.

``As the proposal moves forward we will keep the local community informed.''

Inquiries can be directed to Rosemary Bennett on 0418 304 044 and applications
posted to PO Box 49, Huonville.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 8, 2013 Thursday

Illinois: Aurora Celebrates National Farmers Market Week

LENGTH: 462  words

DATELINE: Springfield


City of Aurora, The State of Illinois has issued the following news release:

The City of Aurora joins the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the rest of the
country to celebrate National Farmers Market Week this week! Aurora is home to
the oldest farmers market in Illinois!

Celebrating its 101st anniversary this year, the Aurora Farmers Market first
opened in 1912. Today, the Aurora Farmers Market has grown to three different
sites that include over 80 vendors and serve more than 30,000 people each year!

"Each week with our Healthy Growing Initiative, your shopping experience
includes a variety of fresh fruits and vegetables as well as the opportunity to
discover unique handcrafts, homemade breads and pastries, specialty meats,
artisan cheeses, and beautiful flowers," said Dee Basile, Special Events
Coordinator for the City of Aurora.

Aurora's Farmers Market provides three convenient locations and times:

DOWNTOWN MARKET
8:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.

Saturdays through October 19, 2013

Aurora Transportation Center - 233 N. Broadway Ave.

WEST MARKET

1:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m.

Wednesdays through September 11, 2013

West Plaza Shopping Center -1901 W. Galena Blvd.

EAST MARKET

1:00 p.m. - 6:00 p.m.

Thursdays through August 29, 2013

Our Lady of Mercy Church - 701 S. Eola Road.

"Pick up your farm fresh produce for the week and plan to spend some time
savoring the sweetness of locally-made baked goods, snacking on fresh popcorn,
or tasting delicious hot donuts," Basile said.

In addition, Aurora's Farmers Market provides such amenities as Community Tables
for local non-profits to promote their services to the community, Young
Entrepreneurs Tables for youth to sell their handmade products, Music at the
Market Booths for local entertainers to share their talents with the community,
and the Link-Up Illinois Program that accepts payments via Link Cards and
participants received an additional $10 bonus per market day for healthy food
shopping!

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that 8,144 farmers markets are now
listed in USDA's National Farmers Market Directory, up from about 5,000 in 2008.
Illinois ranks third in the country with 336 active farmers markets.

"Farmers markets are an important public face for agriculture and a critical
part of our nation's food system," said Secretary Tom Vilsack. "They provide
benefits not only to the farmers looking for important income opportunities, but
also help fill a growing consumer demand for fresh, healthy foods. In recent
years, USDA has stepped up efforts to support local and regional marketing
opportunities for producers, including a modernized Farmer's Market Directory to
help connect farmers, consumers, communities, and businesses around the
country."

For further information please visit: http://www.aurora-il.org

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Council may step in to secure future of market

BYLINE: Caroline Fisher

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 326 words


THE founder of Cirencester farmers' market has called on Cirencester Town
Council to pitch in to help secure the fortnightly event's future.

After 12 years, Simon Smith has asked civic leaders to take over the running of
the successful event so it can realise its full potential.

When Mr Smith began the market it was a ground-breaking venture. It has since
grown to an average 30 stalls a fortnight. But he says he can no longer devote
the time needed to oversee and develop it properly.

"If it's going to survive in the future it can't just depend on one or two
eccentric people to run it," he said. "I'm helped out by Lord Bathurst, Allen
Apsley, and we'll still be in the background, giving advice and seeing farmers,
if the town council takes it on.

"I hadn't expected to be running a market 12 years later. I wanted to establish
it in the town when there were few food shops. Now there are more.

"It wasn't the first town of choice, but it's really opened up with Watermoor
Properties' development." Mr Smith said the market would also benefit from a
fresh eye.

"It needs more 'oomph' and better promotion," he said.

"There's a nice mix of stalls and it's survived pretty well, considering the
recession.

"I look at the shops and see how quiet the town centre is.

"The town council has said 'yes' in principle and now we have to work out a
business plan."

Town council chairman, Andrew Lichnowski, said: "The feeling among the town
council was the farmers' market was an important feature of Cirencester and we
wanted it to continue.

"We need to go away and look at its structure, management and finances. "We also
need to look at it in relation to the two other markets we run - the charter
market and Christmas market - to decide how they integrate."

The farmers' market makes around £14,000 a year, with £11,000 expenditure.

Town council chief executive, Andrew Tubb, said: "This is an opportunity for the
town council to acquire an asset and build on that asset."

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cirencester farmers' market

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GLE


                      Copyright 2011 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                  May 13, 2000

Chance to take part in market

BYLINE: By Joe Watson

SECTION: Business:Farm/Food:News, Pg.21

LENGTH: 294 words


THE hunt is still on for farmers to take part in what is believed to be
Aberdeenshire's first Farmers' Market.

Taste of Grampian organisers are appealing to farmers across the North-east to
sign up to the event, taking place at the Thainstone Centre, Inverurie, on
Saturday, June 10.

The food festival, sponsored by the Bank of Scotland and the Marcliffe at
Pitfodels, is expected to attract more than 5,000 visitors.

The farmers' market will be an integral part of the event, which aims to give
the public an insight into the diversity and richness of Grampian's larder.

Organisers are looking for farmers to sell potatoes, carrots, herbs, vegetables,
soft fruit, fish, eggs, beef, lamb and pork at the event, where stalls can cost
from as little as GBP 10.

Stalls

A spokesman for Taste of Grampian said: "Farmers' markets have taken off across
the country, and this is the first real opportunity for farmers in Aberdeenshire
to join in the phenomenon.

"Farmers are an integral part of the food chain, and an event such as this
allows them not only valuable direct contact with customers, but also lets them
cut out the middleman and for them to take the full retail price."

The Taste of Grampian is to feature stalls from many of the region's leading
food firms.

There will be a range of products on sale, as well as cookery demonstrations by
Press and Journal columnists Marion Macfarlane and Lady Claire Macdonald.

Celebrity chef Antony Worrall Thompson is the main guest and will be giving
three demonstrations during the day.

Taste of Grampian is organised by the ANM Group, Aberdeenshire Council, the
Press and Journal and Scottish Enterprise Grampian.

Full details are available from event managers Prime Promotions on (01224)
646488.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                           August 19, 1999, Thursday

FARMERS GO BACK TO FUTURE FOR VITAL MARKETS LIFELINE

SECTION: FOREIGN NEWS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 356 words


More than 98 per cent of farmers believe that selling their produce directly to
the public at farmers' markets could save their business.

The number of markets has shot up from single figures to around 75 in the last
year.

If this trend continues the National Farmers Union believes there could soon be
a market in every major town as farmers go back to the future using this
traditional route.

The NFU survey showed massive enthusiasm from farmers, with 89 per cent who do
not already sell through farmers' markets saying they would take part if one
were to be set up in their area.

The main advantage of using farmers' markets, said 41 per cent, over other
marketing opportunities was the chance for face-to-face contact with the public.

At a time when farm incomes have plummeted by 75 per cent in two years, better
profit margins were cited by 21 per cent while 13 per cent said the removal of
"middlemen" from the food chain was an advantage.

The main reasons why farmers did not take part in markets included a lack of
opportunities in their area, the inherent risk factor of a new venture and a
lack of time and staff.

Eighty eight per cent believed it was important to work with Government to
enable more farmers to take up this opportunity.

An easing in planning restrictions, help with national promotion and the
establishment of direct marketing training courses were all suggested.

NFU deputy president Mr Tony Pexton said: "Shoppers at farmers' markets are
excited by the opportunity to buy fresh, locally grown seasonal food and to have
the chance to talk directly to the producer.

"Our survey has shown that most farmers, particularly given the incredibly low
prices and incomes being suffered at the moment, would jump at the chance to
take part in a marketing route which was virtually unheard of this time last
year.

"This is a pioneering strategy which opens up a new outlet particularly for
small-scale producers, those serving speciality markets and others wishing to
diversify.

"This is an ideal opportunity to press home the message that British really is
best."

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 1999 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 9, 2014 Saturday

Summer Sounds Concert set for Thursday

BYLINE: Erin Smith, Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 384 words


Aug. 09--ELIZABETHTOWN -- If you enjoy beach music and the sounds of Motown,
then head on out the Summer Sounds Concert on Thursday from 6 p.m. until 9 p.m.
at the Cape Fear Farmer's Market. The evening will feature the band High Tower.

Elizabethtown-White Lake Area Chamber of Commerce Executive Director Dawn
Maynard said, "We are closing out summer and saying good-bye to our White Lake
visitors."

Admission to the concert is free and Maynard encourages folks to bring their
lawn chair and enjoy the evening. She warned that folks will not be able to park
in the Farmer's Market parking lot, as that will be used for concert-goers and
the band. Instead, folks are encouraged to park in the lot adjacent to the
Farmer's Market, the bank parking lots, parking spots in the downtown area and
the parking lot behind Melvin's.

Maynard said the Chamber is trying something new with this concert.

"Chamber has purchased a special use permit from the town of Elizabethtown to
sell beer," said Maynard.

She said the proceeds from the sale of beer will be divided between the Bladen
County Hospital Foundation and the Chamber.

"If it is successful, we will probably do a series next year," said Maynard.

She said that Inman's Meat Market & Deli will be open and selling food on site.

"The Historical Society members will be dressed in period costumes and
advertising and promoting the Battle of Elizabethtown and selling boiled peanuts
and drinks," said Maynard.

Maynard said there is also an opportunity for vendors and businesses to set up
booths. Thus far, Campbell Oil will have a booth and will be holding promotional
giveaways during the event, said Maynard.

Maynard also said that, in addition to the Summer Sounds Concert, the Chamber is
also partnering with the Bladen County Historical Society this month for the
Battle of Elizabethtown re-enactment. The Chamber is assisting with the crafts
vendors, which will be housed at the Cape Fear Farmer's Market, and there will
also be a bluegrass concert at the Farmer's Market on Saturday, Aug. 16. The
battle re-enactment will take place in the Tory Hole Park beginning at 10 a.m.
Saturday and Sunday.

___ (c)2014 the Bladen Journal (Elizabethtown, N.C.) Visit the Bladen Journal
(Elizabethtown, N.C.) at www.bladenjournal.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140809-1BL-Summer-Sounds-Concert-set-for-Thursday-0809-20140809

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BL


               Copyright 2014 Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            February 25, 2007 Sunday

Focus on the farm bill;
All Americans have a stake in the debate

BYLINE: BRETT MELONE and GARY PETERSON, Guest commentary

SECTION: Z_COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 870 words


Since 1999, Miguel Martinez has helped guide his family's dream of building an
organic farming business. After entering the business incubator program of the
Agriculture and Land-Based Training Association (ALBA) and leaving behind their
lives as farmworkers, the family has begun to build assets. With matched savings
through an individual development account and a government-guaranteed loan, in
2005 they purchased a farm near San Juan Bautista.

"Now," Martinez says, "is the time to talk about the support that farmers need."

Over the past year, he has joined thousands nationwide in preparing for the
national farm bill debate -- renewed only once every five years. If you eat, you
have a stake in the 2007 farm bill. It authorizes food stamp programs, protects
farm income against market fluctuations and subsidizes crops such as corn,
wheat, cotton and rice. Its programs have catalyzed organic farming, supported
rural development and generated research for local agriculture.

Recently the Bush administration presented its agenda for the farm bill,
including many valuable and forward-thinking initiatives for beginning farmers.
Members of California's congressional delegation, led by Rep. Dennis Cardoza,
will soon share their own version. But for all the possibilities, we cannot lose
sight of history.

Unique voices in food and farming debates, such as University of California
journalism professor Michael Pollan, have demonstrated how the evolution of farm
policy actually affects America's waistline. Vast crop subsidies coupled with
food technology have created a generation of super-sized foods with little or no
increased cost thanks to inexpensive corn syrup.

Subsidies for "commodity crops" like corn have done more than sweeten our food;
they have contributed to the demise of America's family farms. In 2004, the
wealthiest 10 percent of farmers received $11 billion in subsidies, more than
double the amount received by all other farmers. This enables large farms to
outbid medium-scale and beginning farmers for access to land and credit.

The Bush proposal calls for limiting subsidies based on income, but also
increases caps for specific program payments. In the end, Congress will decide
-- and there are hints of reform.

The Bush plan also targets nearly $5 billion over 10 years for "specialty
crops," such as fruits and vegetables, to have a stronger role in school meals
and food assistance programs, and to benefit from more research. These
innovations are great news for Central Coast agriculture.

Yet without payment limitations to control spending, innovation could lose out.
The bipartisan Rural America Preservation Act would bring genuine payment
limits, and western states have a crucial role to play.

Veteran policy analyst Ferd Hoefner of the Sustainable Agriculture Coalition
indicates that delegations from Midwestern and Northeastern states are inclined
to support payment limits. The Southern states, fueled by cotton and rice,
largely oppose limits. Western states could tip the balance. Our congressional
leaders must consider reforms affecting California's cotton and rice industries
in the context of creating farm policy that serves everyone.

Local benefits from the farm bill can include better opportunities for beginning
and limited-resource farmers, trade promotion programs, renewable energy
incentives and voluntary conservation programs. It could support economic
development strategies that leverage the entrepreneurial spirit of our
agricultural work force. It could also include new ideas for food assistance
programs, which comprise 54 percent of the U.S. Department of Agriculture
budget.

Farmers markets could offer innovative food assistance. Research conducted by
ALBA indicates that people at all socioeconomic levels want access to locally
grown, organic foods; local markets help make this possible. By June, the number
of farmers markets in Monterey County will nearly double from two years ago.
Greenfield and Soledad will be among the newest venues. Markets have grown 82
percent nationwide in the past decade, totaling more than 4,385, yet the USDA
makes just $1 million in annual grants to support promotion and enable them to
accept food stamps.

This program, along with expanding the Senior Farmers Market Nutrition Program,
would offer nutritious options for low-income families and seniors. More people
buying food directly from local family farmers would also generate more economic
activity circulating in our communities.

Diverse efforts are under way to bring more public benefit from farm policy.
More than 350 organizations nationwide are part of the Farm & Food Policy
Project.

In July, Miguel Martinez flew to Washington to meet members of Congress and
share his family's hopes for the 2007 bill. More local growers will join us for
another trip in March. In a region blessed with truly great local foods, we
invite you to join in shaping our nation's farm and food policies.

Brett Melone is executive director and Gary Peterson is communications and
development director of the Agriculture and Land-Based Training Association
(ALBA), a Salinas-based non-profit organization working to create opportunities
for beginning and limited-resource farmers.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              March 3, 2017 Friday

Cape Fear Farmer's Market in Elizabethtown expected to blossom and grow

BYLINE: Chrysta Carroll, Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 518 words


March 03--ELIZABETHTOWN -- The Cape Fear Farmer's Market in downtown
Elizabethtown may finally start being what the town hoped for from the
beginning.

When the town opened the Farmer's Market n 2011, town officials had high hopes
for its success. Burney's Sweets & More decided to make the spot its home, and
Inman's Deli was housed at the location early on. The Elizabethtown-White Lake
Area Chamber of Commerce's Summer Sounds Concert Series has brought thousands to
the venue during its tenure thus far, and the spot even saw President Donald
Trump's daughter-in-law stop in for a campaign visit.

Two things have been missing, however -- farmers and their wares.

"We have farmers who want to sell their produce, and we have people who want to
buy locally-grown food. The need is there," said Town Manager Eddie Madden in
2016. "The problem is they're not at the Market at the same time."

To stimulate interest, the town formed a committee comprised of Madden, Planning
and Zoning coordinator Billie Hall, four Cooperative Extension agents, and
various individuals with civic, business, education, and horticulture interests.

At the town's recent Budget Planning Retreat, Hall informed the Town Council of
the committee's ideas for the Market, including:

* Classes at the Extension Office teaching people how to grow for the local
market.

* Revising the rules, which Hall said, after receiving feedback, the committee
has determined to be too restrictive.

* Evaluating fees. In order to encourage participation, the committee is
considering not charging fees for a set time -- until vendors establish some
success -- or possibly not charging fees at all.

* Planning additional activities like cooking demonstrations and promotion of
seasonal items.

* Honing in on one day. Thought the Market would be open six days a week, one
day -- maybe "Farm Fresh Friday" -- would be promoted as a day for both vendors
and visitors to know they can find one another.

* Encouraging participation on late Saturday afternoons before special events.

* Establishing a commercial incubator kitchen on site. The plan would be to have
a shared kitchen for food entrepreneurs or new restaurants in order to help them
get on their feet while creating jobs and spurring economic development.

Hall stressed that the suggestions are just ideas right now, but ideas about
which the committee is excited.

"We want to see it hustle and bustle and be the center of downtown, and I think
we can do that," commented Hall to council members.

"I'm really excited about what's going on at the Market," agreed Councilman
Ricky Leinwand.

Chrysta Carroll can be reached by calling 910-862-4163.

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

12:23 pm

Updated: 12:26 pm.  |

Elizabethtown Christian Academy takes second place in Battle of the Books

8:44 am       |

One year later: Family, friends, co-workers remember Jarvis Stephens

9:25 am       |

Hancock putting up birdies, eagles for Operation Smile

comments powered by Disqus

___ (c)2017 the Bladen Journal (Elizabethtown, N.C.) Visit the Bladen Journal
(Elizabethtown, N.C.) at www.bladenjournal.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170303-1BL-Cape-Fear-Farmer-s-Market-in-Elizabethtown-expected-to-blossom-and-
grow-0303-20170303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BL


               Copyright 2017 Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                            October 19, 2012 Friday

Fight over funds for Feilding

BYLINE: Lucy Townend

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 335 words


The catchphrase "locals looking after locals" reverberated around the Manawatu
District Council chamber, as Feilding Promotions staff decried the lack of
funding this year.

Delivering its annual review to the council yesterday, Feilding Promotion
chairman Michael Ford said funding issues had significantly affected the
organisation's ability to serve the community, which was reflected in events
like the Manfield Park fireworks display being cancelled.

Feilding Promotion has sought further funding from the council this year, but
its requests have, so far, been denied.

Mr Ford said Feilding Promotion staff and volunteers had hauled the town out of
a "slippery slide backwards towards oblivion" and needed more support from the
council.

"Without these good people, this place would be a train wreck. A sad shadow of
what it is today, and there would be . . . fewer people in the district to
receive rates from."

Mr Ford criticised the service agreement they shared.

In the agreement, the words "objectives" had been changed to "deliverables",
with a penalty clause that was "severe", Mr Ford said.

The council needed to "trust" Feilding Promotion, or they could not continue to
work together, he said.

"If you think that we will squander the money . . . [or] if you don't trust us,
then it is time that we part company."

Feilding Promotion's annual report highlighted more than 50 examples of
community initiatives it instigated in the past 12 months, including the Farmers
Market, which will host royalty next month.

Mayor Margaret Kouvelis said the council needed to consider ratepayers' best
interests.

"We appreciate the work Feilding Promotion does, but we need to think about the
best use of ratepayers' money."

Feilding Promotion has regularly applied for funding increases in the past two
years.

The most recent request was for a 60 per cent increase, taking total funding
from $262,219 to $435,980.

Operational funding is entirely ratepayer funded, and represents 30 per cent of
total economic development funding.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Orangeville Banner

                             May 2, 2012 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Orangeville heads back to Market on Broadway this weekend

BYLINE: TARGET ON BUSINESS with the Small Business Enterprise Centre

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 383  words


Orangeville's popular Market on Broadway farmers' market will open for its 21st
season on Saturday (May 5), and will offer a variety of healthy and locally
grown produce, meats, baked treats, flowers and other unique mixed market
products and goods.

In what has become an annual tradition, Orangeville Insurance will be hosting a
free pancake breakfast on opening day and this year, will also provide free cake
celebration of its 80 years of business in downtown Orangeville. Like many
farmers' markets, the Market on Broadway has been growing steadily as more
consumers recognize the many benefits of buying their food locally.

In addition to getting fresh, nutritious and tasty food from our home community,
buying local products helps to support our farmers, our local economy and is
good for the environment.

According to market manager Christine Patton, Orangeville's farmers' market
attracts between 3,000 and 5,000 local residents and tourists every Saturday.

"During the summer months, approximately 43 per cent of the market visitors are
from outside of the Orangeville area and these visitors patronize the downtown
businesses and local retailers," she said. The economic impact of the Market on
Broadway to the local region can be significant. In fact, Patton estimates the
impact of the 2011 market was approximately $1.2 million.

Access to a variety of friendly and knowledgeable vendors selling fresh foods
and unique crafts, live music, kids programs, culinary demonstrations, and
weekly themes featuring special promotions and delicious free samples are just a
few of the reasons Market on Broadway continues to be such a success.

From the free pancake breakfast on opening day to the strawberry smoothie day to
the fall corn roast and harvest celebration, consumers are sure to be enticed as
much by the foods and products available as by the entertainment and music.

From opening day until the season ends on Oct. 20, the market will operate rain
or shine, from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. every Saturday just outside of town hall.

For information on upcoming market events as well as its participating vendors,
visit www.orangevillefarmersmarket.ca.

Ruth Phillips is the co-ordinator of the Orangeville & Area Small Business
Enterprise Centre. She can be reached at or by calling 519-941-0440 ext. 2291.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 Redbooks LLC, All Rights Reserved
                   Standard Directory of Advertising Agencies

                                 March 27, 2017

                                Firehouse, Inc.

                           14860 Landmark Blvd No 247
                               Dallas,  TX 75254
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (972) 692-0911
URL: www.firehouseagency.com
E-MAIL: info@firehouseagency.com (General E-Mail), mhall@fhdallas.com
(President), mhall@fhdallas.com (PR Director), gregn@fhdallas.com (Creative
Director)

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
SDAA NUMBER: : 083799-000

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
FOUNDED: 1997
ORGANIZATION TYPE: Parent
EMPLOYEES: 29

* * * * * * * * * * CORPORATE STRUCTURE * * * * * * * * * *

DATA FROM COMPANY:  Yes
AGENCY SECTION:  Sales Promotion

     ·


* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

Name                Title                         Role
Mark Hall           Founder & Pres                Founder
                                                  President
Doug Miller         Partner-Fin & Ops             Administration/Operations
                                                  Finance Executive-Other
                                                  Partner
Steve Smith         Partner                       Partner
Greg Hunter         Principal & Grp Dir-Creative  218
                                                  Creative
Everett Wilder      Principal & Grp Dir-Creative  218
                                                  Creative
Tripp Westbrook     Exec Dir-Creative             Executive Director
                                                  Creative
Amanda Driggers     Acct Dir                      Account Dirs.
                                                  Account Management
Evan Henderson      Acct Dir                      Account Management
                                                  Account Dirs.
Blair Torres        Acct Dir                      Account Dirs.
                                                  Account Management
Megan Brueggemann   Dir-Project Mgmt              Director
Nichole Kirsch      Dir-Media                     Director
                                                  258
Trae Watlington     Dir-Strategic Plng            Director
Jennifer Hallabough Supvr-Media                   258
                                                  Supervisor
Ashley Shadowens    Supvr-Social Media & PR       Public Relations
                                                  Supervisor
                                                  281
Erica Baker         Sr Acct Exec                  Account Management
                                                  215
Emma Coker          Strategist-Media              258
                                                  326

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Advertising, Brand Development & Integration, Consumer Marketing, Corporate
Identity, Direct Response Marketing, Exhibit/Trade Shows, Graphic Design, Health
Care Services, Internet/Web Design, Logo & Package Design, Point of Purchase,
Point of Sale, Production, Publicity/Promotions, Sales Promotion, Sponsorship,
Strategic Planning/Researc

**********ACCOUNT INFORMATION**********

     ·    1 Million 4 Anna Foundation


     ·    Dallas Farmers Market Campaign: "Fries" SNAP Program


     ·    Interstate Batteries


     ·    La Madeleine Country French Cafe (Agency of Record) Creative
          Development Media Planning Strategic Planning


     ·    National Cheerleaders Association (Agency of Record) Brand & Creative
          Development Stage Strategic Planning


     ·    Nothing Bundt Cakes; Las Vegas, NV


     ·    Service King Collision Repair Centers Brand Strategy Creative
          Development Digital marketing Media Planning Outdoor Advertising PR
          Radio Searching Marketing Social Media TV


     ·    Taylor's Gift Foundation


     ·    Thomson Reuters


     ·    Twin Peaks Restaurant


LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

North Carolina: State Farmers Market hosts Peach Dessert Contest July 14

LENGTH: 301  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, North Carolina
has issued the following news release:



 The State Farmers Market will host a Peach Dessert Contest during its annual
Peach Day on July 14. Pastry chefs and bakers of all skill levels are encouraged
to enter for the chance to earn prize money and bragging rights.





 "We're in the heart of peach season in North Carolina," said Agriculture
Commissioner Steve Troxler. "I encourage everyone to pick up some fresh peaches
and enter this year's dessert contest."



 All desserts must include at least two cups of N.C. peaches, and peaches should
be one of the main ingredients. Recipes do not have to be original, but all
entries must be homemade. Each entry should include the recipe, name of
contestant, address and telephone number. Entries containing raw eggs will not
be judged.



 Entries can be dropped off at the State Farmers Market office between 8 and 10
a.m. the day of the event. Judging will be based on flavor, overall appearance,
quality of the dessert and creative use of peaches. The winning recipe will earn
$100. The runner-up will receive $75 and third place will earn $50.



 Winners will be announced at noon during Peach Day at the market's event area,
located between the Farmers Building and the N.C. Seafood Restaurant. Those not
entering the contest can still participate in the festivities by enjoying free
samples of peach ice cream and visiting with the N.C. peach queen from 11 a.m.
to 1 p.m.



 Peach Day is sponsored by the N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer
Services, the State Farmers Market, the N.C. Peach Growers Society and the N.C.
Dairy Industry Promotion Committee.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 11, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: State Farmers Market hosts Peach Dessert

LENGTH: 301  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, North Carolina
has issued the following news release:



 The State Farmers Market will host a Peach Dessert Contest during its annual
Peach Day on July 14. Pastry chefs and bakers of all skill levels are encouraged
to enter for the chance to earn prize money and bragging rights.





 "We're in the heart of peach season in North Carolina," said Agriculture
Commissioner Steve Troxler. "I encourage everyone to pick up some fresh peaches
and enter this year's dessert contest."



 All desserts must include at least two cups of N.C. peaches, and peaches should
be one of the main ingredients. Recipes do not have to be original, but all
entries must be homemade. Each entry should include the recipe, name of
contestant, address and telephone number. Entries containing raw eggs will not
be judged.



 Entries can be dropped off at the State Farmers Market office between 8 and 10
a.m. the day of the event. Judging will be based on flavor, overall appearance,
quality of the dessert and creative use of peaches. The winning recipe will earn
$100. The runner-up will receive $75 and third place will earn $50.



 Winners will be announced at noon during Peach Day at the market's event area,
located between the Farmers Building and the N.C. Seafood Restaurant. Those not
entering the contest can still participate in the festivities by enjoying free
samples of peach ice cream and visiting with the N.C. peach queen from 11 a.m.
to 1 p.m.



 Peach Day is sponsored by the N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer
Services, the State Farmers Market, the N.C. Peach Growers Society and the N.C.
Dairy Industry Promotion Committee.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

North Carolina: State Farmers Market hosts Peach Dessert Contest July 14

LENGTH: 300  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Department of Natural Cultural Resources, North Carolina has
issued the following news release:



 The State Farmers Market will host a Peach Dessert Contest during its annual
Peach Day on July 14. Pastry chefs and bakers of all skill levels are encouraged
to enter for the chance to earn prize money and bragging rights.





 "We're in the heart of peach season in North Carolina," said Agriculture
Commissioner Steve Troxler. "I encourage everyone to pick up some fresh peaches
and enter this year's dessert contest."



 All desserts must include at least two cups of N.C. peaches, and peaches should
be one of the main ingredients. Recipes do not have to be original, but all
entries must be homemade. Each entry should include the recipe, name of
contestant, address and telephone number. Entries containing raw eggs will not
be judged.



 Entries can be dropped off at the State Farmers Market office between 8 and 10
a.m. the day of the event. Judging will be based on flavor, overall appearance,
quality of the dessert and creative use of peaches. The winning recipe will earn
$100. The runner-up will receive $75 and third place will earn $50.



 Winners will be announced at noon during Peach Day at the market's event area,
located between the Farmers Building and the N.C. Seafood Restaurant. Those not
entering the contest can still participate in the festivities by enjoying free
samples of peach ice cream and visiting with the N.C. peach queen from 11 a.m.
to 1 p.m.



 Peach Day is sponsored by the N.C. Department of Agriculture and Consumer
Services, the State Farmers Market, the N.C. Peach Growers Society and the N.C.
Dairy Industry Promotion Committee.









 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           December 27, 2012 Thursday

Measures targeted at supply chain expenses

BYLINE: Li Jiabao

SECTION: POLICIES

LENGTH: 541 words


China's cabinet rolled out 10 measures on Wednesday to reduce costs in supply
chains as the country strives to expand domestic demand amid urbanization.

The measures seek to deal with challenges facing services and product suppliers,
but economists called for further steps to boost consumer confidence and
increase their income.

Utility costs in agricultural production and supply should be lowered, according
to a statement released after an executive meeting of the State Council,
presided over by Premier Wen Jiabao.

Power and water costs in pig farming and vegetable production will be equal to
agricultural production costs, while power, gas and heating costs in farmers'
markets will be the same as industrial costs.

Moreover, fees in farmers' markets will be cut and standardized. Suburban
farmers will be entitled to sell their home-grown fresh agricultural products in
specialized areas of farmers' markets without paying slotting fees, the release
said.

The government also required the value-added tax exemption to be expanded to
apply to some meat and egg products. The land-use and house  of wholesale
markets of agricultural products and farmers' markets will be exempted for three
years by 2013.

Fees in public services will be subject to stricter regulations, according to
the release.

The rate of fees, including installation fees, maintenance fees and inspection
fees, will be publicized, while the standard bank-card fee will be optimized and
adjusted as soon as possible.

These measures came in the wake of a notice issued in early August by the State
Council to reform the structure of supply chains and boost the development of
the industry to increase the ser's contribution to economic growth.

China's economic growth expanded to 7.4 percent in the third quarter, the
slowest pace since 2009, and the government aims to balance the driving force of
investment and exports with domestic demand.

Xu Wei, a researcher from the China Center for International Economic Exchanges,
said: "These measures mainly aim to regulate the supply and sale of agricultural
products.

They are of great significance because the increasing sales of agricultural
products not only promotes the development of agricultural industry, but also
enhances farmers' incomes and purchasing power."

Jin Linbo, vice-president of the National Academy of Economic Strategy at the
Chinese Academy of Social s, agreed, saying that the measures are timely in view
of weak .

"These measures intend to solve problems confronting services and product
suppliers. However, the key to expanding domestic demand lies in increasing
consumers' income and enhancing their consumption confidence.

"More measures should be introduced to resolve social security concerns as well
as medical and al challenges in the process of urbanization," Jin said.

He added that these measures may not benefit Chinese exporters tapping the
domestic market because of market  differences.

Instead, research and design will help exporters improve their products and meet
international demands.

China's exports in the first 11 months rose by 7.3 percent from a year earlier,
and the whole year's exports are expected to drive down the country's economic
growth.

lijiabao@chinadaily.com.cn

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Parramatta Advertiser (Australia)

                           October 19, 2011 Wednesday
                             1 - Main Book Edition

Great bargains on offer

BYLINE: Tom Westbrook

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 285  words


HINGES and horseradish were going cheap at markets across Parramatta last
weekend.

Local bargain hunters were spoilt for choice between the regular farmers'
markets in Church Street Mall and the ever-popular annual car boot sale at the
Wentworthville Scout hall.

Harry Hennessy, of Wentworthville, was one of hundreds at the boot sale on
Saturday morning.

He is a keen buyer of tools and hinges.

``I'll always get something from here, every year,'' he said, admiring an old
hinge.

``I wanted to re-hinge my side gate and I went to Bunnings, but the hinges they
had are worse than ones I'd had for 25 years this one looks all right.''

Beside him are the Blains Jean, Don and Janette who have been sellers at boot
sale for years.

``We're getting rid of stuff we don't want to put in our cupboards anymore,''
Janette said.

``Although these ashtrays look pretty good.

``I could use it to hold candles off the table!''

CHURCH STREET MALL FARMERS' MARKETS

In Church Street Mall, at the farmers' markets, Greg Elliott was selling fruit
and veg fresh from his farm near Young.

"I'm a firm believer in antioxidants being good for your health and that comes
from freshness," Mr Elliott said.

His co-op of six farmers supply the Thursday and Saturday Parramatta markets and
it's his personal touch that keeps the customers coming back.

Susannah Macready popped down from North Parramatta on her bicycle.

"I love buying from Greg," she said.

"You can ask where it's from. It's cheap. It's fresh. What more could you want?
Plus they give you free strawberries!"

"It's the best promotion I know - give them some stuff and they won't forget,"
said Mr Elliott.

* Parramatta farmer's markets run every Thursday and Saturday in Church Street
Mall.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PAG


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            March 17, 2011 Thursday

Theft Blow To Love Food Campaign

BYLINE: Karen Dent

SECTION: A; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 168 words


LOCAL produce project Love Food's efforts to encourage more people to sell at
farmers' markets have received a blow from thieves, who have stolen a £5,000
trailer and market stalls.

The trailer and eight stalls are used to help set up new markets and were stored
at the Allen Mill Regeneration on site where the monthly Allendale Sunday
Farmers' Market was started up in July last year.

Love Food director Hazel Coppack said: "It's very disappointing. Not only have
we lost a virtually new trailer, but the purpose-built stalls inside were used
by local producers.

"The theft puts the immediate future of the market at Allen Mill in jeopardy and
obviously has a knock on effect on other events.'

Love Food backs the production, promotion, use and appreciation of locally grown
or reared food throughout Teesdale, Weardale, the Allen Valleys and Derwentside.

The stolen trailer is marked with the serial number BVT845-1.3-3513. Anyone with
information should contact Haltwhistle police, theft reference 566/11Mar.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 1, 2010 Monday
                                  All Editions

Farmers market forum draws crowd;
Belfast convention a popular venue to share ideas, marketing strategies

BYLINE: SHARON KILEY MACK OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 573 words

DATELINE: BELFAST


Hundreds of farmers gathered at the University of Maine Hutchinson Center this
weekend for the second annual Farmers Market Convention, sharing ideas,
marketing strategies and solutions.

Judy Blaisdell of the Maine Department of Agriculture said, "This has been a
fabulous forum, and something the farmers markets have desperately needed. It's
a great opportunity for the vendors and market masters."

The convention, which was held Friday and Saturday, was sponsored by the Down
East Business Alliance, and attendance this year doubled over last year's.

"Farmers told us what they wanted: business training, marketing information,
pricing guidelines and connection with other farmers," Sarah Joy Chapels of DBA
said Saturday.

The popularity of Maine's farmers markets, which have doubled in the past five
years and now number more than 65, is built on the back of the buy-local
movement.

"Maine residents are 100 percent behind their local farmers," Blaisdell said.

What the conference reinforced, not to anyone's surprise, is that every market
has different challenges. It could be geography, the number of customers or
number of vendors.

Keith Small of the DBA said that at Stonington, for example, more than 400
customers line up at vendors' booths during a two-hour span each week. "They are
struggling with how to efficiently use the small space they have," he said.

At Machias, however, there is a wealth of space for the market on the town's
dike, but a lack of vendors. "With enough farmers' participation, Machias has
great potential," Small said.

Betsy Fitzgerald, Machias town manager, attended the conference to try to grow
the local market.

"I'm here to learn how to realize that potential," she said.

Former Agriculture Commissioner Robert Spear, himself a diverse farmer in
southern Maine, said the conference provided a great opportunity for market
masters and vendors to network.

"One of the problems Maine has is that there is no formal organization to link
the state's farmers markets," Spear said. "I give the DBA a lot of credit for
pulling all this together. Farmers markets need to get organized under a
statewide farmers market association. We need more structure, more
organization."

Spear said the workshops presented at the convention provided tips and
suggestions for working with customers, easing the farm-to-market transition for
farmers, online promotion and ordering systems, state regulations for selling
food, pricing products, new market regulations and developing
community-supported farmers markets.

But Chapels said farmers were telling her that the most important part of the
conference was the individual, face-to-face networking between farmers.

"This type of feedback and networking is a key piece," Chapels said. "Most of
the year, farmers are so busy they just don't have time to connect with each
other, whether it is across the state or across town."

During the convention, Blaisdell was concentrating on working with farmers to
have their farm locations and descriptions listed on Maine's updated GetReal,
GetMaine Web site.

"The old system was hard to read and follow," she said. The new site allows
visitors to find local farms, including contact information and descriptions of
products, as well as maps to the farms, dates and times of statewide farmers
markets, and a continuously updated schedule of agriculture events.

The site can be found at www.getrealmaine.com.

sunrisecounty@bangordailynews.net

255-0618

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Bangor Daily News


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

Biz Beat: Primrose Retirement Community celebrates 10-year anniversary

BYLINE: John Bush, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 725 words


Sept. 10--LIMA -- Primrose Retirement Community of Lima celebrated its 10-year
anniversary on Friday.

One of six Primrose communities to be constructed in Ohio, Primrose of Lima
opened its doors in 2006 in response to the region's increasing need for senior
living services, according to a press release. Primrose provides both
independent living and assisted living options.

"I believe what really sets Primrose a part is our family-like atmosphere," said
Jason Risner, Primrose executive director. "The residents here are the
friendliest people you'll ever meet, and they do a great job of always making
new visitors feel welcome. The size of our community is just right, not too big
or too small. Everyone knows you by your first name, and there is just a
welcoming feeling you get when you are here."

Primrose Retirement Community, located at 3500 W. Elm St., Lima, consists of 36
independent living apartments, 32 assisted living apartments and 10 villas.

Rapid Fired Pizza offering BOGO special

LIMA -- Rapid Fired Pizza will celebrate its one-year anniversary with a
buy-one-get-one-free special from 5 to 9 p.m. Wednesday. This special will be
offered at all six Rapid Fired locations, including Lima.

The restaurant, which opened Aug. 15 at 2815 Elida Road, offers a build-your-own
pizza that is cooked in 180 seconds. RFP features eight sauces, eight cheeses,
more than 30 toppings and 14 dipping sauces. Customers may also try one of 10
craft pizzas on the menu, as well as salads, breadsticks and desserts.

Lima Farmers' Market extends through September

LIMA -- The Lima Farmers' Market, scheduled to conclude on Aug. 30, has been
extended through the end of September due to the availability of more crops.

The Farmers' Market, sponsored by the Lima Area Chamber Foundation and St.
Rita's Health Partners, is held from 3 to 6 p.m. each Tuesday on the corner of
Market and Pierce streets.

Tractor Supply Co. to celebrate pets

LIMA -- Tractor Supply Co. of Lima is celebrating Pet Appreciation Week with
five days of pet adoptions, prizes and more.

The main event will be held Saturday and will include pet adoptions with
community groups, samples, giveaways, drawings and gift cards, along with other
activities meant for families. In addition, deals on pet products will be
featured from Wednesday to Sept. 18.

Pet Appreciation Week is open to the public and all "leashed, friendly pets," a
press release from the company stated. The event will take place at Tractor
Supply's east side location, 2785 Harding Highway.

Dominion launches new mobile-friendly website

RICHMOND, Va. -- Dominion Resources, corporate parent of Dominion East Ohio, has
launched a redesigned website at dom.com.

According to a press release from the company, the redesigned website will make
it "easier than ever for customers, job seekers, media, investors and others to
find what they want."

The site is designed to respond and adjust, based on the type of smartphone,
tablet or PC the visitor is using, to provide the "best viewing experience,"
according to a press release.

For a video overview of the website's features and enhancements, customers can
visit https://youtu.be/L4xbD0oDJQs.

Consultant, author to speak at Connections event

LIMA -- Robin Elston, president of Elston Consulting LLC, and Bruce Boguski,
president of Winner's Edge, will be the keynote speakers at September's
Connections event.

Elston consults with business owners to improve their bottom line, and is also a
well-known workshop leader and motivational speaker on leadership, teamwork and
communication.

Boguski is an author, motivational speaker, trainer, columnist and media
personality known for his ability to inspire others to "do the impossible,"
according to a press release.

The speakers will highlight this month's Connections event, "Motivating
Employees to Give Their Best." It will be held from 11:15 a.m. to 1 p.m. Sept.
29 at Shawnee Country Club, 1700 Shawnee Road, Lima. The program costs $25 for
members of the Lima/Allen County Chamber of Commerce and is $40 for non-members.

To register, visit business.limachamber.com/events. For more details, email
nscott@limachamber.com or call 419-222-6045.

Reach John Bush at 567-242-0456 or on Twitter @bush_lima

___ (c)2016 The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) Visit The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) at
www.limaohio.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160910-LM-Biz-Beat-Primrose-Retirement-Community-celebrates-10-year-anniversar
y-0910-20160910

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2016 The Lima News


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                  May 13, 2000

Chance to take part in market

BYLINE: By Joe Watson

SECTION: Business:Farm/Food:News, Pg.21

LENGTH: 294 words


THE hunt is still on for farmers to take part in what is believed to be
Aberdeenshire's first Farmers' Market.

Taste of Grampian organisers are appealing to farmers across the North-east to
sign up to the event, taking place at the Thainstone Centre, Inverurie, on
Saturday, June 10.

The food festival, sponsored by the Bank of Scotland and the Marcliffe at
Pitfodels, is expected to attract more than 5,000 visitors.

The farmers' market will be an integral part of the event, which aims to give
the public an insight into the diversity and richness of Grampian's larder.

Organisers are looking for farmers to sell potatoes, carrots, herbs, vegetables,
soft fruit, fish, eggs, beef, lamb and pork at the event, where stalls can cost
from as little as GBP 10.

Stalls

A spokesman for Taste of Grampian said: "Farmers' markets have taken off across
the country, and this is the first real opportunity for farmers in Aberdeenshire
to join in the phenomenon.

"Farmers are an integral part of the food chain, and an event such as this
allows them not only valuable direct contact with customers, but also lets them
cut out the middleman and for them to take the full retail price."

The Taste of Grampian is to feature stalls from many of the region's leading
food firms.

There will be a range of products on sale, as well as cookery demonstrations by
Press and Journal columnists Marion Macfarlane and Lady Claire Macdonald.

Celebrity chef Antony Worrall Thompson is the main guest and will be giving
three demonstrations during the day.

Taste of Grampian is organised by the ANM Group, Aberdeenshire Council, the
Press and Journal and Scottish Enterprise Grampian.

Full details are available from event managers Prime Promotions on (01224)
646488.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 19, 2013 Friday

Lodi business improvement district folds

BYLINE: The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 323 words


April 19--LODI -- The Downtown Lodi Business Partnership has officially folded.

The City Council voted 3-0 on Wednesday night to rescind the city ordinance that
created a business improvement district in downtown Lodi and empowered the
partnership to levy annual taxes on shop owners. Money was used to fund downtown
events and other promotions.

Mayor Alan Nakanishi and council member JoAnne Mounce were absent from the
meeting.

City Attorney Steve Schwabauer said the partnership, which was established in
1997, had incurred some debt over the past year. The partnership board voted to
fold in February.

The Downtown Lodi Business Partnership reported a 2012 budget of $176,725.
Revenue was generated through $40,000 in business assessment dues that range
from $60 to $600 per company, a $24,000 city subsidy, and through events. The
farmers market generated $101,000 in revenue in 2012, and the Parade of Lights
$11,000.

The nonprofit group reported spending all of the $176,725 in 2012, the largest
expenses being Executive Director Jamie Watts' $47,500 salary and the $61,000
cost to run the farmers market.

The Chamber of Commerce has agreed to continue operations of the weekly farmers
market and the annual Parade of Lights.

Schwabauer said the city would distribute the partnership's assets, including
items such as downtown Lodi banners, to the chamber or the Visit Lodi!
Conference and Visitors Bureau.

Deputy City Attorney Jordan Ayers said the partnership had $720 in 2013
assessments. The city will hold on to that money for a year. If there are no
outstanding liabilities to be paid, that money will be distributed back to
business owners.

Business owner June Aaker told the council she paid her 2013 assessment and
feels burned that her payment was accepted right before the partnership folded.

___ (c)2013 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130419-SK-Lodi-business-improvement-district-folds-0419-20130419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2013 The Record


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 20, 2014 Thursday

West virginia: AGRICULTURE DEPARTMENT ANNOUNCES 2014 AGRITOURISM MARKETING
WINNERS

LENGTH: 395  words

DATELINE: Charleston


The Department of Agriculture, The State of West Virginia has issued the
following news release:

The West Virginia Department of Agriculture recognized the best in agritourism
marketing efforts over the past year during the 2014 Small Farm Conference at
Waterfront Place Hotel in Morgantown February 28.
"Marketing is a key component of a successful agritourism operation," said
Commissioner of Agriculture Walt Helmick. "Each year, these awards recognize the
best in marketing and promotions, and encourage others to improve their
communications programs."

This year's winners are:

Best Brochure for an attraction or event
1 - Harpers Ferry Zip Line Canopy Tour - Jefferson County
2 - Byrnside Branch Farm & Corn Maze - Monroe County
3 - WV Miniature Horse Championship - Preston County

Best Photo depicting WV Agri-tourism
1 - Stone Road Vineyard  -  Wirt County
2 - Heavenly Sunlight Alpaca Farm - Wirt County
3 - Butcher Family Farm - Wood County

Best rack card for an attraction or event
1 - Lambert's Winery
2 - Smooth Ambler Spirits
3 - Richter's Maple House

Best website for an attraction or event
1 - Mountain State Art & Craft Fair - Jackson County
2 - Byrnside Branch Farm &  Corn Maze - Monroe County
3 - Wetzel County Farmers Market - Wetzel County

Best brochure or rack card for a fair or festival
1 - Mountain State Art & Craft Fair - Jackson County
2 - Preston County Buckwheat Festival - Preston County
3 - WV Miniature Horse Championship - Harrison County

Best brochure or rack card for a farmers market, roadside stand or CSA
1 - Parkersburg Farmers Market - Wood County
2 - Wetzel County Farmers Market - Wetzel County
3 - Bridgeport Farmers Market - Harrison County

Best website for a farmers market, roadside stand, bed and breakfast or CSA
1 - Orr's Farm Market - Jefferson County
2 - Fish Hawk Acres - Upshur County
3 - Wetzel County Farmers Market - Wetzel County

Best brochure or rack card for a WV Bed and Breakfast
1 - The Inn at Lost River Bed & Breakfast - Hardy County
2 - The WV Bed & Breakfast Association - Preston County
3 - Brass Pineapple Bed & Breakfast - Kanawha County

Best social media campaign, any agritourism entity sor event
1 - Bridgeport Farmers Market - Harrison County
2 - Orr's Farm Market - Jefferson County
3 - Harpers Ferry Zip Line Canopy Tour - Jefferson County

For more information please visit: http://www.wvagriculture.org

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           October 29, 2003 Wednesday

Last farmers' market is today;
Local growers will return to downtown on May 26

BYLINE: ABBEY BROWN STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY/STATE; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 511 words


Today is the last chance this season for area residents to stroll the Old
Capitol area for fresh vegetables, fruits, flowers and meats from local growers.

The Old Capitol Farmers Market will run from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. today, then close
until next year's season starts on May 26. "It went very well this year," said
Megan Derrig-Green, promotion and event coordinator with Downtown Springfield
Inc. "Obviously it was a lot bigger than last year's. The credit for the success
needs to go to my predecessor."

Barb Elbrecht left the position last month.

Derrig-Green said this year's market had three times as many booths and twice
the space as last year. A total of 36 full-season and 29 weekly vendor licenses
were issued, and the market expanded this year from one block of Adams Street
west of the Old State Capitol to two blocks.

Stewardson vendor Stan Schutte said his company, Triple S Farms, participates in
many markets throughout the state, but Springfield's is "by far the best."

"I think they do a super job," he said. "It is well-managed. The location is
good. And they are stressing to make it a grower's market - making it a higher
quality market."

He said the expansion and different layout of the market this year helped make
it more user-friendly.

Derrig-Green said this year vendors parallel-parked along the road and set up
their tables in front of their trucks so there was easy access to their excess
products and the customers.

"I think the format this year worked out really well," she said. "Next year we
are going to work on maintaining our vendors and improving upon what we have."

A farmers' market wrap-up meeting was held two weeks ago with organizers,
vendors and market patrons, Derrig-Green said. Surveys were then sent out to
vendors to find out how they felt about the market and what changes they would
like to see for next year's.

Two changes she said she hopes will happen next year are more programming and
specialty crops.

This year's market included musicians on the first Saturday of every month and
celebrity chef demonstrations.

"That went over great," Derrig-Green said. "It made the farmer's market more of
a destination - a meeting and gathering place, rather than just another shopping
trip."

The two government subsidy programs - Senior Farmers Market Nutrition Program
for the elderly and the WIC nutrition program for women, infants and children -
will continue because of their popularity. Both provided coupons for fresh
produce to people who qualified.

"Part of our goal is healthy lifestyles," Derrig-Green said. "So the programming
has been successful for everyone."

She estimated about 2,000 people shopped each day the market was open during the
peak season of June through August.

Along with fruits and vegetables, products featured at the market this year have
included organic meat, free range chicken eggs, honey, crafts, flowers, garlic
and baked goods.

"It is like a big family down there," Schutte said. "We enjoy it. It is great
the city is supporting something like this."

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2003 The State Journal-Register


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Daily Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                           October 18, 2008 Saturday

Sausage Week Nov 3-9

SECTION: FOOD AND DRINK NEWS (SS FOODNEWS)

LENGTH: 358 words


Hampshire is renowned for it's excellent quality of sausages, so make the most
of our local bangers with tastings and offers across the county during British
Sausage Week!

Greenfield Pork Products from Andover scooped up the awards at the Great
Hampshire Sausage Competition earlier this year, winning four champion trophies
plus the Supreme Champion trophy for their free-range pork and bramley apple
sausage made from Greenfield pork, apple juice from Hill Farm in Swanmore and
apples from Blackmoor Estate in east Hampshire. These, and their range of
sausages, are available at Hampshire farmers' markets including Winchester on
November 9th. Tel 01264 359422.

Celebrating British Sausage Week, Wallops Wood Dairy at Droxford will be
offering samples of seven different sausages, all made with Hampshire
ingredients. These include: Pork and Lyburn cheese, Pork and Isle of Wight Blue,
Pork and Hampshire watercress, Pork and Hill Farm Apple juice, Pork and Bowman
ale (Wallops Wood) and Pork and Hampshire Venison. Try them at their farm shop
daily. wallopswooddairy.co.uk.

Visit the Newhouse Venison stall at Hampshire farmers' markets and Sunnyfields
farmers' markets as well as farm shops at Setley Ridge, Cadnam Nursery, Longdown
Activity Farm and Sunnyfields in the New Forest to try their New Forest
Traditional Venison Sausage, New Forest Venison Sausage with Port & Redcurrant
and Wild Boar Sausage with Cider & Apple, on offer at any three packs for £10
during Sausage Week. newhousevenison.co.uk.

Grange Farm Shop at Empshott are offering shoppers 'buy one get one free' on
their packs of frozen sausages during Sausage Week with sausage tastings on
Saturday, November 9. They only sell sausages hand-made in the shop by their
butcher using Grange Farm Lamb for Lamb and Mint sausages and English pork for
the pork sausages. Other flavours range from the traditional old English pork
sausages and chipolatas to the more adventurous Hot Chilli Sausages.
grange-farm-empshott.co.uk.

For details on where to buy locally reared meat all year round, visit
hampshirefare.co.uk and request their free directory 'Food, Drink & Craft in
Hampshire'.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             May 22, 2002 Wednesday

Old Capitol Farmers Market launches second season

SECTION: FOOD; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 553 words


The Old Capitol Farmers Market opens for its second season today at 8 a.m.

Like last year, vendors will sell homegrown seasonal produce, plus other food
and craft items, from trucks and tables lining the south side of Adams Street
between Fourth and Fifth streets. The outdoor market will be held from 8 a.m. to
1 p.m. on Wednesdays and Saturdays through Oct. 30.

Adults-only gelatin

Anti-drug and alcohol groups are warning parents about a product called Zippers,
prepackaged cups of fruit-flavored gelatin infused with 24-proof alcohol. The
commercially produced version of "gelatin shots" resemble the small plastic cups
of gelatin that kids bring to school in lunch boxes and eat as after-school
snacks.

Each Zippers cup contains 12 percent alcohol, about the same potency as a glass
of wine.

Although the refrigerated product has been popular for some time with college
students and people who prefer sweet drinks, there is concern that the brightly
colored, jiggly shots are appealing to an underage audience.

The four flavors, sold in bars, liquor stores and grocery stores, have names
like Rum Rush and Tijuana Tease; flavors to be introduced soon include Melon
Head and Purple Hooter.

Drumsticks in a laptop

Kentucky Fried Chicken is getting rid of the plastic toys that come with its
Kids Meals.

According to www.AdAge.com, the chicken chain will roll out Kids Lap Top Packs
in June. Instead of a toy, the focus will be on interactive packaging to get
children more interested in playing with - and eating - their food.

The pint-size meal will be served in a flat box styled like a laptop computer.
The box will have compartments to keep food items separated; it will be
emblazoned with games and puzzles themed to the promotion du jour.

Part of the reason for the switch is a general industry trend toward interactive
foods for kids.

Another consideration is the toy recalls that have snagged the rollout of
fast-food kids' meal toys. In August 2000, KFC pulled 425,000 Tangled Treeples
toys after discovering part of the toy could suffocate children under 3 years
old. That same year, Burger King recalled 25 million Pokemon balls. In 1997,
Wendy's recalled 800,000 Felix the Cat balls; McDonald's has recalled two toys
and offered exchanges for two others since 1982.

Meatless fast food

Fast-food restaurants aren't friendly to vegetarians.

Time and time again, seemingly animal-free foods - the few that there are - on
the menu board have turned out to contain unexpected ingredients. To help
meatless eaters navigate the tricky fare of quick-serve chains, the Vegetarian
Resource Group, a clearinghouse for information about vegetarian and vegan
diets, has put together a booklet called "Guide to Fast Food."

The booklet is the result of a survey of 80 chain restaurants. It states, for
example, that the dough and sauce at Little Caesars Pizza shops are free of
animal products, while the biscuits at Popeye's contain eggs and buttermilk. The
chicken broth has been removed from Taco Bell's seasoned rice since the last
edition of the booklet, as have beef flavorings in Pizza Hut's regular pizza
sauce.

The 32-page guide can be ordered for $4 (includes postage) from: The Vegetarian
Resource Group, P.O. Box 1463, Baltimore, MD 21203 or online at
www.vrg.org/journal.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

TYPE: COLUMN. LOCAL

                   Copyright 2002 The State Journal-Register


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Mountain Messenger

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 August 8, 2009

Buy Fresh, Buy Local WV Chapter launches membership campaign;
Keeping Food Close to Home

BYLINE: Mountain Messenger staff

LENGTH: 330  words


West Virginians are leading the charge in the local food movement sweeping
across the country. According to the WV Small Farm Center, the number of
farmer's markets in the state has more than doubled since 2005. And to
complement the interest of supporting local farms, residents now have their very
own Buy Fresh, Buy Local West Virginia Chapter (BFBLWV) to assist in educating,
motivating and connecting consumers to fresh, healthy, local food.

Various partner and supporter categories exist. Partners can include: Farmers,
farmer's markets, restaurants and other food related businesses, institutional
cafeterias, wineries, and breweries. Once a completed application and annual
dues are received, businesses will then receive access to nationally recognized
marketing materials, e-newsletters, product and dining guide listings, food
related event and website promotions for one year. Supporter and sponsorship
categories vary according to financial contribution and may include individuals,
nonprofit companies, institutions and educational facilities.

FoodRoutes Network, which is the parent organization of Buy Fresh, Buy Local, is
dedicated to reintroducing Americans to their food - the seeds it grows from,
the farmers who produce it, and the routes that carry it from the fields to
their tables. On average, Americans' food travels between 1,100 and 1,500 miles
from the farm to the table. The BFBLWV chapter, along with its partners and
supporters, hopes to significantly decrease the travel distance for West
Virginians food. This will ultimately lead to healthier individuals, farms,
communities, and the environment.

Buy Fresh, Buy Local West Virginia is an all-volunteer project of the WV Farmers
Market Association and was begun with a Specialty Crops Grant from the WV
Department of Agriculture. To join Buy Fresh, Buy Local West Virginia, find
sources for local food, see our calendar of events, or find out more
information, go to http://www.wvfarmers.org/buylocalwv/.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MMS

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 Mountain Messenger


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                             June 27, 2006, Tuesday
                                Solihull Edition

Solihull News: MP backs markets;
SHIRLEY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 133 words


LIB Dem MP Lorely Burt is calling for better promotion of the regular farmers'
markets in Shirley and Solihull to encourage more people to eat fresh produce.

Mrs Burt said buying local produce not only supported local farmers, but cut
down on the number of miles food travels from the producer to the consumer.

"Transporting food over large distances uses a lot of fuel, whether it travels
by lorry or plane, which means that buying local can be fresher and is also good
for the environment," said the MP.

Mrs Burt said she has also signed up to a Local Food is Miles Better campaign in
Parliament, calling for all supermarkets and food retailers to promote, stock
and label locally produced food.

"I will be calling on the council to do more to promote the farmer's markets
here in Solihull," she said.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      North Shore News (British Columbia)

                          November 13, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Food Calendar

BYLINE: Compiled by Deana Lancaster, North Shore News

SECTION: DINING; Food Calendar; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 331  words


Lonsdale Quay Farmers' Market: The last of the year's farmers' markets runs
through until the end of November on Wednesdays from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. and
Saturdays from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. on the east side of the quay. The market
features local B.C. farmers, both traditional and organic produce, prepared
foods and more. For information contact Lyn Hainstock at 604-739-9002 between
noon and 6 p.m.

More than Salt & Pepper: Caren McSherry, owner of the Gourmet Warehouse and one
of the original Girls Who Dish, drops by the Tools and Techniques kitchen
tonight, Nov. 13 to share the culinary experience found in her new cookbook More
than Salt & Pepper: Filo Pissaladiere; French Onion Tart; Scallop Potatoes (with
real scallops!); Herbed Olives; Sushi Rolls and more. Tuition for this class is
$80 and includes a copy of McSherry's book. Class starts at 6:30 p.m. The store
is located at 250 - 16th St. Call 604-925-1835 to register.

Postcards from Italy: November is the final month of Gusto di Quattro's
Postcards From Italy promotion. To finish, the restaurant will feature inspired
food and exclusive wines from Piedmont and Valle d'Aosta in Northern Italy,
including a four-course Piedmontese menu: crostata di funghi, wild mushroom tart
with a tomato and thyme butter sauce; fettuccine al tartufo, fettuccini with
truffle and goose succo; anatra con porcini di lenticchie, duck breast with
moscato and porcini mushrooms served with a lentil salsa -- and several unique
wines from the region. The four-course menu is $44 per person. Wines on the
Postcards From Italy menu are priced separately. Reservations are recommended:
604-924-4444.

Italian Treasures: On Monday, Nov. 18, Liberty Wine Merchants in Park Royal
invites wine lovers to Italian Treasures, a wine-tasting salon, at 7 p.m. It
costs $39.99 and space is limited. Call for information or to book,
604-925-3663.

---

Send items to North Shore News, 1139 Lonsdale Ave., North Vancouver, B.C., V7M
2H4. E-mail dlancaster@nsnews.com .

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2002 North Shore News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Murray Valley Standard

                            August 20, 2015 Thursday

Show photographic talent at markets

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 222 words


CALLING all photographers: here is your chance to show off your talents.

The Mount Pleasant Farmers Market is running its first photo competition until
the end of August to showcase the talents of photographers.

Markets assistant manager Terese Stephens said entries, which could be made by
anyone of any age, were to be photos taken at the markets.

"You can see (the markets) through someone else's eyes," she said.

"It can be anything - produce, a stall holder, the atmosphere - as long as it's
at the markets."

The idea of a competition came up because of the talent of locals.

"It's mostly because there's so many great photos at the markets," she said.

She said winning photos would be used for promotion on Facebook and the website,
and the best entries could be used in a calendar.

"It's an opportunity to get your photo published - as a photographer myself, I
would love to have it in a calendar," she said.

First prize is a $100 Mount Pleasant Farmers Market gift voucher; second prize
is an $80 voucher; and the people's choice prize is a year's membership for the
market.

- Details: Entries close August 31. Permission must be gained to use
portrait-type photos of people. Entry forms can be found at www.mpfm. org.au or
www.facebook. com/pages/Mount-Pleasant-Farmers-Market-Inc-South-Australia/ or by
emailing managermpfm@bigpond.com

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 18, 2011 Friday

Concord Afghan food company expanding quickly, bringing bolani to America

BYLINE: By Paul Thissen Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 507 words


CONCORD -- Billal Sidiq grew up at farmers markets, so he's a good salesman. He
speaks fast, talks up his products, grins. These days, he has a lot to smile
about. Bolani East and West Gourmet Afghan Food, the 7-year-old company he and
his parents own, set a sales record at Costco. Whole Foods wants them to expand
faster than they can bake bolani. They're outgrowing their kitchen just outside
of North Concord.

And for Sidiq, it's not just about building a business. It's about changing
perceptions of Afghanistan.

After the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, people would ask him if he knew Osama bin
Laden. He wants them to ask about his pesto spreads.

More and more people do.

"We're lucky that we might have more customers than we can even supply at the
moment," said Joe Trouba, who runs the business side of the operation.

East and West's spreads and bolani -- flatbread stuffed with spinach, lentils,
pumpkin or potatoes -- are available at Whole Foods stores across Northern
California, not to mention at nearly 200 farmers markets around the state. On
April 1, they will go on sale at Southern California Whole Foods stores.

And in its first week at Costco, doing a "Roadshow" promotion at the Novato
store, the company broke Costco's sales record for the program -- $53,600 in
sales in one week.

It also did well at the Concord Costco the next week, and will be at the
Danville Costco the week of April 4.

A Whole Foods purchasing agent bragged to The Wall Street Journal about having
found them at a farmers market, saying the products were now outselling staples
such as eggs at the stores where they're sold.

In addition to its Concord location, the company also has a kitchen in Southern
California. In order to expand, the company plans to open more kitchens rather
than shipping the food long distances, requiring more preservatives. Using fresh
produce is part of what makes the food taste good, Sidiq said.

"We don't want to be a company that mass-produces out of one facility," Sidiq
said. "We only contract with local farmers or companies that work with local
farmers."

But they're also outgrowing their Concord space and planning to look for a
larger facility in the area once their lease ends in 11 months.

Sidiq said many of the company's regular customers are Jewish. The fact that
they're all vegetarian -- and many are vegan -- means it's easy to keep kosher.

The food also is healthy, since bolani is baked and not fried, and the pesto and
curry spreads are made without much oil -- they're recommended by area
WeightWatchers programs, Sidiq said.

Their products are also unique -- at least in this country. The company was
awarded a trademark for "bolani," the traditional name for the Afghan flatbread.

"You can't walk into Safeway or Lucky" and buy it, Sidiq said. Then he smiled.

Contact Paul Thissen at 925-943-8163. Follow him at Twitter.com/pthissen .null


Workers Luis Vasquez, right, and Gabriel Rojas peel and chop butternut squash as
they prepare bolani at the family-owned Bolani East and West Gourmet Afghan Food
company in Concord.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                            January 7, 2006 Saturday

Cameron wants more farmers' markets

BYLINE:  Rebecca Short

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 410 words


The Westcountry's organic industry has welcomed Tory leader David Cameron's
comments that he wants to see more farmers' markets selling organic produce -
but there are fears of it becoming a "political trend".

Speaking at the 60th anniversary reception for the Soil Association - which
campaigns for organic farming - Mr Cameron said the party should look at farming
and environmental issues "in the round".

He said: "People are increasingly interested in what they eat, how it's grown,
the effect on our environment and whether it's sustainable. We need a balanced
approach, with thriving agriculture, ensuring that both organic and traditional
farming methods play their part.

"Politicians should ask what more we can do to expand farmers' markets, increase
branding of top class UK produce and increase transparency, so consumers know
exactly what they're buying and eating. That's the way to support our
agriculture, foster good practice, sustain the environment and  give people the
high quality food they want."

Richard Lawes, of the Organic Farmers Market, a mail order service based in
Cullompton, Mid Devon, that specialises in delivering organic produce from the
Westcountry, said: "It's nice to see there is a real Westminster feel for the
industry and that people are actually interested in the production of food.

"What we don't want is for the term 'organic' to become a political trend and to
disappear under the carpet again. Jamie Oliver forced the school dinner issue to
become a big political potato - so hopefully we are past that stage now."

Lavinia Halliday, who produces organic beef and lamb from her 250-acre farm in
Linkinhorne, near Callington, Cornwall, said: "People are more thoughtful about
what goes into their bodies and I think that has developed through positive
promotions in the media. Through constant repetition it's now getting through to
people who are really starting to understand the fundamental aspects of the way
the food industry works."

Jo Budden, of Higher Hacknell Organic Farm, near Umberleigh, North Devon, said:
"The more encouragement people have the better." Mrs Budden produces a range of
organic beef, pork, lamb and chicken, and attends Exeter farmers' market every
Thursday. "There are queues from early morning," she said.

Mr Cameron's comments will be seen as a further attempt by him to reposition the
Conservative Party, which, in the past, has not been seen as an enthusiastic
supporter of "green" issues.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                            January 7, 2006 Saturday

Cameron wants more farmers' markets

BYLINE:  Rebecca Short

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 410 words


The Westcountry's organic industry has welcomed Tory leader David Cameron's
comments that he wants to see more farmers' markets selling organic produce -
but there are fears of it becoming a "political trend".

Speaking at the 60th anniversary reception for the Soil Association - which
campaigns for organic farming - Mr Cameron said the party should look at farming
and environmental issues "in the round".

He said: "People are increasingly interested in what they eat, how it's grown,
the effect on our environment and whether it's sustainable. We need a balanced
approach, with thriving agriculture, ensuring that both organic and traditional
farming methods play their part.

"Politicians should ask what more we can do to expand farmers' markets, increase
branding of top class UK produce and increase transparency, so consumers know
exactly what they're buying and eating. That's the way to support our
agriculture, foster good practice, sustain the environment and  give people the
high quality food they want."

Richard Lawes, of the Organic Farmers Market, a mail order service based in
Cullompton, Mid Devon, that specialises in delivering organic produce from the
Westcountry, said: "It's nice to see there is a real Westminster feel for the
industry and that people are actually interested in the production of food.

"What we don't want is for the term 'organic' to become a political trend and to
disappear under the carpet again. Jamie Oliver forced the school dinner issue to
become a big political potato - so hopefully we are past that stage now."

Lavinia Halliday, who produces organic beef and lamb from her 250-acre farm in
Linkinhorne, near Callington, Cornwall, said: "People are more thoughtful about
what goes into their bodies and I think that has developed through positive
promotions in the media. Through constant repetition it's now getting through to
people who are really starting to understand the fundamental aspects of the way
the food industry works."

Jo Budden, of Higher Hacknell Organic Farm, near Umberleigh, North Devon, said:
"The more encouragement people have the better." Mrs Budden produces a range of
organic beef, pork, lamb and chicken, and attends Exeter farmers' market every
Thursday. "There are queues from early morning," she said.

Mr Cameron's comments will be seen as a further attempt by him to reposition the
Conservative Party, which, in the past, has not been seen as an enthusiastic
supporter of "green" issues.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

            Daily Telegraph (Sydney, Australia) (Sydney, Australia)

                          November 16, 2005 Wednesday

Go west for the best that's fresh

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: SUE BENNETT

SECTION: FEATURES; Style / Food and Wine; Pg. 64

LENGTH: 452 words


A tasty market trend finds its way to Penrith, writes SUE BENNETT

Long the preserve of the inner-city foodie enthusiasts, farmers' markets are
beginning to open citywide with Penrith getting its own version from Friday.

Visitors to Penrith Showground will find 25 to 30 stalls selling a range of
produce from strawberries to stonefruit, trout from a Lithgow farm, local
oranges, Silverdale-grown lettuce picked earlier that morning, Blue Mountains
honey and beef from Yeoval in the central west of NSW.

It's operated on strict farmers' markets guidelines. That means all stallholders
must be farmers and/or producers selling food, and food-related products only.

"They must have grown or produced the stuff themselves," GEMS Event Management
organiser Chris Gray says.

"You can't even sell your neighbours' food and it's an absolute rule you cannot
have gone through any other markets.

"That's simply because there's no guarantee of quality then and we are selling
on quality.

"The tag line is real farmers, real food, real taste.

"It can make it hard as some producers only have a selling season of a few weeks
or months but we are sticking with the principle."

He says feedback from farmers is positive. Many are delighted they only have to
travel across the mountains to take part. His company organised the Warwick Farm
market but this is their first from scratch. And already they have earmarked
another two western Sydney locations.

"People in these areas are switching on to better quality, fresh farm fruit and
vegetables and, for a lot of the farmers, it's much closer to access," he says.

He says Penrith City Council has been supportive.

"The council is very keen on healthy eating, they saw value in that and they've
been very good at assisting us in promotion," he says.

* Penrith Original Farmers' Market at Penrith Showground, opposite Panthers,
with plenty of parking. This Friday and every first and third Friday of each
month, 9.30am-2.30pm.

This weekend's markets

Penrith Original Farmers' Market, Penrith Showground, Station St (opposite
Centro Nepean Shopping Centre). First and third Friday each month
(9.30am-2.30pm)

Warwick Farm Trackside Market, Warwick Farm Racecourse, Governor Macquarie
Drive, Warwick Farm. Open Saturdays (8am-noon)

Sutherland Hospital Farmers' Market, cnr Kareena Rd and The Kingsway, Caringbah
(8am-noon). Third Saturday each month

Northside Produce Market, North Sydney Community Centre, Miller St, North Sydney
(8am-noon). Third Saturday each month

Mudgee Farmers' Market,

St Marys Church grounds. Third Saturday each month (9am-noon)

Fox Farmers' Market, Entertainment Quarter , Moore Park. Every Wednesday and
Saturday (10am-4pm)

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Marlborough Express (New Zealand)

                            March 26, 2014 Wednesday

Market place for fruit and vege bargains

SECTION: NEWS; GENERAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 477 words


Buying fruit and veges at a market instead of a supermarket could save a family
of four up to $49 a week, a new study has found.

Researchers from the University of Otago in Wellington put together a
hypothetical weekly shopping basket for two adults and two children, based on an
ideal intake of fruit and veges, and compared more than 3000 prices at various
shops.

They found the basket at a market cost $76, considerably less than the nearest
rival, an online supermarket, at $113 - and even then they warned that delivery
charges could push that price up.

The most expensive option - at $138 - was farmers' markets, which sell only
locally grown produce.

That was despite about about a third of their produce, including cauliflower,
silverbeet, spinach, cucumber and pumpkin, being much cheaper than in
supermarkets.

The study also found a mild "halo effect" around markets that operated near
supermarkets: their cheaper produce drove the cost of fruit and veges down at
the big grocery chains.

Wellington's Hill St farmers' market, as well as Harbourside, Victoria St,
Newtown and Porirua markets, and two farmers' markets in Christchurch, were used
in the comparison.

The supermarkets were not identified.

Harbourside Market manager Fraser Ebbett said the findings came as no surprise.

Weekend markets were attractive because produce was cheaper and the shopping
experience often involved entertainment and stalls selling hot food and other
wares.

Harbourside Market operates across the road from New World Chaffers Park in
central Wellington, and Mr Ebbett said word of mouth reports suggested nearby
supermarkets dropped their prices on market days. "I absolutely understand that
- they adjust their prices to compete."

The study found supermarkets near markets cut their prices markedly at weekends,
and were more likely to discount low-price items.

The reason for this was unknown, study co-author Anna Pearson said.

Antoinette Shallue, of Foodstuffs, which owns the New World and Pak 'n Save
chains, said the company did not cut prices to compete with street markets or
farmers' markets.

Weekend promotions were often added when there was a surplus of produce from
suppliers, and Foodstuffs' customer feedback suggested quality at street markets
was not as good as at a supermarket, she said.

The university study did not control for quality.

Study co-author Nick Wilson suggested central and local governments could play a
part in making it easier for low-income families to buy healthy produce such as
fruit and vegetables.

States in the United States gave produce market vouchers to poorer people, he
said.

"If these are usable at markets, then this can help support local growers as
well - so it can be good for regional employment."

Another approach was for local government to boost support for produce markets,
by such measures as providing free stall space. Fairfax NZ

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            April 10, 2008 Thursday

Small bites

BYLINE: KIRK-ANDERSON Mary

SECTION: FEATURES; FOOD; SMALL BITES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 460 words


The winner of the table for four at Rex Morgan's Farmers' Market dinner at the
Crowne Plaza on June 13 is Robert Shand, of Christchurch. Your voucher

is on its way.

.

Chosen by Stein

The 2007 Mud House Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc is a new addition to the wine
list at British chef Rick Stein's The Seafood Restaurant in Padstow, Cornwall.
The wine is included in the special Our Selection section at the restaurant, the
only New Zealand wine to be so honoured, according to the current wine list
shown on the internet. Several other New Zealand wines are listed under
individual country sections for reds and whites.

.

First to the vines

From mid-May, visitors passing through Blenheim Airport will be greeted by a
statue of Marlborough's first winemaker, Scotsman David Herd, who arrived in the
Wairau Valley in 1855 and, while working as manager of Meadowbank Station,
planted grapes on neighbouring land. He later bought the land, named it
Auntsfield and ran it as a commercial vineyard until his death in 1905. The
statue was commissioned by the Cowley family, current owner of the Auntsfield
vineyard, and will be unveiled on May 7.

.

Market meeting

"More exciting than a sunny, windless weekend morning. More insightful than
Niwa's long-term weather forecasting. More inspirational than cash in the hand
for your harvest, and more controversial than the winner of the tastiest tomato
competition." So reads the promotion for the second Farmers' Markets New Zealand
conference, to be held in Marlborough from May 30 to June 1. Speakers include
chef Jonny Schwass, politician and Safe Food campaigner Sue Kedgley, and
farmers' market pioneer Bernadine Prince, from the United States. To register,
see www. farmers market. org.nz/documents/FMNZ Conference2008. pdf

.

Best bacon

A search is on by industry body New Zealand Pork to find New Zealand's best
bacon. The 100% New Zealand Bacon Competition is open only to bacons produced in
New Zealand using New Zealand pork, and has four categories: middle, shoulder,
streaky and danish bacons. All the entries are judged fresh and cooked, using
criteria such as appearance, texture, shrinkage, smell, and taste. The head
judge is Wellington restaurateur and television chef Steve Logan. Entries close
on May 2, with judging taking place at Weltec School of Hospitality in Petone on
May 23. The chief executive of New Zealand Pork, Sam McIvor, says consumers are
realising that 800,000kg of pork is imported into New Zealand every week. "Most
of that is made into bacon, but consumers are telling us that they want to buy
New Zealand bacon, and being passionate about bacon, they want to know which New
Zealand bacon is best," he says.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Stein special: the 2007 Mud House Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      June 17, 2004 Thursday Home Edition

Cobb Business: BRIEFS

BYLINE: LESLIE EVERTON BRICE

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Cobb; Pg. 3JF

LENGTH: 273 words


Rotary clubs build playground

The Rotary Club of East Cobb and the Marietta Metro Rotary Club recently donated
$20,000 to purchase and install equipment for a 1,394-square-foot playground at
Cambridge Woods Apartments.

The rental apartments are owned and operated by the Center for Family Resources.

The two Rotary clubs' members also volunteered more than 50 hours to prepare the
area and install the playground equipment and fencing.

Cambridge Woods is at 1601 Massachusetts Ave. in Marietta.

Ebenezer goes up

Home Traditions Inc. recently broke ground at Ebenezer Farm, a community of
luxury homes in East Cobb.

Eighty homes will be built with brick, stone and hardiplank exteriors.

Four- and five-bedroom floor plans are available, ranging from 3,400 to 4,777
square feet, and priced from the mid-$400,000s.

Morris & Raper Realtors is marketing the community.

For more information, call 678-560-9899.

Cooking displays

Whole Foods Market will host free cooking demonstrations as part of its annual
Fish for Our Future celebration.

For the fourth year, Whole Foods Market is joining with the Marine Stewardship
Council, the World Wildlife Fund and the Alaska Seafood Marketing Institute to
highlight MSC-certified wild Alaska salmon and other sustainable seafood
options.

Featuring Alaskan salmon recipes and free samples prepared by guest chefs from
ChefsUSA, the promotion will be ongoing at various Whole Foods Markets and
Harry's Farmers Markets, through July 15.

The next demonstration is scheduled for 1 to 4 p.m. Saturday at Harry's Farmers
Market, 70 Powers Ferry Road, Marietta.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Western Daily Press

                                 March 7, 2001

Farmers' markets begin to open with a limited range

SECTION: News, Pg.28

LENGTH: 335 words


AFARMERS'market in Bristol is breaking ranks and reopening today while others
across the region remain closed this week because of the foot-and-mouth crisis.

The weekly sale of local produce in the city's Corn Street was cancelled last
week but is due to go ahead today on a reduced scale, with many farmers missing.

Meat will not be on sale but stallholders will be offering other goods including
fish, herbs, bread and honey as well as imported bananas.

But six other farmers'markets due to take place this week have been called off,
including Yeovil on Thursday, Melksham and Blandford on Friday, followed by
Westonsuper-Mare and Frome on Saturday.

A Calne market was also abandoned yesterday.

Plans for next week's events are going ahead in both Bristol and Stroud while
other market managers will decide later.

The Bristol and Stroud markets both say they are using guidelines issued by the
Agriculture Ministry and by the Bath-based National Association of Farmers'
Markets.

Bristol City Council also took advice from its trading standards team before
reaching the decision to go ahead.

A spokesman said the places from which stall holders travel to trade at the
market had been taken into account.

"Stallholders from restricted areas, and those who live or work on livestock
farms, will not attend, " he said.

Among the stalls will be some selling non-local goods, including tea, coffee and
bananas, as part of a promotion for Fair Trade fortnight.

Roger White, spokesman for Somerset Farmers' Markets, said: "We don't want to
have a farmers'market without bona fide local farmers, that's not the right
image.

"We are keen to start again, but we are not taking any unnecessary chances."

Jenny Bartlett, secretary of Wiltshire Farmers' Markets Association, said the
group will decide the fate of next week's markets in Bradford-on-Avon and
Warminster on either Monday or Tuesday.

"If there are no new cases, they may be able to go ahead, " she said.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2001 Bristol United Press


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Glanbrook / Sachem Gazette

                              June 2, 2014 Monday
                                  ONT Edition

Binbrook Farmers' Market open for the season

SECTION: Pg. 0

LENGTH: 476  words


By Tamara Botting

There was barely a cloud in the sky for the first market day of the season in
Binbrook.

"It's been excellent today," said Colleen Zimmermann, one of the members of the
Binbrook Farmers' Market committee.

There were about 20 vendors on Saturday, with an additional ten expected to be
added through the season.

"A lot of the fruit and vegetable vendors weren't about to come out yet because
of the wet weather; they will probably be out in a few weeks," said Kylene
Oreskovic, another committee member.

Despite short a few vendors, "It's been steady all day. We've had a few hundred
people come out," said Oreskovic.

"We've been looking forward to this all winter!" one customer said.

"I was very happy to see the turnout, and that we had a nice, sunny day. We knew
that people were looking forward to the market, but it's different when they
actually come out," said Zimmermann.

"We have lots of new vendors this year, and everything is farm-based," said
Zimmermann.

Oreskovic noted, "We also have a lot of return vendors."

One of the Binbrook Farmers' Market promotions that also returned from last
year, the loyalty card, got a very warm response from the community this year.

"We had 125 loyalty cards, and they were gone in the first two hours," said
Zimmermann, adding, "We'll have more next week."

The cards are issued one per family; the cards can get one stamp per week, and
when the cards are full, they can be brought to the Binbrook Fair for a free
food item.

Another new program added this year is Market Bucks, where guests get a ballot
for each vendor they purchase from, and there is a draw at the end of the day,
with the winner getting a voucher that will be accepted like cash for the next
week's market.

Mike Binns was one of the new vendors at the Binbrook Farmers' Market this year;
he and his wife, Kelly, have started a new business, MiKel's Lavender Oasis, a
farm on Harrison Road in Binbrook.

"This is a way for us to get our name out there," said Mike.

Louise Baird was helping out at her son's booth on Saturday; Austin Baird owns
C'est Parfait Landscaping on Fletcher Road, and was one of the vendors last year
at the Binbrook Farmers' Market.

"It's been really good. There has been a lot of interest," said Louise.

The Binbrook Farmers' Market is open every Saturday, 8 a.m. to noon, until
October 11, except for the weekend of the Binbrook Fair; it runs rain or shine.
For regular updates on the Binbrook Farmers' Market and the produce that will be
available each week, the market has a Facebook page, and is on Twitter
@BinbrookFarmers.

-30-

Mike Binns was one of the new vendors at the Binbrook Farmers' Market; he and
his wife, Kelly, have started a new business, MiKel's Lavender Oasis, a farm on
Harrison Road in Binbrook; they will be at the market each week to promote their
new venture.

Photo by Tamara Botting, The Gazette

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                              July 3, 2015 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Bulletin Board

SECTION: BULLETIN BOARD; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 698 words


Pride volunteers needed Prince George Pride Monday, July 6 to Saturday, July 12
Volunteers are needed for promotion, fundraising, event planning and more.

Volunteers greatly needed for events during July 6 to 12 for drag shows, parade,
festival and pride party. For more information email info@pgpride.com

Potluck Thursday, July 9 from 5 to 7 p.m. at the Hart Pioneer Centre, located at
6986 Hart Hwy.

Storytime in the park Thursday, July 9, and every Thursday until August 13, from
10:30 to 11 a.m. the Prince George Public Library and Child Care Resource
Referral are teaming up together to bring children a fun program in the park.
Join in the stories, songs and rhymes at these beautiful parks in Prince George.

Each week the event will be held at a different park: July 9, Rainbow Park, 3800
Rainbow Dr. July 16, Latrobe Park, 7818 Latrobe Cres. July 23, Snowdrop Park,
4650 Snowdrop Dr. July 30, Lheidli T'enneh Memorial Park. Aug. 6, Clapperton
Park, 1501 Van Bien Ave. Aug. 13, Eaglenest Park, 4343 Eaglenest Cres.

Summer lovin' at the library Read-Dating for ages 25 to 35 Thursday, July 9 from
7 to 8:30 p.m. at the main branch of the Prince George Public Library.

This is a summer edition of our popular speed-dating, read-dating.

Bring a book, movie or magazine as a conversation starter and meet your match.

Call 250-563-9251 ext. 141 to register.

KidzArt Dayz Friday, July 10 and Saturday, July 11 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the
Two Rivers Gallery, 725 Canada Games Way.

There are two full days of free art for the whole family at the gallery and the
Canada Games Plaza. For more information visit www.tworiversgallery.ca.

Time capsule opening Friday, July 10 from 3:40 to 4:30 p.m. The unearthing of
the 75th Anniversary Time Capsule, celebrating Prince George's 100 year
anniversary will take place at the Bob Harkins Branch, Prince George Public
Library, 887 Dominion St.

Everyone is welcome to attend the event.

Willow River Days Saturday, July 11 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Willow River is
celebrating the anniversary of its neighbour to the west, Prince George, during
its annual Willow River Days. Come and enjoy a bicycle parade, magic show, belly
dancing, chili contest, farmers' market and live music of Black Spruce Bog.
Location is Willow River, at the corner of Willow Street and Railway Avenue. For
more information call 250-561-7600.

Exit Glow performs at Shiraz Saturday, July 11 from 7:30 to 9 p.m. The Prince
George-based band performs catchy folk rock. Check out the band featuring Ben
Brown, Andrea Brown, and Sarah Waters at 159-1600 15th Avenue.

Prince George Year Round

Farmers' Market Every Saturday from 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. at 1074 Sixth Avenue.

Find the best of local Grow It - Bake It - Make

It the city has to offer.

Food, live music, crafts, flowers, pet treats, jewelry, vegan and gluten-free
products, knitting, leather goods. Check out the website for a complete list of
vendors and products at www.farmersmarketpg.ca.

A Butler's Market on Fourth Every Saturday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. and Sunday 11
a.m. to 4 p.m. at 1156 Fourth Ave. Find hidden treasures in this indoor market,
featuring a variety of items from many vendors.

For more information call 250-961-1954.

PG Cariboo Toastmasters Every Monday from 7:30 to 9:30 p.m. at 3330 22nd Ave.,
First Floor Room 1-317 Communicate with confidence. From public speaking,
presentations to general conversations, Cariboo Toastmasters will strengthen
your communication skills and boost your confidence. Meetings are every Monday,
except for stat holidays.

For more info contact Kerry at 250-962-2270, kerrydeschamps@telus.net

Spruce Capital Toastmasters Every Tuesday from 7:30 to 9:30 p.m. at 102-1566
Seventh Ave., the Community Futures Building.

Since 1924, Toastmasters International has helped millions of men and women
become more confident in front of an audience. Our network of clubs and their
learn-bydoing program are sure to help you become a better speaker and leader.

Want to see your upcoming event on the Bulletin Board? Send it to the Citizen by
going online to by pgc.cc/SubmitBulletin and we'll run it free of charge, space
permitting.

Or if the Internet is not your thing, call Christine Hinzmann at 250-960-2773.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                            March 26, 2014 Wednesday

Fruit and veges at market cheaper, study shows

BYLINE: MATT STEWART

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 508 words


BUYING fruit and veges at a market instead of a supermarket could save a family
of four up to $49 a week, a new study has found.

Researchers from the University of Otago in Wellington put together a
hypothetical weekly shopping basket for two adults and two children, based on an
ideal intake of fruit and veges, and compared more than 3000 prices at various
shops.

They found the basket at a market cost $76, considerably less than the nearest
rival, an online supermarket, at $113 - and even then they warned that delivery
charges could push that price up.

The most expensive option - at $138 - was farmers' markets, which sell only
locally grown produce. That was despite about about a third of their produce,
including cauliflower, silverbeet, spinach, cucumber and pumpkin, being much
cheaper than in supermarkets.

The study also found a mild "halo effect" around markets that operated near
supermarkets: their cheaper produce drove the cost of fruit and veges down at
the big grocery chains.

Wellington's Hill St farmers' market, as well as Harbourside, Victoria St,
Newtown and Porirua markets, and two farmers' markets in Christchurch, were used
in the comparison.

The supermarkets were not identified.

Harbourside Market manager Fraser Ebbett said the findings came as no surprise.

Weekend markets were attractive because produce was cheaper and the shopping
experience often involved entertainment and stalls selling hot food and other
wares.

Harbourside Market operates across the road from New World Chaffers Park in
central Wellington, and Mr Ebbett said word of mouth reports suggested nearby
supermarkets dropped their prices on market days. "I absolutely understand that
- they adjust their prices to compete."

The study found supermarkets near markets cut their prices markedly at weekends,
and were more likely to discount low-price items. The reason for this was
unknown, study co-author Anna Pearson said.

Antoinette Shallue ,of Foodstuffs, which owns the New World and Pak 'n Save
chains, said the company did not cut prices to compete with street markets or
farmers' markets.

Weekend promotions were often added when there was a surplus of produce from
suppliers, and Foodstuffs' customer feedback suggested quality at street markets
was not as good as at a supermarket, she said.

The university study did not control for quality.

Study co-author Nick Wilson suggested central and local governments could play a
part in making it easier for low-income families to buy healthy produce such as
fruit and vegetables.

States in the United States gave produce market vouchers to poorer people, he
said.

"If these are usable at markets, then this can help support local growers as
well - so it can be good for regional employment."

Another approach was for local government to boost support for produce markets,
by such measures as providing free stall space.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Shopping for a bargain: A new study shows shopping at fruit and vege markets can
offer considerable weekly savings over supermarkets.

Picture: KEVIN STENT/FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 Colusa County Sun-Herald (Colousa, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 30, 2012 Friday

County to promote its own through ag grant

BYLINE: Colusa County Sun-Herald, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words


March 30--Local farmers markets and road-side stands offer some of the best of
what area farmers grow.

Now the Colusa County Conservation Resource District wants to take that a step
further.

Using a $56,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture grant, the agency is developing a
"Colusa County Grown" campaign.

"The purpose is to promote direct sale of agriculture products to consumers,"
said Mary Fahey, the conservation district coordinator.

While some growers also sell directly to local grocery outlets, this campaign is
to let consumers know they are buying locally grown or produced agriculture
goods.

"There are similar programs. Placerville has Placerville Grown, and I think
Capay has one, Capay Valley Grown," Fahey said.

Glenn County used a similar grant to launch its farmers markets in Willows and
Orland.

"This project will promote Colusa County agriculture products using two
strategies: A cohesive and recognizable brand for locally grown products, and a
consumer education campaign that highlights the benefits of purchasing local
healthy food," according to information released by the conservation district.

"Regional branding of 'Colusa County Grown' products will create a clear
distinction between local products so consumers can make an educated choice."

A logo will be developed along with the marketing strategies, which can be
applied to farmers markets, road-side stands, Internet sales and to help
producers with their own agri-tourism program, such as selling products directly
from their farms and ranches.

The first phase of the project is getting under way by identifying producers
interested in being part of the program, the district reported.

A survey of those producers, consumers and managers of farmers markets will be
conducted as well.

___ (c)2012 the Colusa County Sun-Herald (Colusa, Calif.) Visit the Colusa
County Sun-Herald (Colusa, Calif.) at www.colusa-sun-herald.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120330-YE-County-to-promote-its-own-through-ag-grant-0330-20120330

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YE


                    Copyright 2012 Colusa County Sun-Herald


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                             June 8, 2004, Tuesday

RURAL MATTERS: OSTRICH MEAT IS RUNAWAY SUCCESS AT FARMERS MARKET;
 THE BIRMINGHAM POST'S SEARCH FOR THE BEST FARMERS MARKET IN THE

BYLINE: SARAH PROBERT Stallholder Tom Norbury pouring out tasters of Cider for
customers to try; Picture, MARTIN HUMBY

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 575 words


'The problem with ostriches is their brains are the size of a broad bean,' the
enthusiastic farmer utters, as the scent of sizzling burgers waft beside him.

'It means they can't remember who you are, in fact they can't remember what
happened half an hour before and they can be incredibly aggressive.'

This, apparently, is partly why ostrich farms have failed to take off in Britain
and why Oslinc has travelled to Solihull farmers' market from its Lincolnshire
base.

The farm has 21 birds, keeping just three birds in an acre of land due to their
aggressive nature.

Although the market is strict about where producers are from -insisting they
live within a 30-mile radius, Oslinc is classed as a specialist supplier and in
the absence of a more local producer, has been invited to sell in Solihull. It
may not bring live birds with it but sells ostrich meat and feathers.

If ostrich does not quite take your fancy, the market does have a vibrant mix of
produce from home-made soups, cooked by a retired farmer using produce grown on
his land near Rugby, to locally produced honey, cheese and meats.

It is quite easy to stumble on the town's farmers' market as it stretches itself
along High Street -a perfect location in the shadow of the popular Touchwood
shopping centre and an array of shops.

The fact that Solihull has few vegetable shops or butchers', other than the
nearby supermarket, is also an advantage to those selling on the market.

Bob Rose, of Marsh Farm, near Bromsgrove, Worcestershire, relies on farmers'
markets to sell his free range eggs.

'The market maximises our profit because there is no middleman. But there is a
lack of promotion. A lot of these markets are well-established and because they
are self-sustaining they are left to their own devices but that means they are
slowly declining,' he said.

Mark Hayward, town centre manager, is keen to refresh the market and is buzzing
with ideas to improve on its success.

If Solihull won Market Masters, his plans are to improve its profile with extra
publicity, promoting healthy eating with guest stalls at the market, such as
recipe demonstrations. The pounds 500 prize money, which he hopes to use to
encourage match funding, would also be used to support local allotment growers
to stand at the market and fund a recipe booklet, highlighting the benefits of
buying food by local producers.

Don't miss next week's Rural Matters for a feature on the second shortlisted
market.

Market facts

Held: Monthly, first Friday 9am-5pm Location: High StreetNumber of stallholders
selling their own produce: 100 per centLength of time operating: five years
Number of stalls: 30 Price producer is charged per stall: pounds 21.50
Customers: 2,000Produce sold: Meat, wine, vegetables, honey, preserves, bread,
soup, cheese, eggs, plantsOperated by: EG SkettWHAT YOU CAN GET FOR UNDER pounds
20

A litre of apple juice from Norbury's Norment Farm and Cider pounds 2.20

Litre of French onion and white wine soup pounds 3.75

Goat's cheese from Umberslade Farm, Tanworth-in-Arden pounds 2.75

Locally-made Solihull honey pounds 1.75

Two Ostrich burgers pounds 1.80

One dozen large free range eggs pounds 1

Black bacon, dry cured with salt and Demerara sugar left to mature in molasses
and honey brine, pounds 3 for six rashers

Bread and butter pudding pounds 1.10

Two lamb chops pounds 2.29 TOTAL = pounds 19.64

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2004 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                             June 8, 2004, Tuesday

RURAL MATTERS: OSTRICH MEAT IS RUNAWAY SUCCESS AT FARMERS MARKET;
 THE BIRMINGHAM POST'S SEARCH FOR THE BEST FARMERS MARKET IN THE

BYLINE: SARAH PROBERT Stallholder Tom Norbury pouring out tasters of Cider for
customers to try; Picture, MARTIN HUMBY

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 575 words


'The problem with ostriches is their brains are the size of a broad bean,' the
enthusiastic farmer utters, as the scent of sizzling burgers waft beside him.

'It means they can't remember who you are, in fact they can't remember what
happened half an hour before and they can be incredibly aggressive.'

This, apparently, is partly why ostrich farms have failed to take off in Britain
and why Oslinc has travelled to Solihull farmers' market from its Lincolnshire
base.

The farm has 21 birds, keeping just three birds in an acre of land due to their
aggressive nature.

Although the market is strict about where producers are from -insisting they
live within a 30-mile radius, Oslinc is classed as a specialist supplier and in
the absence of a more local producer, has been invited to sell in Solihull. It
may not bring live birds with it but sells ostrich meat and feathers.

If ostrich does not quite take your fancy, the market does have a vibrant mix of
produce from home-made soups, cooked by a retired farmer using produce grown on
his land near Rugby, to locally produced honey, cheese and meats.

It is quite easy to stumble on the town's farmers' market as it stretches itself
along High Street -a perfect location in the shadow of the popular Touchwood
shopping centre and an array of shops.

The fact that Solihull has few vegetable shops or butchers', other than the
nearby supermarket, is also an advantage to those selling on the market.

Bob Rose, of Marsh Farm, near Bromsgrove, Worcestershire, relies on farmers'
markets to sell his free range eggs.

'The market maximises our profit because there is no middleman. But there is a
lack of promotion. A lot of these markets are well-established and because they
are self-sustaining they are left to their own devices but that means they are
slowly declining,' he said.

Mark Hayward, town centre manager, is keen to refresh the market and is buzzing
with ideas to improve on its success.

If Solihull won Market Masters, his plans are to improve its profile with extra
publicity, promoting healthy eating with guest stalls at the market, such as
recipe demonstrations. The pounds 500 prize money, which he hopes to use to
encourage match funding, would also be used to support local allotment growers
to stand at the market and fund a recipe booklet, highlighting the benefits of
buying food by local producers.

Don't miss next week's Rural Matters for a feature on the second shortlisted
market.

Market facts

Held: Monthly, first Friday 9am-5pm Location: High StreetNumber of stallholders
selling their own produce: 100 per centLength of time operating: five years
Number of stalls: 30 Price producer is charged per stall: pounds 21.50
Customers: 2,000Produce sold: Meat, wine, vegetables, honey, preserves, bread,
soup, cheese, eggs, plantsOperated by: EG SkettWHAT YOU CAN GET FOR UNDER pounds
20

A litre of apple juice from Norbury's Norment Farm and Cider pounds 2.20

Litre of French onion and white wine soup pounds 3.75

Goat's cheese from Umberslade Farm, Tanworth-in-Arden pounds 2.75

Locally-made Solihull honey pounds 1.75

Two Ostrich burgers pounds 1.80

One dozen large free range eggs pounds 1

Black bacon, dry cured with salt and Demerara sugar left to mature in molasses
and honey brine, pounds 3 for six rashers

Bread and butter pudding pounds 1.10

Two lamb chops pounds 2.29 TOTAL = pounds 19.64

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2004 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             May 12, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Food briefs

SECTION: FOOD & DINING; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 732  words


Berry tasting at farmers' market

Strawberry shortcake awaits visitors to the Carrboro Farmers' Market Saturday.

Fresh, local berries will be served atop pound cake baked by vendors, and
accompanied by whipped cream or lemon curd. The tasting begins at 8:30 a.m. and
continues until the berries are gone.

The Carrboro Farmers' Market has fresh salad greens, cooking greens, spring
onions and greenhouse tomatoes and lots of bedding and vegetable plants for
sale, as well as cut flowers, baked goods and crafts. It is located at Carrboro
Town Commons and is open from 7 a.m. until noon on Saturdays and 3:30 to 6:30
p.m. on Wednesdays.

There is also a market at Southern Village in Chapel Hill, open Thursdays from
3:30 to 6:30 p.m.

Wine tasting set at Il Palio

A wine tasting is scheduled from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Thursday at The Siena Hotel.
It will focus on traditional northern Italian white wines from the Trentino/Alto
Adige region.

The cost starts at $10. The tasting will be held in the Il Palio Ristorante bar
and reservations are not needed.

A week from today at 6:30 p.m. a wine dinner at Il Palio will feature wines from
the Abbazia di Novacella Estate paired with a gourmet menu from executive chef
Jim Anile.

The cost is $125 per person, plus tax and tip. For reservations, call 918-2545.

Free wine and beer tastings

The Chapel Hill Wine Company, located at the intersection of Airport and
Homestead roads, is featuring Spanish wines on Saturday from noon to 4 p.m. For
more info, call 968-1884.

Hillsborough Wine Company, located at 200 S. Churton St., is holding a beer
tasting Friday from 5 to 7:30 p.m. and a mystery wine tasting Saturday, from
noon to 4 p.m. For more info, call 732-4343.

Maggiano's holds 3 fund-raisers

Maggiano's Little Italy is supporting the Make-A-Wish Foundation of eastern
North Carolina with three fund-raising promotions over the next six weeks.

The fund-raiser begins with the "Eat-A-Dish for Make-A-Wish" and "Become a Star"
programs on Thursday.

"Eat-A-Dish for Make-A-Wish" offers diners a choice of Milk Chocolate Crème
Brulee or Fresh Strawberry Shortcake priced at $6.95 with $2 going directly to
the Make-A-Wish Foundation.

"Become a Star" will show the names of patrons who donate to the cause on a
paper star displayed in the restaurant.

The promotion will culminate with the "Putt For A Great Cause" putting contest
on Father's Day (June 20). The winner gets a gas grill.

Buy your beer, wine at theater

As of July 1, visitors to the Bryan Outdoor Theater at the N.C. Museum of Art
will not be allowed to bring alcoholic beverages to events.

You will still be able to consume beer and wine at movies and concerts, you just
have to buy it from a concession stand on the museum grounds.

Museum staff will be on hand at events to "facilitate the transition to the new
policy," according to a press release, and officials should be available to
answer questions and address concerns of patrons.

The summer season kicks off Friday, with The Flatlanders in concert, and the
documentary "Winged Migration" shows on Saturday.

Patrons may still bring their own food into the theater. For more information,
visit the museum Web site at www.ncartmuseum.org or call 839-6262.

Nestle offers 2 new products

Nestlé USA has two new products on supermarket shelves, Coffee-mate Latte
Creations coffee creamer and Coffee-mate Half & Half.

Create a foaming latte by adding a few spoonfuls of Coffee-mate Latte Creations
powder to your traditional brew. It comes in three flavors -- vanilla, mocha and
classic.

Coffee-mate is now in the dairy case, with Coffee-mate Half & Half in gourmet
flavors packed in a plastic bottle. It is available in original, vanilla and
hazelnut flavors.

For more information, go online at www.coffee-mate.com.

Organic coffee at Sam's Club

Marques de Paiva, the organic gourmet coffee line from Café Bom Dia, is now
available at Sam's Club.

The Marques de Paiva family has been growing coffee in the highlands of Brazil
for more than 100 years, and Café Bom Dia has been roasting coffee since 1978.
In January the first U.S.-branded Marques de Paiva organic product was
introduced at Sam's Clubs. The coffee, made from organic Arabica beans, is grown
without pesticides or chemical fertilizer, harvested, roasted and packaged at
facilities in Brazil. It retails for $9.87 for a 3-pound bag.

-- Food briefs are compiled by Al Carson, acarson@heraldsun.com; 419-6634.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 The Durham Herald Co.


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Southern Star (Australia)

                          September 25, 2013 Wednesday
                              SouthernStar Edition

Whats On Planner

SECTION: WHATSON; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 573  words


ENTERTAINMENT HAWAIIAN NIGHT Runcorn Tavern is holding a Hawaiian-themed night
on October 5 from 7pm-late. There will be a best dressed competition, mechanical
surfboard and DJ playing the latest tunes.

FARMERS MARKETS Cav Road Farmers Markets is a new event being held every
Saturday at Metropolitan South Institute of TAFE at 1030 Cavendish Rd, Mt
Gravatt, from 6am-noon. There is fresh fruit and veg, gourmet food, flowers,
plants, seafood and fresh backed goods. Moreâ[#x20ac][0/00] stallholders are
wanted.

Details: 0412 318 344 INDOORS SOCIAL MEDIA BASICS Learn how to use social media
to stay in touch with family and friends at Sunnybank Hills Library on September
28 at 10am. This session will introduce people to popular sites Facebook,
Twitter, Pinterest, Tumblr and Instagram. It is free but bookings are required.

Details: 3407 0578 FREE MOVIE SCREENING Sunnybank Hills Library will show Percy
Jackson and The Lightning Thief on September 26 at 4pm. The movie is based on
the children's novel by Rick Riordan. Bookings essential.

Details: 3403 8888 FASHION FESTIVAL Westfield Garden City is holding a free
fashion festival on September 28-29 with buskers, fashion shows and dance
performances. For more information, promotions and special offers, visit
westfield.com. au/gardencity ACTIVE MIXED MARTIAL ARTS Youth can learn how to
defend themselves, gain confidence and improve flexibility and co-ordination
with a mixed martial arts workshop at Svoboda Park, Beenleigh Rd, Kuraby, on
October 2 from 10-11am. Meet near the tennis courts. The class for 10-17 years
oldsâ[#x20ac][0/00] isâ[#x20ac][0/00] freeâ[#x20ac][0/00] but bookings are
essential.

Details: 0410 645 552 ZUMBA FITNESS With an infectious blend of Latin and
international rhythms and easy to follow moves, Zumba boasts a global following
of millions. Try it out at Russ Hall Park, McCarthy Rd, Salisbury on September
29â[#x20ac][0/00] at 9am. Cost is $2.

Details: 0415 651 290 MOUNTAIN BIKING Youth aged 10-17 can join a free mountain
biking session at Karawatha Forest on September 27 from 11am. You will be
introduced to the area with some fire trail riding followed by easy single
tracks. Meet at Illaweena Picnic Reserve, Illaweena St, Drewvale. Bookings
essential.

Details: 0403 293 533 CHILDREN ECO ART WORKSHOP Kids can learn how to get
creative with recyclables at Calamvale Central's eco-art workshops, until
Septemberâ[#x20ac][0/00]27. They will be held near the food court at 11am, noon
and 1pm each day. Bookings are essential.

Details: 3711 2705 MIFFY LIVE SHOW Join everyone's favourite white rabbit Miffy
and her friend Susie at Sunnybank Hills Shoppingtown on October 1-5 at 11am and
1pm on level four near Kmart. Miffy will also be near the stage from noon daily.

COMMUNITY GATEWAY OPP SHOP Gateway Opp Shop at 1052â[#x20ac][0/00]Mt
Gravatt-Capalaba Rd, Mackenzie, helps families save money while raising funds
for those in need in the community. Head over to find quality new season clothes
for kids from $1 and adults from $2.

It's open Wednesday and Thursday from 9am-4pm and Saturday from 9am-noon.
CONVERSATION GROUP A friendly and informal group meets at Mt Gravatt Library on
the third Thursday of every month. Head along to make new friends and improve
your English. All levels of English welcome from 11am.

Details: 3403 7775 FREE EQUIPMENT Brisbane City Cr Kim Marx has a marquee,
barbecue, a-frames for advertising, chairs and trestle tables available for
community groups in Karawatha Ward to borrow for events.Details: 3407 0566

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Southern Star


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                             October 1, 2012 Monday
                              Correction Appended

Confusion reigns on royal tour f lags

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 416 words


Royal protocol is causing a stir ahead of the visit by Prince Charles and
Camilla to New Zealand next month, which includes Manawatu.

Event organisers in towns the couple will visit received an email last week
about what they can and cannot do. The email was sent by the Diamond Jubilee
Visit Office, which is part of the Internal Affairs Department, and stipulated
that there was to be "no use of Union Jack flags or bunting". The prince and his
wife, the Duchess of Cornwall, are to tour the country between November 10 and
16 as part of the Queen's Diamond Jubilee celebrations. The royal couple will
visit Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch and Manawatu.

They will be in Feilding on November 15 and will attend the award-winning
farmers' market in Manchester Square before going to Ohakea.

Feilding Promotions manager Helen Worboys was sent an email reiterating the "key
messages" on managing publicity, which included no remarks to be attributed to
the royal visitors about why they were visiting Feilding and no mention of where
they were going after they leave the rural Manawatu town.

Farmers' market stallholder Bev Driffill said they were told the Union Jack was
banned as the tour organisers wanted to promote New Zealand.

"It would have been nice, but it's not a big deal really. We are just going to
be displaying the New Zealand flag instead."

However, diamond jubilee office communications adviser Rebekah Clement said the
ban was a misunderstanding.

"Essentially all we are saying is he is coming to visit New Zealand,
representing the Queen of New Zealand, so it's appropriate to use the New
Zealand flag . . . But we have no problem if people decide to fly the Union Jack
or have Union Jack bunting."

Mrs Worboys said the Internal Affairs Department had called her to clear up the
confusion.

"The department are saying they would prefer us to be showing traditional Kiwi.
So that's why there has been some confusion around the flag. We will be
promoting rural New Zealand and our farmers' market colours."

Prince Charles will celebrate his 64th birthday in the capital on November 14 -
the same day as Governor-General Sir Jerry Mateparae celebrates his 58th.

To mark the occasion, Sir Jerry has invited 64 Kiwis aged over 18 who also share
the birthday to put their names forward for a Kiwiana-themed party at Government
House.Fairfax NZ

--------------------

CAPTION:

Flagged down: Taste of UK owners June Belchamber, left, and Amanda Halloran with
Union Jacks.

Picture: MURRAY WILSON/ FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 2, 2012



CORRECTION: In a caption on page 4 of yesterday's Manawatu Standard, Amanda
McManus' surname was mistakenly printed as Halloran, June Belchamber's surname
was also misspelt, as was the name of their company Tastes of the UK. The
Manawatu Standard regrets these errors.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Nelson Mail (New Zealand)

                             July 5, 2012 Thursday

Fresh food from paddock tastes best

BYLINE: Louise Berwick

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 239 words


A Nelson Farmers' Market stallholder has won a national award.

Organically Grown in Hope won the Freshest Food Producer from the Paddock
(Organic) Award at this year's Taste Farmers' Markets Awards.

Organically Grown in Hope owner Brent Ferretti said he was delighted. His
winning celeriac and turmeric were selected because of their taste and
appearance, and Mr Ferretti even sent recipes to the judges to accompany the
produce.

Mr Ferretti's family has been market gardening for three generations and he has
been selling fruit and vegetables for the past 26 years.

He and his partner, Kevin Lubbersen, both work full time on their five- hectare
Hope garden. They did not employ any other staff, so all the weeding was done by
them, by hand.

Mr Ferretti said organic farming was the way of the future. "It produces
full-flavoured, nutrient-rich fruit and vegetables that have great resistance to
disease and pests."

While he was surprised to win the award, he knew he was "in for a chance",
because he grew quality fruit and vegetables that local people loved.

He encouraged more people to start growing organic produce, because there was
"very strong" demand.

"I don't need promotion. It would be nice to have a bit more competition."

--------------------

CAPTION:

Top produce: Market gardener Brent Ferretti, of Organically Grown in Hope, shows
the celeriac that helped him win a Taste Farmers' Markets Award.

Picture: COLIN SMITH / FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Glenville Democrat (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 29, 2015

Students learn the ins and outs of the newspaper business

BYLINE: The Glenville Democrat staff

LENGTH: 866  words


Sebastian Morris, Seka Miller, and Bradley Jenkins, seniors at Gilmer County
High School and students in the Work Based Learning class have chosen The
Glenville Democrat Pathfinder Newspaper office to spend their final semester of
high school to complete the credit for that class.

Gilmer County High School has been working in conjunction with Glenville State
College and the Calhoun-Gilmer Career Center for several years to implement the
School-To-Work grants they had received. However, with the federal grants
exhausted, the Work Based Learning class has still allowed students to get more
hands-on workplace knowledge prior to graduating from high school. In
partnership with Mr. Rick Kinder, Work off the back of the individual markets,
and allowing the markets to focus on other projects that will support its
growth."

Participants must apply and be selected to attend a two-day training which will
be held in Charleston this April.

This event will be hosted by the WVFMA in coordination with experts from WVU
Extension Service, WV Department of Agriculture, WV Department of Health & Human
Resources, the WV Food and Farm Coalition, and others.

This training will involve hosting a two-day New Vendor Launch "Boot Camp" to
provide in-depth training for beginning vendors, as well as producing a written
toolkit that will be made available to all West Virginia farmers markets and
their vendors.

Selected participants will also be paired with experienced mentors to help
ensure their success, and both participants and mentors will receive funding to
help offset travel costs and grow their businesses.

The WVFMA is seeking applicants with 0 -2 years of farmers market vendor
experience. The full application is available at http llwvf armers orgl
new-vendor-launch All applications must be submitted by February 15, 2015.

For more information, contact Adam Taylor, Project Coordinator, at
ataylorwvfma(r) gmail.com.

This training has been made possible by a federal grant awarded to the WVFMA
through the USDA' s Farmer Market Promotion Program (FMPP), as well as the
support of the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation and MVB Bank.

Continued from page 1

Based Coordinator at GCHS and Dr. David Corcoran Sr., publisher of these
newspapers, the students will learn and be evaluated periodically throughout the
semester to ensure they are receiving a beneficial and practical experience by
being in the non-school workplace.

The students have already learned some vital information including a review of
the history of newspapers from Dr. Corcoran Sr., digital layout from David
Corcoran Jr., General Manager, and interviewing skills from Brandy Smith, News
Reporter.

They have also been given their first assignment, choosing a public figure of
their choice and doing a short "spotlight" interview on them from the list of
questions they compiled. The students are working on the steps each day and will
soon be putting the story together to be published in upcoming editions of The
Glenville Democrat/Pathfinder newspapers.

The first of the students seeking Work Base class credit is Sebastian Morris. He
is a 17 year old senior who has lived in Glenville for the past six years.
Previously, he lived in Norfolk, V A, where his father was a Navy diver before
taking a teaching position at Glenville State College. Sebastian is very
interested in journalism so choosing The Glenville Democrat/Pathfinder
newspapers was an easy choice for job shadowing. He has been a part of GCHS's
broadcasting class for five years and has plans of attending Marshall
University, where he has already been accepted, for journalism after graduation.
He is also involved with track and cross country in school. He hopes to gain
more knowledge about journalism through this experience.

Seka Miller was born and raised in the Glenville area. In her spare time, she
enjoys being with friends and studying. As of now, she's working towards getting
her Learner's Permit. After graduation, she has plans of attending Bluefield
State College for nursing and would like to pursue a doctorate afterwards. In
this journalism experience, she hopes to learn new things.

Finally, Bradley Jenkins is an 18 year old Glenville native job shadowing at our
newspapers this semester. College is not in his immediate plans after
graduation, but he plans to work at a restaurant while working on starting his
own. Currently, he works at Glenville Foodland. Outside of school, he has
recently gotten more interested in religion and spends a lot of time praying. He
also enjoys learning about world history. Through this semester's job shadowing,
he hopes to meet more people who could influence his future and learn more about
their positions.

In conclusion, Dr. Corcoran states, "These high school and college job shadowing
experiences offer students a chance to not only learn a little journalism, but
also investigate in what direction they want their lives to go."

Continuing, he adds, "If a student is interested, like Seka, in being a nurse,
she can interview a local one, and get more of an insight into the profession.
It's a win-win situation for the high school and us, so we editors commend
GCHS's officials for creating this program.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GNV

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2015 The Glenville Democrat


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Commercial-News (Danville, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 3, 2009 Wednesday

Covington gets new farmers market

BYLINE: Dennis Bartlow, Commercial-News, Danville, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 561 words


Jun. 3--COVINGTON, Ind. -- Organizers of a new farmers market in Covington hope
that it will draw people to the downtown area.

"It is our hope that people will come downtown and, hopefully, it will be a
social time," said Deb Duncan, one of the organizers for Green Minds Fountain
County.

The first farmers market will be from 4-7 p.m. EDT Friday on the northeast
corner of the courthouse square.

"We want people to be able to get homegrown products," Duncan said. "There will
be bakery items, eggs and informational items."

There is no registration needed or fee.

Duncan said downtown businesses plan to stay open Friday nights.

"We may eventually expand with some music," she said. "We want it to be a
park-like atmosphere."

Duncan remembers when downtowns came alive on Friday nights with everyone went
to town to shop.

"I would love to see families come downtown," Duncan said. "I think gardening is
on the minds of many people now."

Linda McGurk said she hopes the farmers market will give people another reason
to go downtown.

"I think with some promotion and with everything open around the square, it
gives people several reasons to go downtown," she said. "We believe this will be
a great opportunity for people in Covington and the surrounding area to access
fresh, healthy foods produced by local farmers."

Eventually, the organizers would also like the market to be a venue for special
events and seminars on topics like gardening, health, local foods and living
green.

"Part of the idea is to bring downtown to life with a family-friendly atmosphere
on Friday evenings," McGurk said. "The market will probably start on a small
scale, since it's still early in the growing season, but we hope it will expand
and get a loyal following."

McGurk feels this is a good time for another farmers market.

"This is also an economic development issue. Every dollar that we spend locally
supports our farming families and keeps circulating in the community instead of
being sent out-of-state," McGurk said.

The Covington Business Association started a farmers market on Friday mornings
six or seven years ago in the area north of Fountain Trust Co. on Third Street,
and that market plans to continue.

"We will continue it," said Patty Brewer, who oversees the current market. "It
has been very successful. We have as many as eight to 10 vendors."

Brewer is not sure that both markets can survive, but they may serve different
audiences.

"Some people drive up and tell the vendors what they want and never leave their
car," Brewer said.

The CBA discussed the market at its meeting Tuesday.

"They didn't discourage (continuing it)," she said. "We will continue. I wish
(the new group) well."

FAST FACTS

Green Minds Fountain County is sponsoring a farmers market from 4-7 p.m. EDT
Fridays on the northeast corner of the courthouse square. For additional
information, contact Deb Duncan at (765) 793-2322, Linda McGurk at (765)
793-0176 or K. Hunter at (765) 793-4609.

To see more of the Commercial-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://commercial-news.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Commercial-News, Danville, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090603-DQ-Covington-gets-new-farmers-market-0603

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DQ


                                 Copyright 2009


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            March 26, 2014 Wednesday

'Market fruit, veges cheaper'

BYLINE: Matt Stewart

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 481 words


Buying fruit and veges at a market instead of a supermarket could save a family
of four up to $49 a week, a study has found.

Researchers from the University of Otago in Wellington put together a
hypothetical weekly shopping basket for two adults and two children, based on an
ideal intake of fruit and veges, and compared more than 3000 prices at various
shops.

They found the basket at a market cost $76, considerably less than the nearest
rival, an online supermarket, at $113 - and even then they warned that delivery
charges could push that price up.

The most expensive option - at $138 - was farmers' markets, which sell only
locally grown produce. That was despite about about a third of their produce,
including cauliflower, silverbeet, spinach, cucumber and pumpkin, being much
cheaper than in supermarkets.

The study also found a mild "halo effect" around markets that operated near
supermarkets: their cheaper produce drove the cost of fruit and veges down at
the big grocery chains.

Two farmers' markets in Christchurch and Wellington's Hill St farmers' markets,
as well as Harbourside, Victoria St, Newtown and Porirua markets, were used in
the comparison. The supermarkets were not identified.

Harbourside Market manager Fraser Ebbett said the findings came as no surprise.
Weekend markets were attractive because produce was cheaper and the shopping
experience often involved entertainment and stalls selling hot food and other
wares.

Harbourside Market runs across the road from New World Chaffers Park in central
Wellington, and Ebbett said word of mouth reports suggested nearby supermarkets
dropped their prices on market days. "I absolutely understand that - they adjust
their prices to compete."

The study found supermarkets near markets cut their prices markedly at weekends,
compared with midweek, and were more likely to discount low-price items. The
reason for this was unknown, study co-author Anna Pearson said.

Antoinette Shallue, spokeswoman for Foodstuffs, which owns the New World and Pak
'n Save chains, said the company did not cut prices to compete with street
markets or farmers' markets. Weekend promotions were often added when there was
a surplus of produce from suppliers, and Foodstuffs' customer feedback suggested
quality at street markets was not as good as at a supermarket, she said.

The university study did not control for quality.

Study co-author Nick Wilson suggested central and local governments could play a
part in making it easier for low-income families to buy healthy produce such as
fruit and vegetables.

States in the United States gave produce market vouchers to poorer people, he
said. "If these are usable at markets, then this can help support local growers
as well - so it can be good for regional employment."

Another approach was for local government to boost support for produce markets,
by such measures as providing free stall space.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Midhurst and Petworth Observer

                           September 21, 2015 Monday

Last bid to save Petworth farmer's market

LENGTH: 478  words


PETWORTH town councillors are making a last ditch attempt to save and revitalise
the town's monthly farmer's market.

The market held in High Street, has been described as being in a downward
spiral'.

It is not supported by High Street traders because they say their own trade
slumps every time it is held as stalls overshadow shop businesses, hiding them
from shoppers.

Michael Peet, who is also a member of the Petworth Business Association told
fellow members of the town council: "In addition, all drivers see at the moment
when they come to town on market day is a bunch of road closed' signs which is
marketing suicide."

Traders are calling for the market to be moved to Market Square for a trial
period in an attempt to attract more stallholders and customers.

And town councillors are meeting officers of Chichester District Council (CDC),
who run the market in a final attempt to persuade them to help the town improve
it.

If they are unable to get the trial town councillors will decide whether they
want to continue or, as Midhurst did, two years ago, axe the market completely.

The farmer's market has been in decline for several years with the number of
stallholders plummeting to just 11 last month, despite, claimed town
councillors, a promotion on CDC's website claiming there were 24 stallholders.

Chairman of the council Chris Kemp told councillors that a recent meeting with
CDC officers to discuss the future of the market had proved neither negative or
positive'.

And town councillors were later told it was too expensive for CDC to move the
market.

But, he said, after a plea to CDC's rural town coordinator Melanie Burgoyne who
was helping develop Petworth through the town vision' another meeting was being
held with Steve Oates, head of rural economy and development.

"I believe people have an appetite to make it an better market," said Mr Peet,
"and I think we should work with the traders and CDC to make it better."

But he added: "I vote for no market if it stays where it is."

Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.

Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's
going on.

1) Make our website your homepage at {http://www.midhurstandpetworth.co.uk/|
www.midhurstandpetworth.co.uk/ | www.midhurstandpetworth.co.uk/}

2) Like our Facebook page at
{https://www.facebook.com/MidhurstandPetworthObserver |
www.facebook.com/MidhurstandPetworthObserver|
www.facebook.com/MidhurstandPetworthObserver}

3) Follow us on Twitter {https://twitter.com/mid_pet_obs | @mid_pet_obs |
@mid_pet_obs}

4) Register with us by clicking on sign in' (top right corner). You can then
receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read
here.

And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!

The Midhurst and Petworth Observer - always the first with your local news.

Be part of it.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPMO


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Nelson Mail (New Zealand)

                            March 26, 2014 Wednesday

Fruit, vege cheaper at markets, study

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 520 words


Buying fruit and veges at a market instead of a supermarket could save a family
of four up to $49 a week, a new study has found.

Researchers from the University of Otago in Wellington put together a
hypothetical weekly shopping basket for two adults and two children, based on an
ideal intake of fruit and veges, and compared more than 3000 prices at various
shops.

They found the basket at a market cost $76, considerably less than the nearest
rival, an online supermarket, at $113 - and even then they warned that delivery
charges could push that price up.

The most expensive option - at $138 - was farmers' markets, which sell only
locally grown produce. That was despite about a third of their produce,
including cauliflower, silverbeet, spinach, cucumber and pumpkin, being much
cheaper than in supermarkets.

The study also found a mild "halo effect" around markets that operated near
supermarkets: their cheaper produce drove the cost of fruit and veges down at
the big grocery chains.

Wellington's Hill St farmers' markets, as well as Harbourside, Victoria St,
Newtown and Porirua markets, and two farmers' markets in Christchurch, were used
in the comparison. The supermarkets were not identified.

Harbourside Market manager Fraser Ebbett said the findings came as no surprise.
Weekend markets were attractive because produce was cheaper and the shopping
experience often involved entertainment and stalls selling hot food and other
wares.

Harbourside Market runs across the road from New World Chaffers Park in central
Wellington, and Mr Ebbett said word of mouth reports suggested nearby
supermarkets dropped their prices on market days.

"I absolutely understand that - they adjust their prices to compete."

The study found supermarkets near markets cut their prices markedly at weekends,
compared with midweek, and were more likely to discount low-price items. The
reason for this was unknown, study co-author Anna Pearson said.

Antoinette Shallue, spokeswoman for Foodstuffs, which owns the New World and Pak
'n Save chains, said the company did not cut prices to compete with street
markets or farmers' markets.

Weekend promotions were often added when there was a surplus of produce from
suppliers, and Foodstuffs' customer feedback suggested quality at street markets
was not as good as at a supermarket, she said.

The university study did not control for quality.

Study co-author Nick Wilson suggested central and local governments could play a
part in making it easier for low-income families to buy healthy produce such as
fruit and vegetables.

States in the United States gave produce market vouchers to poorer people, he
said.

"If these are usable at markets, then this can help support local growers as
well - so it can be good for regional employment."

Another approach was for local government to boost support for produce markets,
by such measures as providing free stall space. Fairfax NZ

--------------------

CAPTION:

Shopping for a bargain: A new study shows shopping for fruit and veges at
markets, like Nelson's market, can offer considerable weekly savings over
supermarkets.

Picture: MARTIN DE RUYTER/FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             August 5, 2007 Sunday

Carroll County pushes for local produce

BYLINE: CARRIE ANN KNAUER; Carroll County Times

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 497  words


Mary Jo Piarote and her daughter Kate try to visit the Carroll County Farmers'
Market and the Downtown Westminster Farmers' Market every week for their fresh
produce.

"We're around agricultural people, and we think it's important to support them,"
Ms. Piarote said.

And while she can't get everything she needs for the week all on Saturday, she
stops at a roadside stand to pick up the extras she needs during the week in the
summer, helping her family have local food in their diet every day of the week,
she said

With that much practice, Ms. Piarote should have no problem meeting "The Buy
Local Challenge" that the Carroll County government has issued its residents.

From Saturday through Aug. 11, residents are encouraged to branch out and try
local foods and support local farmers - and to pledge to eat at least one item
from a local farm every day during Buy Local Week.

The Southern Maryland Agricultural Development Commission devised the challenge,
based on its own challenge held from July 21 to 28, said Gabe Zepp, county
agriculture development specialist.

Mr. Zepp said he learned of the promotion a few months ago through a meeting
with other agriculture marketing professionals.

"We'll start small this year and hopefully take some bigger steps next year," he
said.

The county sent tabletop displays about the challenge, as well as information on
local farmers' markets, to the local markets and farm stands, he said.

Many Carroll County shoppers are familiar with the farmers' markets and buying
local fruits and vegetables, Mr. Zepp said.

He said the challenge will highlight other county agricultural products, such as
meat, eggs, honey, baked goods, jams, wine and other foods.

"You can find a lot of different things," he said.

And by buying these foods locally and directly from the farmer, shoppers are
supporting the local economy and helping to keep Carroll County rural, Mr. Zepp
said.

"Local produce is not always in the local grocery stores," he said. "Buying
local, you have the opportunity to ask farmers how the product was grown,
raised, harvested, whatever."

Patti and Michael Blake of Westminster said they recently rediscovered the
farmers' market after a friend raved about the fresh fruits and vegetables she
has been getting. After two weeks of making an effort to shop local again, the
two said they've been impressed with the quality they've seen.

"And you get to try things you don't normally find in stores," Ms. Blake said.

To learn more about local farmers' markets, farm stands and food producers in
Carroll, visit the county's agriculture Web site at www.carrollag.org. Why Buy
Local Buying local food means less time between when the food was harvested and
when it gets to your table.

Local food requires less packaging and travel shorter distances, reducing waste
and pollution.

Local food is more nutritious because food loses vitamins and minerals as it
ages.

It supports the local economy.

---

Source: Southern Maryland Agricultural Development Commission

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2007 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Wexford Echo

                                  June 7, 2012

Appetite for sizzling food

SECTION: ENERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 404 words


THE APPETISING aroma of sizzling good food fills the air and intensifies the
curiosity it is all part of the atmosphere at the Farmer's Market and then there
is the unique contact with the producer, the ultimate in traceability.

The Strawberry Fest was founded on the promotion of the delicious little red
fruit grown at its best in the south-east, and now it is time to broaden the
menu.

It was almost predictable that strawberries would feature strongly on the menu
at the 5th annual All Ireland Farmer's Market Competition and in the rainy
surroundings of Abbey Square last Sunday afternoon, David Anderson, representing
Riverside Park Hotel, became the inaugural winner of the Jim Murphy Perpetual
Memorial Trophy for the 'best strawberry dessert.'

About 45 competitors exhibited excellent food and strongly promoted this event,
which attracted good crowds despite wet and unseasonal conditions.

The judges were Paolo Tullio, resident critic on RTE's popular show, 'The
Restaurant' and Biddy White-Lennon, a food expert better known for her earlier
career as 'Maggie' in RTE's early soap series, 'The Riordans.'

"The standard was quite extraordinary," said Paolo, who admitted that it was
difficult to make a decision and he commended the organisers for having such an
event.

Paolo said; "Farmer's markets are really important." He pointed out the
importance of contact with the people by those with a passion for food
production.

"The farmers' markets are the way of the future and well done to everybody here
today," he stated. The overall winner was Curraghchase Farm from Kilcornan, Co.
Limerick, breeders of rare pigs and producers of quality ham, rashers and black
and white puddings.

Caroline Rigney, who shares the operation with her husband, Joe, said she was
"thrilled with the prize" and admitted that she enjoys coming to Enniscorthy.

Runner-up was Wild About Food, (Fiona Faulkner).

Four 'special merit' awards were on the menu and they went to Zanna Cookhouse,
(Owen Mullins), from Wexford, last year's overall winner; Tastefully Yours,
Waterford; Ballyhoura Apple Farm, (Maurice Gilbert), from Cork, and Quarrymount
Farm, (Ray Dunne), Co. Offaly.

Cllr. Jackser Owens, Chairman of Enniscorthy Town Council, representatives of
the Co. Wexford Executive of IFA, and various sponsors attended the prizegiving
ceremony.

The regular Farmer's Market takes place every Saturday morning at Abbey Square,
beside the pleasant Slaney.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Wexford Echo

                                  June 7, 2012

Appetite for sizzling food

SECTION: ENERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 404  words


THE APPETISING aroma of sizzling good food fills the air and intensifies the
curiosity it is all part of the atmosphere at the Farmer's Market and then there
is the unique contact with the producer, the ultimate in traceability.

The Strawberry Fest was founded on the promotion of the delicious little red
fruit grown at its best in the south-east, and now it is time to broaden the
menu.

It was almost predictable that strawberries would feature strongly on the menu
at the 5th annual All Ireland Farmer's Market Competition and in the rainy
surroundings of Abbey Square last Sunday afternoon, David Anderson, representing
Riverside Park Hotel, became the inaugural winner of the Jim Murphy Perpetual
Memorial Trophy for the 'best strawberry dessert.'

About 45 competitors exhibited excellent food and strongly promoted this event,
which attracted good crowds despite wet and unseasonal conditions.

The judges were Paolo Tullio, resident critic on RTE's popular show, 'The
Restaurant' and Biddy White-Lennon, a food expert better known for her earlier
career as 'Maggie' in RTE's early soap series, 'The Riordans.'

"The standard was quite extraordinary," said Paolo, who admitted that it was
difficult to make a decision and he commended the organisers for having such an
event.

Paolo said; "Farmer's markets are really important." He pointed out the
importance of contact with the people by those with a passion for food
production.

"The farmers' markets are the way of the future and well done to everybody here
today," he stated. The overall winner was Curraghchase Farm from Kilcornan, Co.
Limerick, breeders of rare pigs and producers of quality ham, rashers and black
and white puddings.

Caroline Rigney, who shares the operation with her husband, Joe, said she was
"thrilled with the prize" and admitted that she enjoys coming to Enniscorthy.

Runner-up was Wild About Food, (Fiona Faulkner).

Four 'special merit' awards were on the menu and they went to Zanna Cookhouse,
(Owen Mullins), from Wexford, last year's overall winner; Tastefully Yours,
Waterford; Ballyhoura Apple Farm, (Maurice Gilbert), from Cork, and Quarrymount
Farm, (Ray Dunne), Co. Offaly.

Cllr. Jackser Owens, Chairman of Enniscorthy Town Council, representatives of
the Co. Wexford Executive of IFA, and various sponsors attended the prizegiving
ceremony.

The regular Farmer's Market takes place every Saturday morning at Abbey Square,
beside the pleasant Slaney.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Guardian Express (Perth, Australia)

                           February 19, 2013 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

A NORTH Perth parent body is calling on the City of Vincent to support the
launch of a Saturday farmers market in Kyilla Park.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 368  words


The Kyilla Primary School P&C lodged a 106-strong petition, with a letter from
Perth MLA John Hyde, requesting council back the community project.

The weekly event would be held from 8.30am to 11.30am and include about 40
market stalls.

Kyilla Community Farmers Market co-ordinator Carli Keane said it would allow
local farmers to bring fresh produce direct from the land to the community.

Effectively bringing produce from the paddock to the plate, she said. The Kyilla
Community Farmers Market aims to deliver seasonally available, local and
farm-fresh produce including fruit and vegetables, meat and fish, bread and
baked goods, dairy, honey, oils, and coffee.

Ms Keane said two stalls would also be available free of charge for fundraising
by the P&C and local not-for-profit groups, such as sporting clubs, local
schools and community groups, as well as one for local businesses for promotion.

She said all proceeds raised from operating the market would provide educational
resources and learning programs for Kyilla students, while profits from sales
would go back into the farmers pockets.

The students may also be given a vital lesson in economics, being urged to grow
their own produce to bring to market.

There may also be the opportunity for farmers to be involved in classrooms and
the schools vegetable gardens, she said.

She said signatures for the petition had been gathered in just one week and were
submitted with their application earlier this month as an indication of strong
support for the project.

Support has come naturally as the community are excited about local fresh
produce, and particularly excited about it being available in walking distance
of their homes, she said.

The market will bring people together through walking to and around the site,
talking to each other, recognising familiar faces at the market and then around
the City, and sharing a cup of coffee.

Mr Hyde said activities like a farmers market added vibrancy to local
neighbourhoods.

Vincent Mayor Alannah MacTiernan said there appeared to be a lot of enthusiasm
from the local community judging from the addresses on the petition provided.
The City is assessing the application with a report to go before council next
month.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CGE


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                            March 28, 2001 Wednesday

Downtown farmers market revived

SECTION: FOOD, Pg. 13

LENGTH: 582 words


It looks like Springfield's downtown farmers market will be revived this year.

Tentative plans are for the event - called the Old Capitol Farmers Market - to
be open from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Wednesdays and Saturdays from May 30 through
October 31.

The market - a cooperative venture between the City of Springfield and Downtown
Springfield - will occupy two blocks adjacent to the Old State Capitol. Vendors
who sell from trucks, vans and trailers will occupy space on the Fifth Street
side; vehicles will park diagonally along the east side of the street. Sellers
with stands and tables will be allowed to sell on the newly renovated south side
plaza.

"This is a strategy for bringing life and vitality downtown," says Valecia
Crisafulli of Downtown Springfield.

"We want locally produced jams and jellies, honey, flowers, some baked goods
with restrictions, farm crafts and dried flower arrangements," she says. In
addition to fresh fruits, vegetables and herbs, the market is hoping to offer
items like plants, gourds, cider, molasses and caramel corn.

Prohibited items would include meat, fish, poultry, live animals, mushrooms,
most eggs, baked goods that require refrigeration (such as cream or
meringue-topped pies), home-canned foods and home-prepared sandwiches.

Goods must be made or grown in Illinois. Reselling will not be allowed.

Details are still being worked out. The city is drafting an ordinance outlining
market procedures and rules. That ordinance is expected to be introduced at a
city council meeting in April, says Springfield Public Works Director Jim
Reinhart.

The cost of a permit is still uncertain, but there are plans to allow for a
weekly permit.

In the past, only full-season permits at a cost of $100 were offered, which
discouraged occasional sellers as well as those with a single crop- like
asparagus, strawberries and apples - not harvested for the full summer season.

The pedestrian-dense south plaza had been the site of a thriving farmers market
for many years, but vendors were banished in 1985 because the weight of their
vehicles was damaging the surface bricks and sewer lines underneath.

Since then, the market has shifted to a couple of other locations, but both
sellers and buyers gradually abandoned the effort.

Farmers have maintained they need a location with lots of foot traffic, as well
as permission to sell directly from their trucks. They contend it would be
unreasonable for the city to expect them to lug corn, apples and watermelon from
their trucks to a booth or stand.

Having the market on Wednesdays and Saturdays appears to be a reasonable
compromise between sellers, eager to target the weekday work force, and the
city, which wants to attract people downtown on weekends.

"I feel Saturdays won't be very good, but time will tell," says Shirley Gregory
of Jacksonville. She has sold her produce at Jacksonville's farmers market at
Lincoln Square Shopping Center for 24 years and is interesting in selling at the
Springfield market as well.

The city council has budgeted $5,000 to promote the Old Capitol Farmers Market.
Crisafulli says a full-scale promotion and advertising campaign will start later
this spring.

Prospective vendors, city officials and Downtown Springfield staff met several
times during the winter to work out the plan.

Three vendors have already applied for permits. Others interested in
participating are asked to contact Downtown Springfield at 544-1723.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Herald Sun (Melbourne, Australia)

                              July 6, 2004 Tuesday

Market forces

BYLINE: MICHELE CURTIS

SECTION: CITYSTYLE; Pg. S10

LENGTH: 644 words


Fresh produce markets are becoming community focal points in the city, too,
writes MICHELE CURTIS

IT IS bitterly cold at St Kilda's Peanut Oval, just behind Luna Park, at 6am on
Saturday. That doesn't stop trucks, trailers and cars pulling up to unload
fruit, vegetables, poultry, bread, oils and honey in preparation for another
farmers' market.

The Veg Out market has been operating on the fourth Saturday of each month for
five months and, according to manager Miranda Sharp, it is growing in size and
variety.

It has a strong following among locals, who fill their environmentally friendly
bags and trolleys with farm-fresh organic fruit and vegetables, Milawa chicken,
smoked eels, bagels, sourdough bread, free-range eggs, nuts, cheese and pizza
straight from a wood-fired oven.

Sharp, who also runs the Collingwood Children's Farm farmers' market, says the
Veg Out market is a first for residents south of the city.

"They love to come and talk to the producers and meet the maker/grower of their
dinner," she says.

This is the farmers' market philosophy - only those who make it, breed it or
grow it can sell at a market.

Often family members, such as the Farandas from Werribee, take turns at running
the stalls. Trish Faranda, who with brothers Joe and Tony runs Faranda Growers'
stalls at several farmers' markets around the city, says the beauty of the
market is that she can talk to the consumer directly.

"They come back and tell me exactly what they cooked with my produce and how
much they enjoyed it," she says.

Russell Mickle from Milawa Free-Range Chickens tells a similar story.

"We come to the market to promote our products and increase customer awareness.
Now we have people ringing up and placing an order to be picked up at the market
- that's fantastic," he says.

Eva Mikesic, who with partner Cidalia Pires makes traditional East Timorese
chilli and sate sauces under the name Fire in a Bottle, says the market is an
encouraging place to get a small business off the ground.

"There is lots of support from other stall-holders... there's that beautiful,
community type of feeling."

But the best thing are the people who go there.

"We always get the best feedback," Eva says.

Farmers' markets aim to sell produce regional to that area. That means you won't
find bananas in Victoria, for instance, but regular customers attest that the
quality of produce is excellent, the pricing good and the honesty of the growers
impeccable.

The market is also a social place - hang around by the coffee stall for a short
time and you'll see why.

The growth has been enormous across Australia. Twenty-seven farmers' markets
have started in Victoria, since the first was established in South Gippsland
three years ago.

If there isn't one near you, chances are there soon will be.

For more information on Victorian Farmers' Markets visit
www.farmersmarkets.org.au  The site has information on all Australian markets
and tells you how to set up your own.

What is a farmers' market?

A farmers' market is predominantly a fresh food market. It operates regularly
within a community, at a focal public location where farmers and food producers
can sell farm-originated and associated value-added processed food products
directly to customers.

Top 10 local farmers' markets

1. Bendigo Showgrounds, 2nd Sat each month

2. Boroondara, Patterson Reserve, Auburn Rd, Melbourne, 3rd Sat

3. Cardinia Ranges, Pakenham Racecourse, 2nd Sat

4. Central Murray, Harcourt, 1st, 3rd and 5th Sat

5. Collingwood Children Farm, St Helliers St, Abbotsford, 2nd Sat

6. Hume Murray, Gateway Island Albury, Wodonga every 2nd Sat

7. Lancefield District Market, Lancefield, 4th Sat

8. Geelong, Little Malop St, 2nd Sat

9. South Gippsland, Memorial Park Koonwarra, 1st Sat

10. Yarra Valley, Yering Station, 3rd Sun

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS

                   Copyright 2004 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            January 7, 2016 Thursday

Window shopping

SECTION:

LENGTH: 517 words


Grant program offers fundsThe 2016 Oklahoma Grown Farmers' Market Specialty Crop
Grant program has $55,000 available in grant money for growers to help market
their businesses.&nbsp;Grant applications for the Oklahoma Department of
Agriculture, Food and Forestry grants must be postmarked by Jan. 29.The program
emphasizes advertising and marketing. Grants up to $3,500 are available for
markets that have been registered with the state as an Oklahoma Grown Farmers'
Market for the last three consecutive years.The grants can be funded up to a
maximum of $2,000 for markets that were not registered for the last three
consecutive years.Grant funds may be used for specialty crop signage, marketing
promotion, advertising and newsletter publishing.&nbsp;For more information and
grant forms, call Ashley Bender at 522-4330.&nbsp;Walmart market to open soonA
Walmart Neighborhood Market at&nbsp;SW 134 and Santa Fe Avenue is scheduled to
open by the end of January.&nbsp;"We're just about ready -&nbsp;stocking the
shelves and preparing to open our doors," store manager Paul Engelken said.

"We're gearing up to make a difference in our store and in the Oklahoma City
community."The 41,000-square-foot Walmart Neighborhood Market is at 13503 S
Santa Fe.Tractor Supply Co. marks openingPIEDMONT - A new Tractor Supply Co.
store will celebrate its grand opening&nbsp;Saturday at&nbsp;13125 Colony Pointe
Blvd. The Piedmont store opened for business Jan. 2.The 19,097-square-foot
Piedmont location is Tractor Supply's 56th store in Oklahoma and employs 14
people.Tractor Supply is the largest rural lifestyle retail store chain in the
United States and has been operating in Oklahoma since 1996.&nbsp;To celebrate
the grand opening of the store, shoppers will receive 10 percent off their first
purchase, up to $100, from Jan. 7-10, and can enter to win prizes including
store gift cards, pet feed, clothing, power tools and a 22-ton log
splitter.&nbsp;The grand opening event Saturday will feature a petting zoo, a
hot dog trailer and the Express Clydesdales.Olive Garden remodels sitesOlive
Garden has completed the remodels of its south Oklahoma City, Quail Springs and
Norman restaurant locations.The&nbsp;restaurants' updated designs showcase Olive
Garden's new logo and other new features.&nbsp;Olive Garden donated furnishings
from the redesigned restaurants to local Habitat for Humanity ReStore outlets,
which use funds to build Habitat homes in local communities.

The South Oklahoma City Olive Garden is at 2321 W Interstate 240 Service Road,
the Quail Springs Olive Garden is at 2639 W Memorial and the Norman Olive Garden
is located at 117 Ed Noble Parkway.&nbsp;Smoothie King opens in EdmondEDMOND - A
new Smoothie King is now open at 1585 S Broadway.Born and raised in Louisiana,
Smoothie King franchisee George Kruger grew up as a neighbor to the Smoothie
King brand.When his daughter moved to Norman to attend the University of
Oklahoma, George and his wife, Amanda, packed their bags and moved to Oklahoma
City to be closer to their daughter and open their first Smoothie King.From
Staff Reports

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            January 7, 2016 Thursday

Window shopping

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 517 words


Grant program offers fundsThe 2016 Oklahoma Grown Farmers' Market Specialty Crop
Grant program has $55,000 available in grant money for growers to help market
their businesses.&nbsp;Grant applications for the Oklahoma Department of
Agriculture, Food and Forestry grants must be postmarked by Jan. 29.The program
emphasizes advertising and marketing. Grants up to $3,500 are available for
markets that have been registered with the state as an Oklahoma Grown Farmers'
Market for the last three consecutive years.The grants can be funded up to a
maximum of $2,000 for markets that were not registered for the last three
consecutive years.Grant funds may be used for specialty crop signage, marketing
promotion, advertising and newsletter publishing.&nbsp;For more information and
grant forms, call Ashley Bender at 522-4330.&nbsp;Walmart market to open soonA
Walmart Neighborhood Market at&nbsp;SW 134 and Santa Fe Avenue is scheduled to
open by the end of January.&nbsp;"We're just about ready -&nbsp;stocking the
shelves and preparing to open our doors," store manager Paul Engelken said.

"We're gearing up to make a difference in our store and in the Oklahoma City
community."The 41,000-square-foot Walmart Neighborhood Market is at 13503 S
Santa Fe.Tractor Supply Co. marks openingPIEDMONT - A new Tractor Supply Co.
store will celebrate its grand opening&nbsp;Saturday at&nbsp;13125 Colony Pointe
Blvd. The Piedmont store opened for business Jan. 2.The 19,097-square-foot
Piedmont location is Tractor Supply's 56th store in Oklahoma and employs 14
people.Tractor Supply is the largest rural lifestyle retail store chain in the
United States and has been operating in Oklahoma since 1996.&nbsp;To celebrate
the grand opening of the store, shoppers will receive 10 percent off their first
purchase, up to $100, from Jan. 7-10, and can enter to win prizes including
store gift cards, pet feed, clothing, power tools and a 22-ton log
splitter.&nbsp;The grand opening event Saturday will feature a petting zoo, a
hot dog trailer and the Express Clydesdales.Olive Garden remodels sitesOlive
Garden has completed the remodels of its south Oklahoma City, Quail Springs and
Norman restaurant locations.The&nbsp;restaurants' updated designs showcase Olive
Garden's new logo and other new features.&nbsp;Olive Garden donated furnishings
from the redesigned restaurants to local Habitat for Humanity ReStore outlets,
which use funds to build Habitat homes in local communities.The South Oklahoma
City Olive Garden is at 2321 W Interstate 240 Service Road, the Quail Springs
Olive Garden is at 2639 W Memorial and the Norman Olive Garden is located at 117
Ed Noble Parkway.&nbsp;Smoothie King opens in EdmondEDMOND - A new Smoothie King
is now open at 1585 S Broadway.Born and raised in Louisiana, Smoothie King
franchisee George Kruger grew up as a neighbor to the Smoothie King brand.When
his daughter moved to Norman to attend the University of Oklahoma, George and
his wife, Amanda, packed their bags and moved to Oklahoma City to be closer to
their daughter and open their first Smoothie King.From Staff Reports

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times (Munster, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 15, 2013 Saturday

Local farmers markets provide a link between customer, farmer

BYLINE: Susan Erler, The Times, Munster, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 502 words


June 15--A fixture at the Hobart Summer Market, Phyllis Verduzco fields all
kinds of questions from customers, from whether her produce is organic to how to
prepare the homegrown zucchini.

More than anything, "they want to know how local we are," Verduzco said.

Those types of exchanges between grower and consumer are exactly what produce
growers hope for as farmers markets grow in popularity, said Porter County
Extension Director Annetta Jones.

The number of farmers markets nationwide increased to 7,864 in 2012, from 1,755
in 1994, according to information from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

"One of the reasons it's great and that we promote locally grown foods is
because we're encouraging consumers to know the farmer that grows the foods,"
Jones said. "Even the USDA is promoting get-to-know-the-farmer and to use those
farm markets as a way to do that."

Food is at its most nutritious when it is freshest, Jones said. "If it is coming
from local markets, they often pick it the morning it comes to market."

One of the benefits "is that if you know the farmer, the farmer is more
receptive, more aware of what the consumer wants," Jones said.

The variety of produce grown by Javier Verduzco, Phyllis's husband, has expanded
and changed over the years to meet customers' demands, Phyllis Verduzco said.

Recently, they added lima beans and crowder peas -- along with larger-sized
yellow watermelons -- to the variety of produce grown on the 5 acres Javier
Verduzco farms in Hobart, not far from the city's Summer Market.

Javier Verduzco plants the seeds indoors starting in January, and as the crops
ripen starting in June, he picks them the night before or early morning of the
Summer Market, held from 2 to 7 p.m. on Thursdays at Festival Park, 111 E. Old
Ridge Road in Hobart.

"If they ask for it, we will grow it if we can," Phyllis Verduzco said.

A farmers market boot camp held earlier this year in LaPorte County trained
farmers in the use of social media to help promote their business and honed
skills needed to work directly with customers, said LaPorte County Extension
economic and community development educator Mary Foell.

"There are more farmers that are thinking about promoting their product through
other than just word of mouth," Foell said. "Consumers are looking not only for
the freshest product, but also for something they know is reliable and for
different kinds of produce."

Shawn Sonnerburg, markets manager for Frank Farms, of Berrien Center, Mich.,
brings fresh fruit and vegetables to the Miller Beach Farmers Market, 667 S.
Lake St. in Gary, and to six other markets in Chicago.

The farm's strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, apples and other fruits are a
big draw for customers, Sonnerburg said.

"People are wanting to eat healthier than they had in the past," Sonnerburg
said. "They want to get personal, to learn from the farmers what's going on."

___ (c)2013 The Times (Munster, Ind.) Visit The Times (Munster, Ind.) at
www.nwitimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130615-MU-Local-farmers-markets
-provide-a-link-between-customer-farmer-20130615

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MU


                            Copyright 2013 The Times


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Herald Express (Torquay)

                                October 21, 2005

Farmers' market rescue mission

BYLINE: J. OHN BAKER

SECTION: News; Politics; LocalGovernment; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 545 words


Teignmouth councillors are to work with traders to help save the town's ailing
farmers' market. They will investigate traders' concerns about the market in
Pellew Arcade, Teign Street.

The move follows reports that some stallholders are staying away because trade
at the fortnightly event is so poor they are not making a profit.

The council's finance and general purposes committee resolved to consider
recently discussed options for relocating the farmers' market to another town
centre site.

But they have told the traders that Pellew Arcade is still their preferred
option following consultation with retailers and local residents.

The council agreed to wholeheartedly encourage the Teignmouth Farmers' Market
Association, which organises the Friday event, to continue operating in Teign
Street while they investigate other options.

In the meantime, town clerk, David Tickell, has been asked to renew the market's
street trading licence.

The council will also revive its sub-committee to oversee and monitor its future
following verbal disagreements between some councillors and irate stallholders.

Committee chairman, Cllr Fred Tooley, was involved in a heated argument with
stallholder Vic Sawdye, of Random Poultry nearly three weeks ago.

Bystanders said the two men nearly came to blows after Cllr Tooley, an ex-boxer,
opposed stallholders moving from Pellew Arcade.

Some traders want to move to The Triangle in the town centre, where they believe
trading conditions would be busier.

Cllr Tooley would prefer them to stay where they are to help regenerate a
quieter area of the town centre.

He is also concerned about the possible threat to the livelihoods of some town
centre retailers.

At Tuesday's meeting, Mr Sawdye said the farmers' market helped to bring people
into Teignmouth and deserved greater support from the town council and local
residents.

"Other traders would benefit from our presence. Some of the retailers in
Teignmouth are coming to us to buy our wares to continue their business," he
said.

The association is hoping to join forces with other farmers' markets in Newton
Abbot and Dawlish on a joint promotion campaign.

But Cllr Sylvia Russell warned that Devon County Council traffic orders could
prove a "major stumbling block" to the market being relocated to the Triangle
area.

Devon County plans to close the Triangle, Waterloo Street and Bank Street to
traffic between 10am and 5pm.

She said that Teign Street was too narrow and congested for the traders to move
out of Pellew Arcade into the road.

"I would ask the traders to keep faith with us. They must stay in Pellew Arcade
while we explore other options." Cllr David Cox proposed an amendment to the
motion, saying that if the Pellew Arcade site failed, the council would work
with the traders to find another location. Councillors accepted this.

He also suggested they improve street signs directing drivers and pedestrians to
the farmers' market.

Cllr Geoff Bladon suggested the association work in tandem with the Teignmouth
Regeneration Project to identify possible relocation sites.

A meeting of the farmers' market sub committee will be arranged shortly to iron
out the difficulties with the traders.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                   © Copyright 2005 Herald Express (Torquay)


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           January 17, 2013 Thursday

Bill would provide tax exemption for Oklahoma agricultural products sold at
farmers markets

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 509  words


State legislation submitted this session would provide a tax exemption for
Oklahoma-grown agricultural products sold directly to consumers at farmers
markets if the transaction is less than $300. State Rep. Larry Glenn, D-Miami,
said his House Bill 1006 was suggested by a constituent who struggles with
paperwork for such a small portion of his normal business operations. If passed,
the legislation would support growing consumer demand for healthier, homegrown
vegetables, fruits, dairy and meat.

But Glenn also said Thursday the proposal could open an unforeseen can of worms.
"People can already sell their products tax-exempt at their farms and homes,"
Glenn said. "If they take their goods to town, they might make $200-$300 selling
them at a small parking lot market, but they still have to keep tax records for
all those little $2 and $3 sales. The guy I was talking to said he does it more
as a hobby than anything. "And I see this as a 'healthy futures' promotion of
healthy foods," he said. "But I guess there's really no end to where you could
go with it," he said. "Basket makers or craftsmen could say they want a piece of
the action, too. " He said he trusted his fellow legislators to argue the finer
points of whether similar benefits could be provided to arts and crafts,
personal services and homemade products sold under the $300 threshold. The
section of state law that HB 1006 would amend already includes dozens of sales
tax exemptions for items such as advertising space in newspapers, supplies used
to raise worms and fish for business, paper napkins and paper cups sold to food
vendors, railroad track spikes manufactured and sold for use in Oklahoma, and
certain computer equipment uses in qualified aircraft maintenance or
manufacturing facilities. Glenn's legislation, if passed, would apply to farmers
markets registered through the Oklahoma Department of Agriculture. Department
spokeswoman Blayne Arthur said that number now stands at 68, up from about 20
just five years ago. The total sales at Oklahoma registered farmers markets in
2012 was $1.3 million, Arthur said. To show support for the farmers market
movement, the Agriculture Department recently started hosting a farmers market
in the agency's parking lot on N. Lincoln Boulevard on Tuesday afternoons, she
said. One of the largest and most well-known farmers markets is held at the
Oklahoma City campus of Oklahoma State University. Market spokeswoman Heather
Kay said the number of participating vendors now exceeds 40 and the program is
looking to expand. The school is paid a small percentage of sales for space,
staff oversight and advertising. "Most of this is their main business," she said
of the vendors. "They may do other things on their farmers, but we are a primary
outlet for their sales to the public. " Kay said consumers are drawn more often
to farmers markets because they feel a closer connection to the source of their
food, confirming where it was grown and speaking directly with producers.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             August 10, 2014 Sunday

[#x2028]

BYLINE: Tim Landis Business Editor

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 607 words


Wanted for farmers markets: more farmers.

In a state dominated by corn and soybeans, backers of local markets are pushing
to attract growers of fruits, vegetables and other specialty products. There are
more than 350 farmers markets in Illinois, compared with 280 five years ago and
fewer than 100 in 2000, according to state figures.

Springfield has four with the addition of a west side market this summer.

"Chicago is driving the local food trend because of the population base," said
Pat Stieren, executive director of the Illinois Farmers Market Association.
"About half of the markets are now in Chicago and Cook County.

"There is a real need for more farmers," Stieren said.

One of the association's strategies, she said, is expansion of Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program purchases at farmers markets. The federally funded
SNAP program, formerly known as food stamps, aids low-income families with food
costs.

Stieren said only about one-third of farmers markets participate in SNAP. She
said Springfield is among the markets where the program has worked well after
some initial resistance. SNAP recipients purchase tokens that are exchanged for
products.

Vendors submit the tokens at the end of the selling day to local market
managers, who handle the processing.

"Otherwise, farmers have to have their own machine," Stieren said.

Making the rounds

Grower Ken Knoles has made three farmers market stops a week for years -- two in
Springfield and one in Urbana -- with plants from Knoles Garden & Greenhouse in
Mason City, about 40 miles north of Springfield.

Knoles has other invitations, he said Wednesday at the Old Capitol Farmers
Market in downtown Springfield. The options have expanded dramatically, Knoles
said, from when he began selling through farmers markets more than four decades
ago.

"I can only do so much," he said, "and if I'm at the farmers markets, I'm not
getting things done back at the greenhouse."

Numbers can be difficult to track when it comes to farmers markets, especially
for smaller markets, said Kendra Schilling, manager of the bureau of marketing
and promotions at the Illinois Department of Agriculture.

She said 350 is down some from 2013 as a result of markets that closed or
merged, but the demand for locally grown foods has continued to increase.

"We don't have a demand problem; it's definitely a supply problem," Schilling
said.

Numbers fluctuate year to year, Schilling said, but have mostly remained on the
rise. Selling at farmers markets also is a major investment, she said.

"A lot of people like to start small," Schilling said.

Labor intensive

Vegetable sales totaled $168.5 million in Illinois in 2012, according to the
U.S. Department of Agriculture, while sales of fruits and nuts totaled $26.3
million. By comparison, corn produced $10.6 billion in sales and soybeans $5.4
billion.

The challenge, said program director Lindsay Record of the Illinois Stewardship
Alliance, is to find a niche for produce in the expanse of corn and soybeans.
The alliance promotes local food production and sustainable agriculture.

"You drive down the highway, you don't see big fields of melons and tomatoes,"
Record said. "It's slow growth. Farmers have to make the choice."

Consumer demand for fresh produce has driven the increase in farmers markets,
she said, including increased sales through supermarket chains. Noting the four
farmers markets in Springfield, Record said she still sees room for growth.

"Farmers markets are very labor intensive," Record said. "Part of the challenge
is finding the right market."

Contact Tim Landis: 788-1536, tim.landis@sj-r.com, twitter.com/timlandisSJR.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             August 10, 2014 Sunday

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 607 words


Wanted for farmers markets: more farmers.

In a state dominated by corn and soybeans, backers of local markets are pushing
to attract growers of fruits, vegetables and other specialty products. There are
more than 350 farmers markets in Illinois, compared with 280 five years ago and
fewer than 100 in 2000, according to state figures.

Springfield has four with the addition of a west side market this summer.

"Chicago is driving the local food trend because of the population base," said
Pat Stieren, executive director of the Illinois Farmers Market Association.
"About half of the markets are now in Chicago and Cook County.

"There is a real need for more farmers," Stieren said.

One of the association's strategies, she said, is expansion of Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program purchases at farmers markets. The federally funded
SNAP program, formerly known as food stamps, aids low-income families with food
costs.

Stieren said only about one-third of farmers markets participate in SNAP. She
said Springfield is among the markets where the program has worked well after
some initial resistance. SNAP recipients purchase tokens that are exchanged for
products.

Vendors submit the tokens at the end of the selling day to local market
managers, who handle the processing.

"Otherwise, farmers have to have their own machine," Stieren said.

Making the rounds

Grower Ken Knoles has made three farmers market stops a week for years -- two in
Springfield and one in Urbana -- with plants from Knoles Garden & Greenhouse in
Mason City, about 40 miles north of Springfield.

Knoles has other invitations, he said Wednesday at the Old Capitol Farmers
Market in downtown Springfield. The options have expanded dramatically, Knoles
said, from when he began selling through farmers markets more than four decades
ago.

"I can only do so much," he said, "and if I'm at the farmers markets, I'm not
getting things done back at the greenhouse."

Numbers can be difficult to track when it comes to farmers markets, especially
for smaller markets, said Kendra Schilling, manager of the bureau of marketing
and promotions at the Illinois Department of Agriculture.

She said 350 is down some from 2013 as a result of markets that closed or
merged, but the demand for locally grown foods has continued to increase.

"We don't have a demand problem; it's definitely a supply problem," Schilling
said.

Numbers fluctuate year to year, Schilling said, but have mostly remained on the
rise. Selling at farmers markets also is a major investment, she said.

"A lot of people like to start small," Schilling said.

Labor intensive

Vegetable sales totaled $168.5 million in Illinois in 2012, according to the
U.S. Department of Agriculture, while sales of fruits and nuts totaled $26.3
million. By comparison, corn produced $10.6 billion in sales and soybeans $5.4
billion.

The challenge, said program director Lindsay Record of the Illinois Stewardship
Alliance, is to find a niche for produce in the expanse of corn and soybeans.
The alliance promotes local food production and sustainable agriculture.

"You drive down the highway, you don't see big fields of melons and tomatoes,"
Record said. "It's slow growth. Farmers have to make the choice."

Consumer demand for fresh produce has driven the increase in farmers markets,
she said, including increased sales through supermarket chains. Noting the four
farmers markets in Springfield, Record said she still sees room for growth.

"Farmers markets are very labor intensive," Record said. "Part of the challenge
is finding the right market."

Contact Tim Landis: 788-1536, tim.landis@sj-r.com, twitter.com/timlandisSJR.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Logan Banner (West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Program to train Farmers Market vendors launched

BYLINE: The Logan Banner, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 658 words


Feb. 10--"It's a farmers market, and it sells things." This is the extent of the
information that most farmers market vendors have when they begin selling at
market, according to Larry Lower, a market manager with more than 10 years of
experience at the Berkeley Springs Farmers Market. He is describing the lack of
knowledge that most beginning vendors have when it comes to knowing what it
takes to make a successful farmers market-based business work.

According to Mr. Lower, despite the huge market that exists in WV for locally
grown food, "about 50 percent of all potential new vendors would not make it
through their first year without close mentor-ship or training. Only about 10
percent of them have researched all the things that are necessary to become a
successful vendor. Many of them have unrealistic expectations about what selling
at a farmers market is really like. They come with a product to sell, but have
no knowledge of rules and regulations that are associated with selling that
product."

This is the issue that the West Virginia Farmers Market Association (WVFMA) is
trying to address with their New Vendor Launch Initiative. They have announced
that they are taking applications now for this new training program, designed to
train and educate beginning farmers market vendors on the topics that are vital
for their success. These topics include postharvest handling, licensing and food
safety requirements, marketing, visual merchandising, customer service, and
booth design to name a few.

"We have heard over and over again from our member markets about how important
it is to have new vendors succeed during their first seasons selling at market,"
Kelly Crane, Executive Director of WVFMA said. "Getting up to speed on all the
information can be overwhelming and confusing without guidance and support. We
are going to make sure those vendors thrive."

"These are the first steps to understanding what is needed to become a
successful vendor, and the New Vendor Launch will cover these things, and more,
in an extensive and comprehensible manner," said Lower.

He also believes that this training will not only benefit the vendors
themselves, but also the markets where those vendors will be selling their
products.

"By offering a training program like the New Vendor Launch, the WVFMA is taking
the burden of mentoring and training new vendors off the back of the individual
markets, and allowing the markets to focus on other projects that will support
its growth," he said.

Participants must apply and be selected to attend a two-day training which will
be held in Charleston this April. This event will be hosted by the WVFMA in
coordination with experts from WVU Extension Service, WV Department of
Agriculture, WV Department of Health & Human Resources, the WV Food and Farm
Coalition, and others.

This training will involve hosting a two-day New Vendor Launch "Boot Camp" to
provide in-depth training for beginning vendors, as well as producing a written
toolkit that will be made available to all West Virginia farmers markets and
their vendors. Selected participants will also be paired with experienced
mentors to help ensure their success, and both participants and mentors will
receive funding to help offset travel costs and grow their businesses.

The WVFMA is seeking applicants with 0-2 years of farmers market vendor
experience. The full application is available at
http://wvfarmers.org/new-vendor-launch/. All applications must be submitted by
February 15, 2015.

For more information, contact Adam Taylor, Project Coordinator, at
ataylor.wvfma@gmail.com

This training has been made possible by a federal grant awarded to the WVFMA
through the USDA's Farmer Market Promotion Program (FMPP), as well as the
support of the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation and MVB Bank.

___ (c)2015 The Logan Banner (Logan, W.Va.) Visit The Logan Banner (Logan,
W.Va.) at www.loganbanner.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150210-EB-Program-to-train-Farmers-Market
-vendors-launched-0210-20150210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EB


                        Copyright 2015 The Logan Banner


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                          September 20, 2012 Thursday

Showcase and shopping spot

SECTION: NEWS; SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 471 words


AWARD FINALISTS Hospitality/Retail Small

Christchurch Farmers' Market

Melton Estate

The SCIRT World Buskers Festival

--------------------

The Christchurch Farmers' Market was established seven years ago and is a weekly
market that gives food growers and producers the opportunity to sell directly to
the public and to showcase their products.

The market is a place for producers to gain important feedback and for consumers
to get the freshest and most interesting top-quality products.

It is also a wonderful weekly community gathering point in a safe central
location. The Christchurch Farmers' Market brings producers and consumers of
food together to forge relationships and exchange information, helping to
educate consumers about local produce and products.

The core service is to provide a venue for local producers to market their
products. For consumers, it is a place to buy high-quality products and the
opportunity to liaise directly with the producer. It gives small businesses and
entrepreneurs starting out the opportunity to trial and showcase their products
with minimal investment.

The Christchurch Farmers' Market is organised by Taste Events Company and has a
dedicated team which makes the market happen every week, no matter what the
weather brings.

The market is innovative with many community, food and educational events, such
as Kids into Food Project, promoting local produce and products to the consumer.

The market has added immense value to the Canterbury business community, with
many stalls starting off as small businesses at the market, and going on to win
national artisan awards, expanding their business to have their own local retail
outlets and having their products exported internationally.

The market has encouraged numerous stalls to enter the annual Cuisine artisan
awards with outstanding results.

This year's awards have firmly cemented Canterbury's place as the artisan
capital of New Zealand, with four of the 12 winners from Christchurch - three of
these are stallholders at the Christchurch Farmers' Market.

The Christchurch Farmers' Market is located in one of the last native bushland
areas in Christchurch and the home of the city's oldest house, Riccarton House.

The combination of a beautiful setting among some of the oldest trees in the
region, the history of Riccarton House and the surrounding grounds and wildlife
makes it a unique experience for consumers.

People can gather to buy fresh local produce, sample local artisan products,
enjoy live music, socialise with family and friends all in a safe central
location.

For more information, see the website christchurchfarmersmarket.co.nz.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Trading hub: The Christchurch Farmers' Market in the grounds of Riccarton House
is a popular weekend destination for those wanting fresh produce and artisan
products.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Finance NM: Ag. bill brings changes for farmers, markets

BYLINE: By Finance New Mexico

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 556 words


LAS CRUCES &GT;&GT; The 2014 Farm Bill has something for every New Mexican who
makes a living by farming or ranching. The bill, which became law in February,
affects Department of Agriculture programs until fiscal year 2018.

Most significantly, the bill replaces direct and countercyclical payments to
farmers with expanded crop insurance offerings. The discontinued program
subsidized farmers based on historical acreage and yields rather than actual
yield, while countercyclical payments compensated farmers when crop prices fell.

Moving forward, farmers who grow eligible crops must choose between Price Loss
Coverage or Agricultural Risk Coverage; the first pays farmers if market prices
fall below established benchmarks, while the second pays only if crop revenue
falls short of established guarantees. Crop insurance is often required by
lenders.

For dairy farmers, the new Margin Protection Program for Dairy Producers pays
dairy farmers based on the difference between the price of milk and the cost of
feed to produce it.

The federal Credit Commodity Corporation will subsidize 65 percent of the
insurance premiums for these programs.

The bill also:

Restores livestock disaster assistance retroactive to 2011, when the last relief
program expired and left ranchers vulnerable to the forage-crop-killing 2012
drought and severe winter storms that decimated herds.

Increases investment in local food, rural development, organic agriculture and
healthy food access initiatives. The Farmers Market and Local Food Promotion
Program will support direct farmer-to-consumer marketing channels and provide
grants to farm-to-institution enterprises, food hubs and other ventures that
process, distribute or store foods produced locally or regionally. Local food
activists hope the increased funding and broader funding categories will
stimulate growth along the entire spectrum of local and regional food
production.

Increases mandatory funding for Specialty Crop Block Grants, which should expand
opportunities for farmers, entrepreneurs and community groups to develop local
and regional food systems focused on fruits and vegetables.

Invests in the next generation of American farmers by funding and improving
programs that support novices and remove entry barriers to farming. The bill
funds training through the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development and Outreach
and Assistance to Socially Disadvantaged Farmers and Ranchers programs. The
Transitions Incentive Program gives retiring farmers incentives to lease or sell
land to beginners, and a Microloan Farm Credit program extends low-interest
loans to beginning and limited-resource farmers.

Ranchers had hoped the act would repeal country-of-origin rules that require
product labeling to show where beef, pork, chicken and fish were born, raised
and slaughtered.

The rules, which aim to ban the co-mingling of meat from different countries,
raise administrative costs for ranchers who move livestock across the border and
for processing plants that must segregate livestock.

For more information, contact Veronica Tribbett at 505-761-4907 or
veronica.tribbett@nm.usda.gov

Finance New Mexico is a public service initiative to assist individuals and
businesses with obtaining skills and funding resources for their business or
idea. To learn more, go to www.FinanceNewMexico.org .

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2014 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 1, 2016 Friday

The fruits of selling Starkville: Partnership brings home 3 statewide awards

BYLINE: William Moore, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 536 words


July 01--STARKVILLE -- Just five years after rejoining the Mississippi Main
Street Association, the Greater Starkville Development Partnership brought home
three statewide awards from the group's convention.

The partnership won for creative fundraising, economic impact project and the
Sam Kaye Design Award.

"We are a little unusual that we are a chamber of commerce, tourism board,
economic development and Main Street all under one umbrella," said GSDP chief
executive officer Jennifer Gregory. "We have a definite design and master plan
for the downtown area but we promote all of Starkville, not just downtown."

One of the promotions that garnered praise was the Farm to Fork fundraiser. It
paired five local chefs with members of the local farmers' market for a
five-course dinner featuring at least 90 percent locally grown and made
products. The event raised money for improvements to Fire Station Park, where
the farmers' market is held twice a week, and won the MMSA Outstanding Creative
Fundraising Award.

The Outstanding Economic Impact Project award went to The Mill and local
developer Mark Castleberry. The project took the near vacant and massive Cooley
Building on Russell Street and converted it into a parking garage, hotel, two
restaurants, 20 condominiums and huge conference center.

"It used to be hard to find a venue for more than 250 people," said Starkville
architect Briar Jones. "Because of that, Starkville was not able to host some
events and they went to other cities. Now we have this wonderful structure."

Jones is no stranger to the partnership or redeveloping the look of the town. He
designed the new Starkville City Hall as well as the new Renasant bank building
that sits on the former dilapidated lot that once housed a long-past car
dealership. He also is credited for the partnership's downtown home in a
historic building.

"In 2006, the partnership decided to look into moving back downtown," said
Jones. "I never felt they belonged in the research park."

So the partnership refurbished and moved into the old People's Bank building on
the corner of Main and Lafayette streets.

"I wanted this lobby to be the first place visitors see," Jones said. "It is a
place where people can gather, and we use the arts to bring people back. We host
about six exhibitions of local artists each year."

Jones won the Sam Kaye Excellence in Design Award, given to a design
professional or firm that exhibits the spirit, compassion and talent of Kaye, an
architect, community leader, MMSA member and advisory board member of the
National Trust for Historic Preservation.

The partnership hopes to continue fostering alternative transportation modes to
connect downtown with the Mississippi State University campus.

"We have a commitment to walkability and bikeability," Gregory said. "The
shuttles from campus make it very easy to connect with different areas without
using a car.

"You see more people biking, walking and pushing strollers in the afternoons.
And that's what we want."

william.moore@journalinc.com

___ (c)2016 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.djournal.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160701-TP-The-fruits-of-selling-Starkville-Partnership-brings-home-3-statewide
-awards-0701-20160701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2016 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         New Castle News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 21, 2009 Tuesday

THE DOWNTOWN: Farmers Market offers chance to 'eat fresh, buy local'

BYLINE: New Castle News, Pa.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 471 words


Jul. 21--Local farmers and gardeners will have a new venue to sell their fruits
and vegetables this summer and fall.

A New Castle Farmers Market will open for business on July 25, featuring local
produce, baked and other food goods, arts and crafts.

The market will be set up downtown from 8 a.m. to noon, every Saturday through
Oct. 31, at Riverwalk Park at the corner of East Washington and East streets.

A committee comprised of local nonprofit agencies and citizens approached Mayor
Anthony Mastrangelo with the idea of the event, and has since established rules,
which require all vendors to fill out applications.

"Our goal, since Pennsylvania's second largest industry is agriculture, is to
promote 'Eat Fresh -- Buy Local,' and to support local growers and artists and
bakers," said Audrey Przybylski, a committee member.

The applications must be submitted to the New Castle Farmers Market Committee in
care of the Lawrence County Chamber of Commerce at its offices in the Shenango
Street Station, 138 W. Washington St.

Farm or domestic products to be sold at the market include vegetables, fruit,
grains, eggs, plant cuttings, cut flowers, plant seeds and herbs; prepared
foods, including cured meats, baked goods, preserves, home-canned products,
jams, jellies and cheeses; and arts and handicrafts, which are made in the home.

All products must be clearly priced. Baked goods, cured meats and cheeses must
be wrapped. No items will be available for resale that have been purchased
elsewhere, such as from a commercial establishment. All products must be labeled
as to place of origin.

Vendors must comply with all licensing and registration requirements. They may
contact the region's food sanitarian, Tony Arvelo of the Pennsylvania Department
of Agriculture, at (724) 443-1585 for more information about allowable food
goods.

Parking is free on Saturdays at downtown meters and lots, including Washington
Centre.

Members of the market committee include Audrey Przybylski, Mayor Mastrangelo,
Chamber of Commerce executive director Robert McCracken, Lawrence County
extension director Janice Hassen, New Castle Tourist Promotion Agency
representative Janet Falotico, Lorraine Petrus and Andrea Przybylski.

More information about the market and setting up stands, registration forms and
a complete list of rules are available by calling (724) 654-7457 or by
contacting Audrey Przybylski by e-mail at Audrey339@aol.com

To see more of the New Castle News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ncnewsonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, New Castle News, Pa.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090721-NP-THE-DOWNTOWN-Farmers-Market
-offers-chance-to-eat-fresh-buy-local-0721

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NP


                                 Copyright 2009


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Beacon-News, Aurora, Ill.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday

Expanded Aurora Farmers Market ready for opening day

BYLINE: Steve Lord, The Beacon-News, Aurora, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 529 words


June 08--Aurora's Farmers Market opens Saturday for its 104th season with an
expanded mission and more offerings.

When it opens at 8 a.m. in the Aurora Transportation Center parking lot, it will
have expanded opportunities to learn about nutrition, food preparation, using
local and fresh ingredients and even an opportunity for people to harvest their
own food.

Some of the new mission is funded with an almost $100,000 grant the city
received earlier this year from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Farmers
Market Promotion Program, but some of the new offerings are just part of an
ever-expanding market, said Dale Hazlewood, market manager and special events
coordinator for the city.

"We're growing on many levels," he said. "And there's always lots of great
food."

One of the grant-funded items that will be at Saturday's market is a booth with
two nutritionists preparing new recipes using fresh and local ingredients that
are in-season. One of the recipes this week will feature strawberries and
rhubarb.

Another grant-related item in the works is a new website for the market,
Hazlewood said. Right now, people going to the Farmers Market website will get a
splash page, but he said by the end of the month, a new, information-filled
website should be available.

City officials also will use grant money to go into low-income neighborhoods
more and educate people on such things as how easy it is to use the state's SNAP
cards at the farmers market. Some of that still is in the works, Hazlewood said.

"It's still kind of early in the process to have all the grant-related things
done," he said.

There will be plenty of new opportunities and items at the market, including a
chance for people to harvest their own food, right at the market.

Triple Threat Mentoring received its own grant to develop a hydroponic market,
which it is doing in a building donated by the city near the central garage.
Members of that organization will be bringing part of the farm to the market,
setting up the farm and allowing people to see how it works.

"So you can harvest food yourself," Hazlewood said. "You can't get much fresher
than that."

The market will feature more than 65 vendors, and also will have a fish market,
a certified organic bakery and a food truck with Kobe beef, bison and wild board
sliders -- all first-timers at the market. There will also be music Saturday
provided by Ron Newman. The Aurora Public Library will have interactive
activities for children, and Aurora Animal Control and Care will have pets
available for adoption. Also, visitors can take home free Sunken Garden tulip
bulbs from the Friends of Phillips Park booth.

The market is open from 8 a.m. to noon every Saturday through Oct. 17.

There are also two other farmers markets in Aurora as well:

--Aurora East: 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Thursdays, July 7 to Aug. 25, Our Lady of Mercy
Catholic Church, 701 S. Eola Road.

--Aurora West: Noon to 5 p.m. Wednesdays, July 6 to Sept. 28, West Aurora Plaza,
1901 W. Galena Blvd.

slord@tribpub.com

___ (c)2016 The Beacon-News (Aurora, Ill.) Visit The Beacon-News (Aurora, Ill.)
at www.chicagotribune.com/suburbs/aurora-beacon-news Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160608-ABN-Expanded-Aurora-Farmers-Market
-ready-for-opening-day-0608-20160608

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ABN


                                 Copyright 2016


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                    September 7, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Sprouts Farmers Market Updates Third Quarter, Full-Year 2016 Guidance; Announces
$250 Million Share Repurchase Authorization

LENGTH: 422  words


Sept. 7 -- Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. (Nasdaq:SFM) today announced updated
guidance in advance of participation in the Goldman Sachs 23rd Annual Global
Retailing Conference on September 8, 2016. This update reflects the impact of
significant ongoing deflation, the stepped-up promotional environment and our
cautious outlook for the remainder of the year. Comparable store sales growth
for the third quarter ending October 2, 2016 is now expected to be approximately
flat. The prolonged deflationary environment, competitive landscape and industry
dynamics have prompted heavy promotions across the industry, adversely impacting
retail deflation and traffic generation. Given the current environment, we are
adjusting our full-year 2016 comparable store sales growth to be in the range of
1.5% to 2.5% and earnings per share to be in the range of $0.83 to $0.86.

"At Sprouts, we have operated and managed through similar competitive and
deflationary periods," said Amin Maredia, chief executive officer of Sprouts
Farmers Market. Our team remains laser focused on accelerating traffic and sales
in the current environment, while continuing to execute our strategic business
plan to build long-term value."

Share Repurchase Authorization

On September 6, 2016, our Board of Directors authorized a $250 million common
stock share repurchase program. The company had completed its previous $150
million share repurchase authorization during its second fiscal quarter ended
July 3, 2016 and currently has approximately 148.5 million shares of common
stock outstanding. The $250 million authorization represents approximately 7.4%
of common shares outstanding at the current stock price.  The shares may be
purchased on a discretionary basis from time to time through December 31, 2017,
subject to general business and market conditions and other investment
opportunities, through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions
or other means, including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The repurchase
program may be commenced, suspended or discontinued at any time.

Important Information Regarding Outlook

There is no guarantee that Sprouts will achieve its projected financial
expectations, which are based on management estimates, currently available
information and assumptions that management believes to be reasonable.  These
expectations are inherently subject to significant economic, competitive and
other uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of
management.

Source: Sprouts Farmers Market

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             July 21, 2015 Tuesday

Why not give more if use food stamps for vegetables?

SECTION: DISCUSS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 645 words


Sometimes a simple idea makes so much sense, you have to wonder: Why didn't
folks think of this sooner?

Here's an excellent example: Increase the value of federal nutrition benefits,
such as food stamps, if families use the extra money to buy healthy options like
fresh fruit and vegetables, especially at farmers' markets.

This is one of those rare public policies where everyone wins. No trade-offs or
downsides. Families stretch their food budgets while improving their diets.
Farmers sell more produce. Society benefits through reduced health care costs.

Oren Hesterman, president of the Fair Food Network in Michigan, wrote last year
in The Hill newspaper: "Boosting the amount of fruits and vegetables consumed by
vulnerable populations is critical. These are the very same people who are
disproportionately likely to suffer from type-2 diabetes, hypertension and heart
disease. And how is that treatment for those diseases paid for? Often with
Medicaid or Medicare."

"We can quite literally pay the farmer now instead of the doctor later," he
writes.

This is federalism at its best, with variations on the theme bubbling up in
different localities. One of the pioneering projects started here in Takoma
Park, a Washington suburb, when a man named John Hyde was selling baked goods at
a farmers market in a wealthy neighborhood.

Just a few miles away lived a community of poor Hispanic immigrants, who seldom
patronized his stand. So in 2007, Hyde created the Crossroads Farmers Market,
located it closer to the low-income families, and raised $7,000 from the
National Watermelon Promotion Board to subsidize their purchases.

It was a "total gamble ... a crazy radical idea," says Christie Balch, who now
runs Crossroads. The Department of Agriculture called Hyde the day before the
market opened and told him, "What you're doing is illegal."

Fortunately, Hyde had influential friends, including a senior official at the
department, who called his bosses and said: "What do you think The Washington
Post would have to say about your trying to prevent poor people from eating
fresh fruits and vegetables?"

They backed down. Now, more than 500 markets in 30 states utilize some form of
subsidy program. The systems differ a bit, but basically work this way: A
shopper who qualifies for food stamps (officially called the Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP) tells a clerk at the market how much she
wants to use from her benefit account. Say it's $15. That amount is deducted
from the shopper's SNAP card, and the clerk gives her coupons worth $30, which
can be spent like cash.

"We don't have to buy the $1 bag of Cheetos. We can spend a little bit more on
healthier things: fruits and veggies," Melissa Davis of Lehi, Utah, told a local
Fox station.

These are not just isolated anecdotes. The Union of Concerned Scientists and the
Center for a Livable Future at Johns Hopkins published a joint report that
concluded: "Incentives for fruit and vegetable consumption could reap enormous
health and economic benefits over time."

There's one problem: Subsidies are expensive, and each market has to raise funds
to finance the bonus coupons. Here at Crossroads, the annual $55,000 budget
comes from a mix of private donors, foundations and local governments, but Balch
expects that when fall comes, accounts will run low and subsidies will have to
be trimmed.

Washington has finally woken up to the possibilities here. Last year's farm bill
provided $100 million in seed money, and this spring, about one-third of that
was dispensed to underwrite local experiments.

This is exactly what many voters want from government: efficient programs that
leverage the energy and creativity of local initiatives.

This is beyond politics. This is about improving health, helping farmers and
saving money -- all at the same time. Who can be against that?

© 2015 STEVEN AND COKIE ROBERTS

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                           December 18, 2001, Tuesday

REVIEW OF THE YEAR - PART 9

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1318 words


UNSCRUPULOUS INVESTMENT ADVISERS - Farmers receiving payments for slaughtered
livestock after being hit by the footand-mouth outbreak were urged by the
Country Land and Business Association (CLA) to be on their guard against silver
-tongued financial "experts" promising getrich-quick investment opportunities.

"We are urging our members to be very cautious, however tempting the glowing
promises of high returns may appear to be, " said Mid Wales CLA regional
director Julian Salmon.

"They should not part with money until they have consulted specialist advisers
they can trust."

VERITY VATER - Farmer's daughter, Verity Vater, took up her new role as the
first Welsh Black Cattle Society Young Ambassador.

Verity, 25, who lives with her parents at Llanddewi Rhydderch, near Abergavenny,
keeps her own herd of Welsh Black cattle, and is also a keen breeder of Welsh
cobs.

She is the first holder of the Young Ambassador title, and her job is to promote
the Society and the breed at home and on the world stage.

VIDEO AUCTIONS - The inability to hold livestock auctions because of foot-and
-mouth restrictions prompted some farmers and auctioneers to hold their own
sales with the aid of a video camera and a big screen.

In June about 500 animals were sold using this method by auctioneers Clee,
Thompkinson & Francis at Llandovery Rugby Club, while in early autumn the Welsh
Half-Bred Sheep Breeders' Association held several video sheep auctions in North
and Mid Wales.

VALE OF GLAMORGAN FARMERS' MARKET - This popular farmers' market was named the
best in Wales by the National Farmers' Union and the National Association of
Farmers' Markets in their Farmers' Market and Farm Shop awards.

The rapid growth of the Vale of Glamorgan Farmers' Market won it the Best
Farmers' Market category, while the diversity of Llwynhelyg Farm Shop at Sarnau,
Llandysul, helped it to win the Best Farm Shop title.

"In what are undoubtedly farming's darkest times, farmers' markets and shops are
a shining light - proving that there are growing numbers of consumers who want
to buy local food, " said NFU Cymru president, Hugh Richards.

"They have narrowed the gap between food producers and food buyers and there is
a growing number of shoppers who are interested in where and how their food is
produced.

"Farmers' markets and shops give them the unique opportunity to meet the people
who produce their food."

WINTER FAIR - This month's Royal Welsh Agricultural Winter Fair was the most
successful to date.

Foot-and-mouth restrictions meant the traditional clovenhoofed animals had to be
replaced by new attractions and competitions, which included Welsh ponies and
cobs, and hounds.

Visitors, hungry for some entertainment and relief after months of misery,
turned up in their thousands resulting in a record-beating total of 11,417,
beating the previous record set in 1995 of 9,507.

"It is a remarkable result, " said RWAS honorary treasurer Richard Mosely.

Society chief executive David Walters admitted that the success of the
alternative attractions now poses the dilemma of how to incorporate them into
next year's Winter Fair.

"I am over the moon. It might well mean thinking about a twoday event next year,
" said Dr Emrys Evans, chairman of the RWAS board of management.

The event also had Royal backing, with the Prince of Wales spending several
hours at the Builth Wells showground.

WHITE STUFF - The milk drinking campaign went bilingual, with a Welsh-language
version of the highly successful pounds 9m Dairy Council "White Stuff - Are you
made of it?" promotion.

The Welsh version, "Llaeth: Y Ddiod Gadarn", was the brainchild of the Wales
Agri-Food Partnership's dairy strategy group which asked the Welsh Development
Agency to take it forward.

At the Welsh launch, Gareth Evans, chairman of the Agri-Food Partnership's dairy
strategy group and WDA board member, said, "We are hoping that by extending the
campaign bilingually into Wales we will reach more and more milk drinkers.

"The original campaign has obviously proved tremendously successful to date and
we hope to build on the back of that success."

Arwyn Davies, WDA Food Directorate programme development manager, added, "This
campaign is about changing the consumer's long-term attitude towards milk - to
encourage adults to drink milk more often and to remind people that milk is
credible alternative to any soft drink."

WOODLANDS - The National Assembly launched its Woodlands for Wales document -
the plan for Wales's forests and woodlands over the next 50 years.

More than two years in the making, Woodlands for Wales is the most important
document ever produced by the Forestry Commission in Wales, and is the result of
the biggest public consultation exercise conducted in Wales by the Commission.

The Forestry Commission's chief conservator for Wales, Simon Hewitt, said
Wales's woodlands could have a huge impact on other industries, including
agriculture, energy production and tourism.

EXCESSIVE RED TAPE - The CLA protested that a forbidding mountain of bureaucracy
was obstructing and deterring attempts by rural businesses to obtain EU
Objective One funding to boost the development of new incomes and employment
which could provide the foundation stones for re-building rural prosperity.

"Following a growing number of complaints, we have been forced to conclude that
the colossal bureaucratic machine established to supervise Objective One funding
is blatantly excessive, very often irrelevant, highly wasteful of the
applicant's and the administrator's time and energies, and funda-mentally
selfdefeating, " said Mid Wales CLA regional director Julian Salmon.

YELLOWHAMMER - RSPB Cymru declared a "red alert" on the yellowhammer - a bird
which derives its name from its bright yellow plumage - after a survey revealed
an alarming decline in its numbers, particularly in Wales.

The charity's annual Breeding Bird Survey revealed a massive decline in Welsh
yellowhammer numbers, down by more than a third over the last seven years.

The bird charity is concerned that the decline could spiral further out of
control unless urgent action is taken to improve the situation.

The fall in numbers was linked to the loss of weed-filled arable fields, which
help the birds survive the winter by providing them with a glut of seeds.

YOUNG FARMERS CLUBS - With their traditional activities curbed because of foot
-andmouth, the rural youth movement headed for Cardiff in September and a three
-day rally centred around the Millennium Stadium.

As well as providing much needed light relief from the depressing months of
foot-andmouth, the rally gave members a chance to question politicians about
agricultural and rural policies.

ZARA PHILLIPS - In May a campaign to encourage horse riders back into the saddle
after the foot-and-mouth crisis received Royal support.

Keen horsewoman Zara Phillips, daughter of the Princess Royal, kick-started the
campaign which aimed to boost the equestrian industry's flagging fortunes.

Launched by the British Equestrian Federation, the British Horse Society and
British Trade Association, the campaign came at a time when the foot-and-mouth
outbreak was estimated to be costing the horse industry more than pounds 100m a
month.

"Our industry is suffering as a direct result of the foot-and-mouth crisis and
we need to reassure riders that, when they follow the official Maff guidelines,
they are safe to ride, " said BEF chief executive Andrew Finding.

The aim of the campaign was to put the national spotlight on the plight of the
industry through media coverage and political lobbying, he said.

"Overall, the industry is losing well over pounds 100m each month and, with
companies going out of business or laying off staff each week , no customers
means no income."

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NEW ROLE: Verity Vater KITTED OUT: Suzy Roberts from Pembrokeshire and
Debbie Oliver from Montgomeryshire show off their T-shirts at the YFC weekend in
Cardiff ROYAL VIEW: Prince Charles takes time to visit the Welsh; Cob show

                    Copyright 2001 Western Mail and Echo Ltd


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday

Ohio Street, Brewer farmers markets offering 50 percent match to SNAP users

BYLINE: Dawn Gagnon BDN Staff

LENGTH: 585 words


BANGOR, Maine -- Patrons of the Ohio Street Farmers Market and the Brewer
Farmers Market who use Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP,
benefits now will receive a 50 percent discount on their food purchases.


That is because of nearly $30,000 in sponsorships from local businesses, banks,
churches, service organizations, foundations and other groups, along with a
grant from the USDA, according to Jack McKay, director of the Brewer-based
nonprofit Food AND Medicine.


The idea of the discount, referred to as a matching incentive, is to increase
struggling families' access to healthy, locally grown food, McKay said Wednesday
during a news conference at the Bangor Grange Hall on Ohio Street, where the
Ohio Street Farmers Market is held.


Now in its fourth season, the Community Supported Farmers Markets program also
supports the Bangor Farmers Market on Harlow Street, where a 25 percent discount
will continue to be offered to families shopping with SNAP benefits, formerly
known as food stamps, McKay said.


"This program is a win-win," McKay said. "Food AND Medicine raises funds from
local sources so that families get the incentive and farmers get the full amount
of each sale. We reimburse the farmers on a regular basis with the funds donated
by our community supporters. Without the generous outpouring of support from the
local community, we could not have been able to offer this program again this
year."


Jamie Comstock, health program promotion manager for Bangor Public Health and
Community Services, noted that access to healthy food at more affordable prices
is important.


"Over 16 percent of Penobscot County residents are hungry and the rate for
children is higher, at 25 percent, so fully one quarter of Penobscot County
children aren't receiving the nutrition they need to grow and learn and to
become healthy adults," she said. "We know that eating nutritious food is one of
the best things we can do for our health."


Ernest Rollins of Rollins Orchards in Garland is among the farmers who
participate in the Ohio Street Farmers Market. His family has been in the
farming business since 1821, he said.


"That's a tough legacy for me to try to continue and I always have really tried,
and my parents tried, to make our products affordable so folks can afford to eat
fresh, healthy produce every day, not just as an occasional thing," he said.


"It's great to be able to partner with Food AND Medicine and the Grange and be
able to bring our products a lot closer to the folks who really want them and
really appreciate them and it's great that we're able to have this matching
program that gives folks an incentive to purchase healthy, local produce," he
said.


Farmers market volunteer Marianne Fricke encouraged others to give of their
time.


"I'm a people person so I want to be with people and this is a way that I can do
that. I can serve my community. I can help Food AND Medicine," she said. "It's
such an important, important organization. It provides quality food for
everyone."


Community Supported Farmers Markets has provided more than $22,000 in
incentives, or discounts, to SNAP recipients since the beginning of last year.
That, in turn, has generated more than $80,000 in sales for the 30 local farmers
who sell their products at the three area farmers markets the program supports.


The Brewer Farmers Market is open from 8:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Saturdays in the
Brewer Auditorium parking lot and the Ohio Street Farmers Market runs from 2 to
6 p.m. Wednesdays at the Bangor Grange.


Â

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday

Ohio Street, Brewer farmers markets offering 50 percent match to SNAP users

BYLINE: Dawn Gagnon BDN Staff

LENGTH: 585 words


BANGOR, Maine -- Patrons of the Ohio Street Farmers Market and the Brewer
Farmers Market who use Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP,
benefits now will receive a 50 percent discount on their food purchases.


That is because of nearly $30,000 in sponsorships from local businesses, banks,
churches, service organizations, foundations and other groups, along with a
grant from the USDA, according to Jack McKay, director of the Brewer-based
nonprofit Food AND Medicine.


The idea of the discount, referred to as a matching incentive, is to increase
struggling families' access to healthy, locally grown food, McKay said Wednesday
during a news conference at the Bangor Grange Hall on Ohio Street, where the
Ohio Street Farmers Market is held.


Now in its fourth season, the Community Supported Farmers Markets program also
supports the Bangor Farmers Market on Harlow Street, where a 25 percent discount
will continue to be offered to families shopping with SNAP benefits, formerly
known as food stamps, McKay said.


"This program is a win-win," McKay said. "Food AND Medicine raises funds from
local sources so that families get the incentive and farmers get the full amount
of each sale. We reimburse the farmers on a regular basis with the funds donated
by our community supporters. Without the generous outpouring of support from the
local community, we could not have been able to offer this program again this
year."


Jamie Comstock, health program promotion manager for Bangor Public Health and
Community Services, noted that access to healthy food at more affordable prices
is important.


"Over 16 percent of Penobscot County residents are hungry and the rate for
children is higher, at 25 percent, so fully one quarter of Penobscot County
children aren't receiving the nutrition they need to grow and learn and to
become healthy adults," she said. "We know that eating nutritious food is one of
the best things we can do for our health."


Ernest Rollins of Rollins Orchards in Garland is among the farmers who
participate in the Ohio Street Farmers Market. His family has been in the
farming business since 1821, he said.


"That's a tough legacy for me to try to continue and I always have really tried,
and my parents tried, to make our products affordable so folks can afford to eat
fresh, healthy produce every day, not just as an occasional thing," he said.


"It's great to be able to partner with Food AND Medicine and the Grange and be
able to bring our products a lot closer to the folks who really want them and
really appreciate them and it's great that we're able to have this matching
program that gives folks an incentive to purchase healthy, local produce," he
said.


Farmers market volunteer Marianne Fricke encouraged others to give of their
time.


"I'm a people person so I want to be with people and this is a way that I can do
that. I can serve my community. I can help Food AND Medicine," she said. "It's
such an important, important organization. It provides quality food for
everyone."


Community Supported Farmers Markets has provided more than $22,000 in
incentives, or discounts, to SNAP recipients since the beginning of last year.
That, in turn, has generated more than $80,000 in sales for the 30 local farmers
who sell their products at the three area farmers markets the program supports.


The Brewer Farmers Market is open from 8:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Saturdays in the
Brewer Auditorium parking lot and the Ohio Street Farmers Market runs from 2 to
6 p.m. Wednesdays at the Bangor Grange.


Â

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday

Ohio Street, Brewer farmers markets offering 50 percent match to SNAP users

BYLINE: Dawn Gagnon BDN Staff

LENGTH: 585 words


BANGOR, Maine -- Patrons of the Ohio Street Farmers Market and the Brewer
Farmers Market who use Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP,
benefits now will receive a 50 percent discount on their food purchases.


That is because of nearly $30,000 in sponsorships from local businesses, banks,
churches, service organizations, foundations and other groups, along with a
grant from the USDA, according to Jack McKay, director of the Brewer-based
nonprofit Food AND Medicine.


The idea of the discount, referred to as a matching incentive, is to increase
struggling families' access to healthy, locally grown food, McKay said Wednesday
during a news conference at the Bangor Grange Hall on Ohio Street, where the
Ohio Street Farmers Market is held.


Now in its fourth season, the Community Supported Farmers Markets program also
supports the Bangor Farmers Market on Harlow Street, where a 25 percent discount
will continue to be offered to families shopping with SNAP benefits, formerly
known as food stamps, McKay said.


"This program is a win-win," McKay said. "Food AND Medicine raises funds from
local sources so that families get the incentive and farmers get the full amount
of each sale. We reimburse the farmers on a regular basis with the funds donated
by our community supporters. Without the generous outpouring of support from the
local community, we could not have been able to offer this program again this
year."


Jamie Comstock, health program promotion manager for Bangor Public Health and
Community Services, noted that access to healthy food at more affordable prices
is important.


"Over 16 percent of Penobscot County residents are hungry and the rate for
children is higher, at 25 percent, so fully one quarter of Penobscot County
children aren't receiving the nutrition they need to grow and learn and to
become healthy adults," she said. "We know that eating nutritious food is one of
the best things we can do for our health."


Ernest Rollins of Rollins Orchards in Garland is among the farmers who
participate in the Ohio Street Farmers Market. His family has been in the
farming business since 1821, he said.


"That's a tough legacy for me to try to continue and I always have really tried,
and my parents tried, to make our products affordable so folks can afford to eat
fresh, healthy produce every day, not just as an occasional thing," he said.


"It's great to be able to partner with Food AND Medicine and the Grange and be
able to bring our products a lot closer to the folks who really want them and
really appreciate them and it's great that we're able to have this matching
program that gives folks an incentive to purchase healthy, local produce," he
said.


Farmers market volunteer Marianne Fricke encouraged others to give of their
time.


"I'm a people person so I want to be with people and this is a way that I can do
that. I can serve my community. I can help Food AND Medicine," she said. "It's
such an important, important organization. It provides quality food for
everyone."


Community Supported Farmers Markets has provided more than $22,000 in
incentives, or discounts, to SNAP recipients since the beginning of last year.
That, in turn, has generated more than $80,000 in sales for the 30 local farmers
who sell their products at the three area farmers markets the program supports.


The Brewer Farmers Market is open from 8:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Saturdays in the
Brewer Auditorium parking lot and the Ohio Street Farmers Market runs from 2 to
6 p.m. Wednesdays at the Bangor Grange.


Â

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday

Ohio Street, Brewer farmers markets offering 50 percent match to SNAP users

BYLINE: Dawn Gagnon BDN Staff

LENGTH: 585 words


BANGOR, Maine -- Patrons of the Ohio Street Farmers Market and the Brewer
Farmers Market who use Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP,
benefits now will receive a 50 percent discount on their food purchases.


That is because of nearly $30,000 in sponsorships from local businesses, banks,
churches, service organizations, foundations and other groups, along with a
grant from the USDA, according to Jack McKay, director of the Brewer-based
nonprofit Food AND Medicine.


The idea of the discount, referred to as a matching incentive, is to increase
struggling families' access to healthy, locally grown food, McKay said Wednesday
during a news conference at the Bangor Grange Hall on Ohio Street, where the
Ohio Street Farmers Market is held.


Now in its fourth season, the Community Supported Farmers Markets program also
supports the Bangor Farmers Market on Harlow Street, where a 25 percent discount
will continue to be offered to families shopping with SNAP benefits, formerly
known as food stamps, McKay said.


"This program is a win-win," McKay said. "Food AND Medicine raises funds from
local sources so that families get the incentive and farmers get the full amount
of each sale. We reimburse the farmers on a regular basis with the funds donated
by our community supporters. Without the generous outpouring of support from the
local community, we could not have been able to offer this program again this
year."


Jamie Comstock, health program promotion manager for Bangor Public Health and
Community Services, noted that access to healthy food at more affordable prices
is important.


"Over 16 percent of Penobscot County residents are hungry and the rate for
children is higher, at 25 percent, so fully one quarter of Penobscot County
children aren't receiving the nutrition they need to grow and learn and to
become healthy adults," she said. "We know that eating nutritious food is one of
the best things we can do for our health."


Ernest Rollins of Rollins Orchards in Garland is among the farmers who
participate in the Ohio Street Farmers Market. His family has been in the
farming business since 1821, he said.


"That's a tough legacy for me to try to continue and I always have really tried,
and my parents tried, to make our products affordable so folks can afford to eat
fresh, healthy produce every day, not just as an occasional thing," he said.


"It's great to be able to partner with Food AND Medicine and the Grange and be
able to bring our products a lot closer to the folks who really want them and
really appreciate them and it's great that we're able to have this matching
program that gives folks an incentive to purchase healthy, local produce," he
said.


Farmers market volunteer Marianne Fricke encouraged others to give of their
time.


"I'm a people person so I want to be with people and this is a way that I can do
that. I can serve my community. I can help Food AND Medicine," she said. "It's
such an important, important organization. It provides quality food for
everyone."


Community Supported Farmers Markets has provided more than $22,000 in
incentives, or discounts, to SNAP recipients since the beginning of last year.
That, in turn, has generated more than $80,000 in sales for the 30 local farmers
who sell their products at the three area farmers markets the program supports.


The Brewer Farmers Market is open from 8:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Saturdays in the
Brewer Auditorium parking lot and the Ohio Street Farmers Market runs from 2 to
6 p.m. Wednesdays at the Bangor Grange.


Â

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Bangor Daily News


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                                November 9, 2002

Offer Market To Our Farmers

SECTION: Pg.13

LENGTH: 159 words


While not wishing to condemn the city council for this effort at 'entente
cordiale', the lack of a farmers market in our city is regrettable.

Other Midlands cities, including Nottingham, Derby, Lincoln and Northampton,
hold farmers markets, why not Leicester?

We in the Council for the Protection of Rural England (CPRE) support the
initiatives by farmers and producers to promote locally grown food etc and sell
direct. Investment is high, income from farming is low, and without
opportunities for the public to buy goods other than direct at the farm gate,
the future continues to be bleak. Greater consumption of local foods needs to be
exploited, and those crowds last Saturday would have been welcomed by our
producers.

Give them a chance, Leicester, with a regular farmers market, or at a trial
period. Give the rural economy support, some may say it's more deserving than
overseas promotions.

Joyce Noon, chairman, Charnwood CPRE

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2002 Leicester Mercury


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday

Future still uncertain for promotion centre staff

BYLINE: CAROLINE BROWN

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 343 words


Uncertainty over the future of Feilding Promotion has left the organisation in
limbo, shedding staff and unable to offer new recruits jobs.

The Manawatu District Council and Palmerston North City Council both voted in
favour of forming a single, council-controlled regional development and tourism
organisation.

The new organisation will merge the functions of Destination Manawatu, Vision
Manawatu and Feilding Promotion, which would be replaced with one limited-
liability company charged with providing economic development and tourism
services for the district and Palmerston North.

A consultation document about the new, single organisation described how it was
expected to "bring about more focus and co- ordination of these services without
reducing the current level of service".

Feilding Promotion, which runs the farmers' market and the information centre,
stands to lose the bulk of its funding.

Its chairman Michael Ford said despite correspondence between members of
Feilding Promotion and the council, the future of the organisation remained
uncertain.

"Frankly we are rather confused as to what exactly the council has decided in
relation to Feilding Promotion and local economic and community development."

The district council had offered transitional funding on a three- month-notice
basis, Ford said. However, the council would not activate the three-month notice
until at least December 31.

After 18 months of uncertainty, what Feilding Promotion needed for its staff and
volunteers was a guarantee, he said.

It was not viable to continue in the way they were, staff were leaving, others
were job hunting and the organisation was unable to offer new recruits jobs,
with only a few months of job security.

Ford said Feilding Promotion would hold off making any permanent decisions until
there had been further correspondence from the council clearly setting out its
position.

He maintained it would be best for the district if the new council- controlled
organisation worked on a regional level, with Feilding Promotion continuing to
operate locally.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                              July 14, 2013 Sunday

Ohiopyle, Connellsville farmers markets open

BYLINE: by CINDY EKAS

LENGTH: 400 words


Buy Local farmers markets in Connellsville and Ohiopyle opened this weekend,
with more scheduled to open this week.

The markets offer fresh, locally-grown produce and other homemade items and
crafts throughout the summer at various locations in Fayette County.

In the past, the markets opened earlier in the summer.  But opening after the
Fourth of July holiday gives farmers more time for their fruits and vegetables
to ripen, said Bob Junk, local economy manager for Fay-Penn Economic Development
Council, which runs the Buy Local Network.

In Connellsville, the market will be held from 8 a.m. to noon Saturdays through
Sept. 28 in a parking lot on West Crawford Avenue.

The Ohiopyle market, which is in the whitewater rafting outfitters parking lot
off Dinner Bell Road, will operate from 2 to 6 p.m. Saturdays through Sept. 28.

The Uniontown market will open on Monday in Storey Square on Main Street and
will run from 4 to 7 p.m. through Sept. 23 to coincide with the Summer Concert
Series.

In Scottdale, the market will run from 4:30 to 6:30 p.m. Thursdays through Sept.
26 in the Rite Aid parking lot.

The Masontown market will be open from 4 to 7 p.m. Fridays through Sept. 27 in
the German-Masontown Park.

The selection of products is expected to increase as the growing season
continues.

The markets will feature jams and jellies, honey, mustard, soap, baked goods,
handmade wooden toys and other items from backyard gardeners. Craft makers and
bakers will sell their goods to the public.

Junk said promoting the farmers markets has attracted younger residents.

Fay-Penn's promotions have included giving $5 in Buy Local Bucks to the first 20
customers who present their Buy Local Discount Cards at the cash register. Those
customers are required to spend the Buy Local Bucks at the market where they
were obtained on the day they received them.

Junk said farmers market vouchers for senior citizens and residents enrolled in
the Women, Infants and Children federal supplemental nutrition program operated
by Fayette County Community Action Agency Inc. are valid at the markets. But
those vouchers can only be used to buy products from farmers who register with
the state.

Buying directly from farmers and other producers benefits the local economy, he
said.

For more information, visit the Buy Local website at buylocalfayette.org

Cindy Ekas is a contributing writer for Trib Total Media.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            December 24, 2010 Friday
                                  All Editions

Farmers look to connect markets;
Maine Growers, producers want a statewide 'umbrella organization'

BYLINE: SHARON KILEY MACK OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 710 words

DATELINE: MACHIAS


Farmers across the state are working to create a Maine Farmers Market
Association that could provide them with networking opportunities, skills,
resources and other benefits such as insurance.

The idea was hatched at the 2010 Farmers Market Convention in Belfast when
individual farmers wanted resources such as the convention provided regularly,
not just one weekend a year.

Farmers markets have exploded in Maine over the past few years. When the state's
Commissioner of Agriculture Seth Bradstreet recognized the first-ever Maine's
Farmers Market week in 2008, there were 80 active markets.

This year, there were 104.

The public's desire for locally produced goods has transformed farmers markets
from veggies sold off the back of a pickup truck to markets with dozens of
vendors, music and community-oriented activities.

"This is why the need is so great for a statewide umbrella organization," Sarah
Joy Chaples of the Washington Hancock Community Agency's Down East Business
Alliance said Thursday.

Chaples said WHCA was host to this year's Maine Farmers Market Convention in
Belfast, where the idea of a statewide group was hatched.

"Since then, we put some feelers out and we have had some pretty significant
feedback," she said. "There is incredible support out there."

The U.S. Department of Agriculture reports more than 5,000 farmers markets
operate nationwide - a record number, up from 2,800 in 2000. Sales generated by
farmers markets nationally have been estimated to exceed $1 billion a year, with
most of the money going directly to small, family farmers.

A core group of farmers and agriculturists in Maine have been meeting this year
to fine-tune a statewide association.

Tom Roberts of Snakeroot Organic Farm in Pittsfield explained that such a group
could be vital for Maine's producers.

"Every farmers market has its problems, sometimes big ones, sometimes little
ones," Roberts said Thursday. "Often even regional cross-fertilization of ideas,
enhanced when members attend several markets, is not enough to come to grips
with the bewildering array of questions that come up during a market's operation
over the years. Thus comes the idea of a central clearing house of ideas and
solutions, a place where the collective wisdom of markets statewide can be made
available to all, and where the interests of Maine's farmers markets as a whole
can be spoken in one voice."

Roberts said a Maine Federation of Farmers Markets did exist between 1991 and
1997 but "fell apart due to a lack of interest."

He said that today there are a lot more farmers markets and a lot more customers
at farmers markets.

"Everyone seems to be doing quite well," he said, adding that farmers markets
have become a vital part of many communities, thereby ensuring the success of a
statewide association.

Chaples and Roberts said farmers would be meeting at the Maine Agricultural
Trades Show in Augusta in early January and then at the market convention on
Jan. 29 in Belfast to set up the association.

Roberts said the group is assessing the needs of Maine's farmers markets and
would like to poll as many market members around the state as possible.

Local farmers could benefit, for instance, from a website and forums for the
distribution of farmers market information. An association could help provide
insurance rates and plans and a comparison of providers for markets and market
members. Other benefits of such an organization might include help with
promotions and pricing, how to establish a market, or maintaining a winter
market.

Roberts said a statewide association could also assist farmers with "big
picture" issues such as the role of the farmers market movement in the larger
local foods, local purchasing, micro-enterprise, slow food, slow money, women in
business, and other related social-economic movements.

Chapels said a formal presentation would be made at the January market
convention.

Any farmer interested in more information about the proposed association may
contact Chaples at sjchaples@whcacap.org, or 664-2424, ext. 4460.

A full listing of Maine' s farmers markets can be found at www.getrealmaine.com.

The link to the DBA Farmers Market Convention schedule and information may be
found at www.whcacap.org/farm-to-market/farmers-market-convention/index.php.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Bangor Daily News


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times-Standard (California)

                              July 12, 2015 Sunday

Pay farmers now, not doctors later

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 651 words

ABSTRACT

Another view

FULL TEXT

Sometimes a simple idea makes so much sense, you have to wonder: Why didn't
folks think of this sooner?

Here's an excellent example: Increase the value of federal nutrition benefits,
such as food stamps, if families use the extra money to buy healthy options like
fresh fruit and vegetables, especially at farmers' markets.

This is one of those rare public policies where everyone wins. No trade-offs or
downsides. Families stretch their food budgets while improving their diets.
Farmers sell more produce. Society benefits through reduced health care costs.

Oren Hesterman, president of the Fair Food Network in Michigan, wrote last year
in The Hill newspaper: "Boosting the amount of fruits and vegetables consumed by
vulnerable populations is critical. These are the very same people who are
disproportionately likely to suffer from type-2 diabetes, hypertension and heart
disease. And how is that treatment for those diseases paid for? Often with
Medicaid or Medicare."

"We can quite literally pay the farmer now instead of the doctor later," he
writes.

This is federalism at its best, with variations on the theme bubbling up in
different localities. One of the pioneering projects started here in Takoma
Park, a Washington suburb, when a man named John Hyde was selling baked goods at
a farmers market in a wealthy neighborhood.

Just a few miles away lived a community of poor Hispanic immigrants, who seldom
patronized his stand. So in 2007, Hyde created the Crossroads Farmers Market,
located it closer to the low-income families, and raised $7,000 from the
National Watermelon Promotion Board to subsidize their purchases.

It was a "total gamble ... a crazy radical idea," says Christie Balch, who now
runs Crossroads. The Department of Agriculture called Hyde the day before the
market opened and told him, "What you're doing is illegal."

Fortunately, Hyde had influential friends, including a senior official at the
department, who called his bosses and said: "What do you think the Washington
Post would have to say about your trying to prevent poor people from eating
fresh fruits and vegetables?"

They backed down. Now, more than 500 markets in 30 states utilize some form of
subsidy program. The systems differ a bit, but basically work this way: A
shopper who qualifies for food stamps (officially called the Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP) tells a clerk at the market how much she
wants to use from her benefit account. Say it's $15. That amount is deducted
from the shopper's SNAP card, and the clerk gives her coupons worth $30, which
can be spent like cash.

"We don't have to buy the $1 bag of Cheetos. We can spend a little bit more on
healthier things: fruits and veggies," Melissa Davis of Lehi, Utah, told a local
Fox station.

Vicki Zilke, a farmer who sells her produce at a market in Ypsilanti, Michigan,
told YES Magazine: "I make more money, I expand my business, and then I can hire
more people. If I hire more people, I then improve the bottom line of my
community. It's a ripple effect."

There's one problem: Subsidies are expensive, and each market has to raise funds
to finance the bonus coupons. Here at Crossroads, the annual $55,000 budget
comes from a mix of private donors, foundations and local governments, but Balch
expects that when fall comes, accounts will run low and subsidies will have to
be trimmed.

Washington has finally woken up to the possibilities here. Last year's farm bill
provided $100 million in seed money, and this spring, about one-third of that
was dispensed to underwrite local experiments.

This is exactly what many voters want from government: efficient programs that
leverage the energy and creativity of local initiatives. This is about improving
health, helping farmers and saving money - all at the same time. Who can be
against that?

Steve and Cokie Roberts can be contacted by email at stevecokie@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Enniscorthy Echo

                                  June 7, 2012

Appetite for sizzling food

SECTION: ENERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 404  words


THE APPETISING aroma of sizzling good food fills the air and intensifies the
curiosity it is all part of the atmosphere at the Farmer's Market and then there
is the unique contact with the producer, the ultimate in traceability.

The Strawberry Fest was founded on the promotion of the delicious little red
fruit grown at its best in the south-east, and now it is time to broaden the
menu.

It was almost predictable that strawberries would feature strongly on the menu
at the 5th annual All Ireland Farmer's Market Competition and in the rainy
surroundings of Abbey Square last Sunday afternoon, David Anderson, representing
Riverside Park Hotel, became the inaugural winner of the Jim Murphy Perpetual
Memorial Trophy for the 'best strawberry dessert.'

About 45 competitors exhibited excellent food and strongly promoted this event,
which attracted good crowds despite wet and unseasonal conditions.

The judges were Paolo Tullio, resident critic on RTE's popular show, 'The
Restaurant' and Biddy White-Lennon, a food expert better known for her earlier
career as 'Maggie' in RTE's early soap series, 'The Riordans.'

"The standard was quite extraordinary," said Paolo, who admitted that it was
difficult to make a decision and he commended the organisers for having such an
event.

Paolo said; "Farmer's markets are really important." He pointed out the
importance of contact with the people by those with a passion for food
production.

"The farmers' markets are the way of the future and well done to everybody here
today," he stated. The overall winner was Curraghchase Farm from Kilcornan, Co.
Limerick, breeders of rare pigs and producers of quality ham, rashers and black
and white puddings.

Caroline Rigney, who shares the operation with her husband, Joe, said she was
"thrilled with the prize" and admitted that she enjoys coming to Enniscorthy.

Runner-up was Wild About Food, (Fiona Faulkner).

Four 'special merit' awards were on the menu and they went to Zanna Cookhouse,
(Owen Mullins), from Wexford, last year's overall winner; Tastefully Yours,
Waterford; Ballyhoura Apple Farm, (Maurice Gilbert), from Cork, and Quarrymount
Farm, (Ray Dunne), Co. Offaly.

Cllr. Jackser Owens, Chairman of Enniscorthy Town Council, representatives of
the Co. Wexford Executive of IFA, and various sponsors attended the prizegiving
ceremony.

The regular Farmer's Market takes place every Saturday morning at Abbey Square,
beside the pleasant Slaney.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   Gorey Echo

                                  June 7, 2012

Appetite for sizzling food

SECTION: ENERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 404  words


THE APPETISING aroma of sizzling good food fills the air and intensifies the
curiosity it is all part of the atmosphere at the Farmer's Market and then there
is the unique contact with the producer, the ultimate in traceability.

The Strawberry Fest was founded on the promotion of the delicious little red
fruit grown at its best in the south-east, and now it is time to broaden the
menu.

It was almost predictable that strawberries would feature strongly on the menu
at the 5th annual All Ireland Farmer's Market Competition and in the rainy
surroundings of Abbey Square last Sunday afternoon, David Anderson, representing
Riverside Park Hotel, became the inaugural winner of the Jim Murphy Perpetual
Memorial Trophy for the 'best strawberry dessert.'

About 45 competitors exhibited excellent food and strongly promoted this event,
which attracted good crowds despite wet and unseasonal conditions.

The judges were Paolo Tullio, resident critic on RTE's popular show, 'The
Restaurant' and Biddy White-Lennon, a food expert better known for her earlier
career as 'Maggie' in RTE's early soap series, 'The Riordans.'

"The standard was quite extraordinary," said Paolo, who admitted that it was
difficult to make a decision and he commended the organisers for having such an
event.

Paolo said; "Farmer's markets are really important." He pointed out the
importance of contact with the people by those with a passion for food
production.

"The farmers' markets are the way of the future and well done to everybody here
today," he stated. The overall winner was Curraghchase Farm from Kilcornan, Co.
Limerick, breeders of rare pigs and producers of quality ham, rashers and black
and white puddings.

Caroline Rigney, who shares the operation with her husband, Joe, said she was
"thrilled with the prize" and admitted that she enjoys coming to Enniscorthy.

Runner-up was Wild About Food, (Fiona Faulkner).

Four 'special merit' awards were on the menu and they went to Zanna Cookhouse,
(Owen Mullins), from Wexford, last year's overall winner; Tastefully Yours,
Waterford; Ballyhoura Apple Farm, (Maurice Gilbert), from Cork, and Quarrymount
Farm, (Ray Dunne), Co. Offaly.

Cllr. Jackser Owens, Chairman of Enniscorthy Town Council, representatives of
the Co. Wexford Executive of IFA, and various sponsors attended the prizegiving
ceremony.

The regular Farmer's Market takes place every Saturday morning at Abbey Square,
beside the pleasant Slaney.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 New Ross Echo

                                  June 7, 2012

Appetite for sizzling food

SECTION: ENERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 404  words


THE APPETISING aroma of sizzling good food fills the air and intensifies the
curiosity it is all part of the atmosphere at the Farmer's Market and then there
is the unique contact with the producer, the ultimate in traceability.

The Strawberry Fest was founded on the promotion of the delicious little red
fruit grown at its best in the south-east, and now it is time to broaden the
menu.

It was almost predictable that strawberries would feature strongly on the menu
at the 5th annual All Ireland Farmer's Market Competition and in the rainy
surroundings of Abbey Square last Sunday afternoon, David Anderson, representing
Riverside Park Hotel, became the inaugural winner of the Jim Murphy Perpetual
Memorial Trophy for the 'best strawberry dessert.'

About 45 competitors exhibited excellent food and strongly promoted this event,
which attracted good crowds despite wet and unseasonal conditions.

The judges were Paolo Tullio, resident critic on RTE's popular show, 'The
Restaurant' and Biddy White-Lennon, a food expert better known for her earlier
career as 'Maggie' in RTE's early soap series, 'The Riordans.'

"The standard was quite extraordinary," said Paolo, who admitted that it was
difficult to make a decision and he commended the organisers for having such an
event.

Paolo said; "Farmer's markets are really important." He pointed out the
importance of contact with the people by those with a passion for food
production.

"The farmers' markets are the way of the future and well done to everybody here
today," he stated. The overall winner was Curraghchase Farm from Kilcornan, Co.
Limerick, breeders of rare pigs and producers of quality ham, rashers and black
and white puddings.

Caroline Rigney, who shares the operation with her husband, Joe, said she was
"thrilled with the prize" and admitted that she enjoys coming to Enniscorthy.

Runner-up was Wild About Food, (Fiona Faulkner).

Four 'special merit' awards were on the menu and they went to Zanna Cookhouse,
(Owen Mullins), from Wexford, last year's overall winner; Tastefully Yours,
Waterford; Ballyhoura Apple Farm, (Maurice Gilbert), from Cork, and Quarrymount
Farm, (Ray Dunne), Co. Offaly.

Cllr. Jackser Owens, Chairman of Enniscorthy Town Council, representatives of
the Co. Wexford Executive of IFA, and various sponsors attended the prizegiving
ceremony.

The regular Farmer's Market takes place every Saturday morning at Abbey Square,
beside the pleasant Slaney.

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Kent and Sussex Courier

                               May 2, 2014 Friday

District backs campaign to support local markets

BYLINE: Frank Foster frank.foster@courier.co.uk

SECTION: NEWS:PEOPLE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 468  words


WEALDEN will be participating in a national campaign to celebrate the wide range
of local markets that take place across the district.

With the desire of raising the profiles of its markets, Wealden will be joining
in the British Market Authorities' Love Our Local Market campaign.

More than 700 markets from across the UK have joined the promotion,   and
Wealden hopes to attract new customers and stall holders in May.

"Local markets in Wealden are booming and reflect the rich diversity of our
area," said Councillor Roy Galley, cabinet member for economic development and
regeneration.

"They boost our prosperity by promoting local produce and crafts.

"Thanks to the council's policy of providing free parking, these places are
easily accessible to visitors from near and far."

Throughout May, free promotional goods will be available for those attending
Wealden markets including the farmers' markets every Saturday this month in
Uckfield, Hailsham, Heathfield and Crowborough.

The campaign was set up in 2012 after government fears for the future of the
country's historic market culture, in the face of growing dominance from high
street supermarket chains.

However, with the recent horse meat scandal rocking the confidence of many
shoppers, markets are enjoying a renaissance, with Wealden hoping to take the
lead in  supplying   local goods.

Andy Bamford, of Rockington Way, Crowborough, is the current owner of the
Crowborough farmers' market which takes place on the fourth Sunday of every
month.

"It's great to see that both on a national level and within the district, the
powers that be are supporting our local markets," he said.

"Some people still think that farmers' markets are much more expensive than
supermarkets but actually we're quite often cheaper.

"I do feel that more and more, people want to know where their food comes from
and when you buy a vegetable that still has the earth on it you know that it
came from the ground that day."

Mr Bamford also has plans to extend the market into selling locally-produced
crafts and artwork in the near future.

"There must be local people out there who are talented and make things that they
would like to sell," he said.

"If that's the case then I would more than welcome them at the farmers' market.
I'm not looking for cheap clothes and knock-off electronics and the kind of
thing that you find in other local markets but homemade furniture and things
like that."

Following the Love Our Local Market campaign in May, Wealden's Community Chef,
Olly Dawson, will also be staging a series of special cookery demonstrations
which will utilise seasonal local market produce.

Wealden District Council is also aiming to support Wealden's market towns with
renewed efforts to regenerate local high streets and in turn supporting economic
growth in the district.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: fresh produce: Wealden has joined the Love Our Local Markets campaign

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 17, 2011 Sunday

BRIEF: Revitalization pays dividends for town

BYLINE: Donnie Johnston, The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 263 words


April 17--The town of Culpeper and Culpeper Renaissance Inc. have received a
state award for their downtown revitalization efforts.

During recent ceremonies in Richmond, the two groups were presented with the
Virginia Main Street Milestone Achievement Award for revitalizing 250 buildings
since Culpeper was named a Main Street Community in 1988.

"You are creating places where people want to be," said Mary Rae Carter,
Virginia deputy secretary of commerce and trade for rural development.

"And you've often been at the forefront of community and economic development,
from your early promotion of farmers markets to advocating for walkable and
livable downtowns," she added.

CRI and the Town Council have joined forces to bring downtown Culpeper, Davis
Street in particular, back from a near ghost town in the 1980s.

Not only have buildings been renovated and a trendy business community
established, but CRI has also been instrumental in bringing a farmers market to
the "low end" of Davis Street and also sponsoring summer musical concerts and
other special events.

The Virginia Main Street program is managed by the Virginia Department of
Housing and Community Development.

Donnie Johnston:

Email: djohnston@freelancestar.com

To see more of The Free Lance-Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://fredericksburg.com/flshome. Copyright (c) 2011, The Free Lance-Star,
Fredericksburg, Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110417-FB-BRF-Revitalization-pays-dividends-for-town-0417-20110417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2011 The Free Lance-Star


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday
                                 First Edition

MARKETS;
YOUR WEEKEND

BYLINE: Compiled by Sean Wilson and Jessica Bennett

SECTION: LIFE & STYLE; The Good Life; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 304 words


COBURG

Whether rain, hail or shine, head to the Sisters' Market in Coburg. The indoor
market features mostly handmade goods, small local businesses and up-and-coming
designers, with fashion, jewellery, homewares, artwork, food stalls and more.
Tomorrow's market will include the wares of Bretzel Biz, Kaamer Design, Hannakin
and Squirt Baby clothing. There will also be a door prize.

Tomorrow, 10am-4pm, Coburg Town Hall, 90 Bell Street, Coburg, free entry,
sistersmarket.com.au

COBURG

Not far afield from the Sisters' Market, Coburg Farmers' Market is celebrating
Fair Food Week today. In addition to the regular market stalls, there will be a
variety of grassroots workshops, demonstrations, talks and promotions, including
the launch of Sustainable Table's "Give A Fork" campaign, sustainable seafood
cooking demonstrations, and workshops on composting and garden-bed making.

Today, 8am-1pm, Coburg North Primary School, 180 O'Hea Street, Coburg,

free entry, vicfarmersmarkets.org.au

LANCEFIELD

Newcomer Robin Hill sells its black

radishes and greens, plus tomato pickle, sambal oelek, jalapenos, pomegranate
cordial and pickled baby beets at today's Lancefield Farmers' Market.
Hollyburton Organic Produce has its usual stock of organic lamb, plus a new
range of nitrate-free bacon. Goldfield Treats will have a range of dips, pestos
and dukkah.

Today, 9am-1pm, Centre Plantation, High Street, Lancefield, free entry,
vicfarmersmarkets.org.au

CITY

Bend and Snap is back with a batch of talented local creatives, including
illustrators, fashion designers, jewellers and textile artists. Set in the
cavernous 1000 Â£ Bend, the market boasts a rich variety of unusual and
distinctive items, as well as a "Crafternoon Corner".

Tomorrow, 11am-4pm, 1000 Â£ Bend, 361 Little Lonsdale Street, city,

free entry, bendandsnapmarket.wordpress.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 10, 2007 Friday

Chamber's map a big hit: Guide makes it easier to find produce stands

BYLINE: John Dickey, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 455 words


Aug. 10--Summer in Yuba-Sutter means luscious melons, juicy peaches and ripe
tomatoes for those willing to check out a farmers market or two -- one of the
bonuses of living in a state known for its agriculture.

But market-goers might be surprised at how varied Yuba-Sutter's harvest is.

A new "Map of Yuba-Sutter Farm Stands" put out by the Yuba-Sutter Chamber of
Commerce lists 30 stands. Fruits and vegetables abound, of course, but some
stands specialize in roses, mushrooms and olive oil.

"I was quite surprised myself, because I had no idea there was this many," said
Cherie Stephens, co-owner of Stephens Farmhouse, a farmers market on Highway 99
south of Yuba City.

The map has been a surprise hit in the chamber's tourism promotion efforts,
which put out four guides using tourism money from area cities and counties.
County ag commissioners and the Yuba-Sutter Farm Bureau helped with the market
brochure.

"This one has gotten the best response," said Laura Nicholson, the chamber's
executive director and CEO.

Stephens Farmhouse has already given out most of its copies. They have also been
going fast at the chamber, which has given away 5,000 of the 7,500 map copies
published since they were available July 31, with another 1,000 sent to the
California State Fair.

"I would love to double the number," said Nicholson.

With 30 markets -- plus one more that surfaced after the guide was published --
Yuba-Sutter's roadside produce stands could be a big enough draw to brings
outsiders up here, increasing the area's tourism prospects.

One busload of Bay Area residents came to Yuba-Sutter in June to check out the
agriculture.

"There's a lot of people looking for locally grown fruits and vegetables and ag
products," said chamber Chairman Bob Harlan.

Tourism has been a recent focus of the chamber, which put out the brochures and
also started a Web site to promote the area, www.visityubasuttter.com.

While the markets were not on the Web site Thursday, Nicholson said they will be
added as soon as possible, making it possible for visitors to check out the
markets without first stopping at the chamber office or a market to pick up a
brochure. The chamber's phone number is 743-6501.

Appeal-Democrat reporter John Dickey can be reached at 749-4711. You may e-mail
him at jdickey@appealdemocrat.com

To see more of the Appeal-Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.appeal-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070810-MY-Chamber-s-map-a-big-hit-0810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MY


                         Copyright 2007 Appeal-Democrat


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 10, 2007 Friday

Chamber's produce map a big hit: Guide makes it easier to find roadside stands

BYLINE: John Dickey, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 452 words


Aug. 10--Summer in Yuba-Sutter means luscious melons, juicy peaches and ripe
tomatoes for those willing to check out a farmers market or two -- one of the
bonuses of living in a state known for its agriculture.

But market-goers might be surprised at how varied Yuba-Sutter's harvest is.

A new "Map of Yuba-Sutter Farm Stands" put out by the Yuba-Sutter Chamber of
Commerce lists 30 stands. Fruits and vegetables abound, of course, but some
stands specialize in roses, mushrooms and olive oil.

"I was quite surprised myself, because I had no idea there was this many," said
Cherie Stephens, co-owner of Stephens Farmhouse, a farmers market on Highway 99
south of Yuba City.

The map has been a surprise hit in the chamber's tourism promotion efforts,
which put out four guides using tourism money from area cities and counties.
County ag commissioners and the Yuba-Sutter Farm Bureau helped with the market
brochure.

"This one has gotten the best response," said Laura Nicholson, the chamber's
executive director and CEO.

Stephens Farmhouse has already given out most of its copies. They have also been
going fast at the chamber, which has given away 5,000 of the 7,500 map copies
published since they were available July 31, with another 1,000 sent to the
California State Fair.

"I would love to double the number," said Nicholson.

With 30 markets -- plus one more that surfaced after the guide was published --
Yuba-Sutter's roadside produce stands could be a big enough draw to brings
outsiders up here, increasing the area's tourism prospects.

One busload of Bay Area residents came to Yuba-Sutter in June to check out the
agriculture.

"There's a lot of people looking for locally grown fruits and vegetables and ag
products," said chamber Chairman Bob Harlan.

Tourism has been a recent focus of the chamber, which put out the brochures and
also started a Web site to promote the area, www.visityubasutter.com.

While the markets were not on the Web site Thursday, Nicholson said they will be
added as soon as possible, allowing visitors to check out the markets without
first stopping at the chamber office or a market to pick up a brochure. The
chamber's phone number is 743-6501.

Appeal-Democrat reporter John Dickey can be reached at 749-4711. You may e-mail
him at jdickey@appealdemocrat.com

To see more of the Appeal-Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.appeal-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070810-MY-Chamber-s-produce-map-a-big-hit-0810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MY


                         Copyright 2007 Appeal-Democrat


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             July 2, 2009 Thursday

Farmers market opens downtown

BYLINE: Paula J. Owen

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 720 words

DATELINE: FITCHBURG


FITCHBURG - Farmers markets have been a long-standing tradition in many
communities, and Fitchburg has a bounty of local farmers, artisans, crafters and
entertainers that organizers hope will make its farmers market flourish at its
new location at Riverfront Park.

The first free Farmers Market will be held from 3 to 7 p.m. today at the park
and then from 3 to 7 p.m. every Thursday until fall, rain or shine.

For years, the market was

at the Wallace Civic Center parking lot, but few vendors participated and it was
not well-attended.

The Fitchburg Farmers Market Association was formed this spring to remedy the
low turnout. Eight people have coordinated a festive farmers market in downtown
next to the Nashua River in short time.

David C. Gordon, a retired electrical engineer from Fitchburg, is chairman of
the committee. He is no stranger to farming and admits he has strong feelings
about it.

He grew up on a 140-acre working dairy farm in Orange now known as the Farm
School, a nonprofit agricultural school.

"Once you have grown up and lived on a farm, those experiences are with you your
whole life," he said. "Those experiences never go away, no matter where you live
and what you do for a living. It is nice to know that I am contributing to
giving present-day farmers an opportunity to survive and prosper."

Also on the committee is Sheila Lumi, its marketing manager and coordinator for
the North Central Women, Infants, and Children food supplement program. Though
never a farmer, she too is a promoter of eating local, fresh produce.

She said the market's new location is beautiful and will help revitalize
downtown.

"When I first walked to the park, I though it was so beautiful and relaxing,"
she said. "It is an oasis in the middle of the city, and we wanted people to
know it is there. It also fits in with encouraging healthy lifestyles and
community and getting to know who your neighbors are."

The WIC program provides participants with coupons for fresh fruits and
vegetables that can be redeemed at the markets, she said, to encourage
participants to incorporate more healthy eating habits into their diets.

However, she said redemption rates were low at the Wallace site, owing in part
to the lack of public transportation.

"It is good to have a farmers market more accessible and to get it closer to
Main Street, where there is public transportation," she said. "Our mission is to
promote eating fresh fruits and vegetables, but you can't tell people you have
to eat them and not make it easy to get or educate them on how to prepare them."

The committee is emphasizing local farmer participation, she said, and is
getting as many Fitchburg farms involved as possible.

One of those is Marshall Farm, a 50-acre farm that has been active over 100
years. Its general manager, Kelly A. Joseph, said she is excited about the new
location.

She said the committee is doing a great job promoting the event. Marshall Farm
participated in markets at the Wallace site, she said, but attendance was low
owing to a lack of promotion and accessibility.

"I am totally excited about it, and I think it is a great opportunity," she
said. "I think it is going to go really well, and hopefully all the rain is
behind us and we'll have some good weather and a great turnout."

She said Marshall Farm will be selling a wide variety of vegetables, apples,
pumpkins, baked goods and fudge.

Many ethnic groups are farming in the city, Mr. Gordon said, including a large
Hmong farming population. The committee hopes to tap into those resources for
future markets, he said.

Mr. Gordon said the market will be coordinated with the city's First Thursday
celebrations, and will be one of the trolley stops during those events. Plans to
add a free family movie showing in the park after the market are in the works,
he said, and the committee is working with Cornerstone Performing Arts Center
for student participation.

At the first market, items for sale will include local produce, jewelry, soaps
and lotions, baked goods, honey, maple syrup and books and CDs on farming.
Several area nonprofit organizations and local artisans and musicians will also
set up tables.

Volunteers and vendors are still needed. For more information, visit
www.fitchburgfarmersmarket.com.

There is no charge for vendors this year, but there is a screening process.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FITCHBURG - Farmers markets have been a long-standing tradition in many
communities, and Fitchburg has a bounty of local farmers, artisans, crafters and
entertainers that organizers hope will make its farmers market flourish at its
new location at Riverfront Park.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 8, 2014 Tuesday

Fayetteville officials plan to expand downtown farmers' market site

BYLINE: Andrew Barksdale, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 676 words


July 08--Fayetteville officials plan to expand a downtown site where farmers and
craft makers sell their products.

Within two weeks, the city plans to temporarily close one block of Franklin
Street and one block of Ray Avenue next to the Fayetteville Area Transportation
and Local History Museum.

The closures would only be Wednesday afternoons and Saturday mornings, when two
markets are selling a menagerie of fruit and vegetables, jams, breads, jewelry,
water colors, pottery and soaps.

The idea, city officials said at a meeting Monday, is to create more room for
farmers to sell their produce from the back of their pickups parked in the
closed-off streets.

And the city plans to rechristen the site the "Fayetteville Market" on signs
that will go up with the barricades, along with detour signs directing traffic
to Russell Street one block over.

Officials hope the expansion will help heal a rift among some members of the two
markets, which have different rules on locally grown produce, and entice more
farmers to come back downtown.

The two groups are the loosely organized City Market at the Museum, which has no
restrictions on where produce is grown, and the county-oriented Farmers Market
Association, which limits produce to within 50 miles of Fayetteville.

Some association members don't want to sell their locally grown products next to
City Market vendors who may have purchased the same type of produce in another
state.

Cumberland County Commissioner Jimmy Keefe announced at Monday's meeting the
Farmers Market Association is planning to set up a pop-up tent market at the
commissary on Fort Bragg soon, but he thought there would be enough support
among the association to continue setting up twice a week at the transportation
museum.

"We can try that for a year, and get everyone comfortable with it," Keefe said,
referring to the expanded site downtown.

Both markets have been operating side by side at the transportation museum since
2011, although participation by the Farmers Market Association has dwindled this
year.

In May, the association began having a pop-up tent market in the Bronco Square
shopping center on Murchison Road.

Based on Monday's discussion, it appears a consultant's recommendation to move
the traditional farmers market of selling produce from the grounds of the
transportation museum to the underused ground floor of the nearby Franklin
Street parking deck is off the table.

The main reason, according to Deputy City Manager Rochelle Small-Toney, is the
complicated federal requirements that would have to be followed because the city
used tax-exempt bonds to help pay for the parking deck. The Farmers Market
Association, for instance, would have to sign a lease with the city and pay an
undetermined amount of fees for use of the garage, she said.

The idea would require further research by the city's bond lawyers, and any
lease would need approval by the City Council, which doesn't meet again until
August. It's unlikely that such an arrangement could be made for this growing
season, Small-Toney said.

Keefe had another reason for wanting to keep the farmers market downtown: the
county's Health Department has until August to spend the remaining funds -- how
much, officials at Monday's meeting didn't know -- of a federal health-promotion
grant that could be used to advertise the farmers market or pay for tents and
tables.

Mayor Nat Robertson, who attended the meeting, told the group he thought closing
Franklin Street, even temporarily, would be too disruptive to local businesses.
City employees said they could close Ray Avenue at first, and leave Franklin
Street open, if there wasn't enough demand.

Robertson said he supports relocating the farmers market to the parking deck,
but he wasn't sure if a majority of the City Council felt the same way.

Staff writer Andrew Barksdale can be reached at barksdalea@fayobserver.com or
486-3565.

___ (c)2014 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140708-FY-Fayetteville-officials-plan-to-expand-downtown-
farmers-market-site-0708-20140708

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2014 The Fayetteville Observer


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                          September 20, 2007 Thursday

ENERGY GEEKS: FARMERS MARKET: MONEY WISELY SPENT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B-12

LENGTH: 514 words


Dear Energy Geeks

I have always taken my Saturday morning walk to the local farmers market because
I really like to cook with fresh foods just harvested. Nothing tastes better. A
friend told me that I was contributing to sustainability and saving energy
because I was not driving. How much energy am I really saving?

Ms. Anita Towne

Dear Ms. Anita Towne,

You are in fact contributing in a very direct way to your community's
sustainability and health in a multitude of ways.

First as your friend points out, you are not driving, one of the largest and
economically impacting things Americans do. One gallon of gasoline is the energy
equivalent of enough electricity to power an average home in Taos for about five
days.

Secondly, The Taos Farmers Market is for food producers (farmers) only. This
means that every dollar you spend at The farmers market goes directly to the
producer or grower of the food you eat, supporting your neighbor.

On an energy level, this is really big. No large transportation costs, no
refrigeration costs and minimally processed foods means very little fossil fuels
used to get the product to your mouth. This also keeps community dollars at home
and helps small growers to keep producing.

During World War II, our governments encouraged citizens to grow gardens to save
fuel and keep healthy, a form of "Homeland Security". Today we have lost a great
deal of agricultural land in the Taos bio-region because production farming
elsewhere and cheap energy replaced locally grown foods. Some traditional foods
that were grown or produced in Taos have disappeared and cannot be purchased
from commercial distributors, but if one looks carefully, you may find them at
the farmers market and nowhere else.

Farming old or heirloom strains of seeds and preparing foods traditional ways
help keep cultures alive and well, another form of sustainability.

Perhaps the biggest piece of the sustainability pie goes to the immeasurable
social aspects. Going to the center of town to pick up your weekly supply of
fresh foods and meeting friends is a sustainability secret known through out the
world. It's what town squares and plazas are designed for, a place for the
community to meet, communicate and do local commerce. Where else can you learn
which garlic is best for baking from the many types available at the farmers
market? In the U.S., we are forgetting how to communicate with each other
directly as we are constantly designing communities for cars and not people.

One may spend a little more on food at the farmers market but remember the song
"money can't buy true love and home grown tomatoes"? You may or may not find
true love at the farmers market, but you certainly can buy a home grown tomato.

The Energy Geeks

Energy Geeks reside at Valverde Energy. Our writing objective is to impart
knowledge and understanding in the subject of energy. Questions, whether
invented or not, originate from our files and experience. Fictitious names are
used to protect the innocent. Energy Geeks reserves the right for unabashed
self-promotion and opinion.

* info@energygeeks.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                            March 26, 2009 Thursday

Americans taste the good oil

BYLINE: MORGAN Jon

SECTION: BUSINESS; FARMING; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1491 words


The personal touch is winning a New Zealand olive oil company customers in the
United States.

--------------------

ASK Wayne Startup how American shoppers react to tasting the olive oil his
company, The Village Press, sells in hundreds of United States and Canadian
supermarkets and his face lights up.

In an atrocious American accent he drawls, " 'Olive oil? I didn't know you guys
grew olives down there?' They're intrigued to start with, then they taste. 'Hey,
this is pretty good. It must be expensive coming all that way. How much?' $9.99
on the shelf right there, ma'am. 'Really? That's very reasonable'."

He and wife Maureen can be found offering their oils to American shoppers four
or five times a year in visits they make to their biggest market. The tastings
are a good way to tell the customer their story and receive instant feedback.

It's a long way from the bustling streets of the big cities of America to a
farmers' market in a paddock at the Hawke's Bay showgrounds, but the Startups
can be found there, also, telling the same story. It's about beautiful, scenic
New Zealand and its sun-drenched food basket, Hawke's Bay. And it's about how
they grow the olives and press the oil, then package it and bring it to market.

The reactions of tasters in both places are much the same, Mr Startup says.

"We believe that once people stop and taste our oil the quality of it is self-
evident. When they say it must be expensive and you tell them it's available at
their local supermarket, it's 'wow, wow, wow'."

Some become big fans. Take the couple in Austin, Texas, whom Mr Startup
describes as "our informants on the ground". "Every other week I'll get an email
from them saying something like, 'Your product's in a bad position in Whole
Foods in Austin. If it's OK with you, I'll go and speak to the grocery buyer'."

It's not just the customers, either. The Village Press oils are regular gold
medal winners in oil industry awards and had two oils in the top three of a
recent blind tasting by Consumer magazine.

The company's biggest marketing coup, winning access to Whole Foods Market's 270
United States stores, came after a rigorous judging process that put it up
against 700 oils from 78 countries. Only three oils were chosen for the chain's
stores, two of them from The Village Press.

Whole Foods sprang from farmers' markets and claims to be the world's biggest
natural and organic supermarket chain. Mr Startup says New Zealand's reputation
as an authentic, trustworthy food producer rated highly, as did The Village
Press manzanillo and picual oils' low acidity and distinct taste.

Also important to Whole Foods was the company's ability to support its supply
chain. It was able to point to the New Zealand supermarkets as an example. Early
on, supermarket sales were identified as the best way to expand the business. Mr
Startup, a chartered accountant, cut prices, organised sales representation
throughout the country, hired merchandisers to keep shelves stocked and
committed to promotions and instore tastings.

The rapid growth of the business is the story behind the story. Mr and Mrs
Startup are pioneers of the olive oil industry, first planting olives on their
3-hectare Havelock North lifestyle block in 1991. As plantings began to increase
in Hawke's Bay they formed a syndicate with other growers to press the fruit for
oil.

When the first bottles were well- received the couple realised olive oil could
be more than a fad. They began to plan for the future, thinking about economies
of scale for growing, harvesting and marketing. They began organising other
syndicates and with three investors formed The Village Press to build a
specialised processing operation.

They now have seven syndicates in Hawke's Bay supplying fruit from 25,000 trees
on 20-year contracts. Other growers in Wairarapa, Kapiti, Marlborough, Nelson,
Gisborne, Bay of Plenty, Auckland and North Auckland also supply olives.

Oil production last year was 120,000 litres and the plan is to lift that to
400,000 litres over the next six years. Extra trees will not be needed in
Hawke's Bay - improvements in tree and soil management and in natural growth are
expected to double oil output - and more growers are signing up each year.

The business was formed in 1997 but such has been the rate of expansion and
constant need for funds that all income has been reinvested and the four
shareholders have all regularly been called on to inject more money.

"The capital required has been more and the need for it has gone on for longer
than anyone would have expected at the start of the journey," Mr Startup says.

Asked when a payoff might be, he replies: "I believe it is imminent. The only
rider on that is that you can see from the growth projections that you don't
grow from 120,000 litres to 400,000 litres without requiring more working
capital. None of the shareholders want a dividend at the risk of not achieving
those end goals of production and sales."

While the export market, which takes 60 per cent of The Village Press'
production, looks highly promising, New Zealand sales have also been escalating.

Supermarket sales in December were 75 per cent up on the previous December and
January was 62 per cent up on that month a year ago. Much of that is down to an
expanded distribution into more stores, but Mr Startup also believes it is due
to the hard work of tastings in stores, at farmers' markets and food shows and
indicates the public's acceptance of price and quality.

The scope is for much more growth, he says. New Zealand supermarket sales of
olive oil total $33 million, but New Zealand-produced extra virgin olive oil
accounts for just 1.39 per cent of that. The Village Press' share is 0.94 per
cent. Mr Startup won't reveal income figures or say what investment has been
needed to reach this stage, but calculations based on the New Zealand market -
40 per cent of the business - indicate overall sales of more than $8 million a
year.

Britain shaped up as an important market a few years ago, with a big deal with
supermarket chain Tesco, but foundered on exorbitant conditions.

"They wanted us to spend (PndStlg)30,000 ($78NZ,000) a year on promotion, which
we thought was disproportionate to the level of sales, and in addition they
wanted us to do a buy-one-get-one-free promotion three or four times a year. We
made the loss of one bottle but Tesco still took their gross margin off two
bottles. All of a sudden there was nothing there for us, so we gave up on them."

Meanwhile, the hard work goes on in North America. Mr Startup is full of praise
for the support he has received from New Zealand Trade and Enterprise.

Together they have pinpointed the right people to deal with - five key brand
managers, their favoured brokers, who present and place products with stores,
and the brokers' favoured distributors.

He describes the US market as being not complicated but complex.

"Knowing who's who in the marketplace is critical. For example, there's a
90-store chain in the northeast that deals only with one distributor and he
works with only one broker. So, even if you get the stores really keen on your
product but you don't have your product distributed or brokered by the people
they prefer to deal with the chances of getting there are zero."

He says it is crucial to be constantly in touch with the key people in the
market. He visits four or five times a year and uses Skype to keep in daily
contact.

"Typically, we find that supermarkets want to deal with as few suppliers as
possible. So we've expanded our range to include avocado oil. It uses our
equipment out of season and we're dealing with the same category buyers in the
supermarket. It can be a deal-maker. Avocado oil can open the door for olive oil
and vice versa."

The Village Press has also diversified into infused oil, where diced lime or
lemon is put it into the press at the same time as the olives.

The rewards of the work keep coming. The Startups are just back from a three-
day trade show at Anaheim, California, where they signed up with another 170
stores and two big distribution networks.

The global recession is having a mixed effect. Demand from restaurants and
hotels has fallen as diners eat out less. But retail sales are increasing, as
people entertain more at home. "They're shouting themselves small luxuries, such
as a better wine and a better cut of meat, and a better oil to cook it in."

And if there's a story behind the product, that's even better. Mr Startup's fake
American accent reappears: "We've got this wonderful olive oil from Noo Zealand,
you know - that beautiful country they showed in Lord of the Rings. I met the
guy who makes it in the supermarket just the other day."

--------------------

CAPTION:

Pressing business: "When they say it must be expensive and you tell them it's
available at their local supermarket, it's 'wow wow wow'," says Wayne Startup of
the reception his Village Press olive oil gets from United States consumers.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2017 Saturday

Mississippi: MSU trains Feb. 24 on acidified canning, safety

LENGTH: 211  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Mississippi State University Extension has issued the following news
release:



 Farmers market vendors and cottage food industry owners are invited to expand
their knowledge at a Feb. 24 workshop covering food safety basics and
regulations for processing acidified foods in Mississippi.





 The Mississippi State University Extension Service and the MSU Department of
Food Science, Nutrition and Health Promotion is offering training on acidified
canned foods and general food safety. The workshop will last from 8:30 a.m. to
noon at the Coastal Research and Extension Center in Biloxi. Preregistration is
required and must be received by Feb. 20. The cost to attend is $15.



 "Whether you have a business that you wish to expand, you want to enter new
market avenues or you are just in the planning stages, the acidified canned
foods training will be helpful to you," said Courtney Crist, Extension professor
of food safety and an event coordinator. "The general farmers market food safety
training is highly recommended for all processed food vendors who attend
Mississippi certified farmers markets or sell at their farms of other
locations."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 536  words


Bella Bean Organics expands delivery

DURHAM - The online farmers' market company Bella Bean Organics is expanding
home delivery of produce, eggs, meat and specialty foods outside of the Piedmont
into North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, Maryland and Washington, D.C., in
May, according to a news release.

Since purchasing Bella Bean Organics in 2012, Coon Rock Farm owners and
entrepreneurs Jamie DeMent and Richard Holcomb have increased the product
selection, geographic delivery footprint and customer base of the business,
according to a news release.

The farm provides produce, meat and eggs to Bella Bean Organics as well as to
more than 500 community-supported agriculture subscriptions, five farmers
markets and to its downtown Durham restaurant, Piedmont.

Bella Bean sells products from about 50 local farms for products ranging from
African collards and oak-grown shiitakes, to bacon, grass-fed beef, heirloom
turkeys, sustainably caught seafood and rbGH-free milk.

It also offers flour and heirloom grains, a gluten-free line of products,
artisan breads, nut butters and locally roasted coffee and tea harvested in
South Carolina.

Orders for Bella Bean Organics are requested by 5 p.m. on Fridays. They're
delivered the following Tuesday or Wednesday. A $20 minimum purchase is
required. Find out more or place orders at http://market.bellabeanorganics.com/.

Cree honored with four other N.C. companies

DURHAM - Durham-based Cree Inc. was honored by the U.S. Environmental Protection
Agency and the U.S. Department of Energy along with four other North Carolina
companies with 2014 Energy Star Awards, according to a news release.

The awards were given to 127 organizations for their "commitment to protecting
the environment through superior energy efficiency."

Salisbury-based Food Lion, which is part of the Delhaize America, and
Winston-Salem-based Hanesbrands Inc. got Partner of the Year-Sustained
Excellence awards. Winston-Salem-based Nationwide Marketing Group and
Sanford-based Pentair Aquatic Systems got Partner of the Year awards.

Durham-based Cree got the Excellence Award, which is given to honor an
organization's "specific activities to promote energy-efficient products, homes
or buildings."

IBM exec to keynote NCTA tech conference

RALEIGH - The N.C. Technology Association is holding its State of Technology
conference May 16 at the Sheraton Imperial Hotel and Convention Center in
Durham.

The opening keynote will be delivered by Jerry Cuomo, chief technology officer
of IBM's WebSphere business.

Other speakers will include Joe Colopy, CEO of Durham-based Bronto Software, Tim
Campbell, information technology director for SAS, and Josh Jewett, chief
information officer for Family Dollar.

The theme of the conference is "Preparing Your Business for the Mobile
Revolution." It will showcase companies integrating "disruptive mobile
technologies.

There will also be breakout sessions covering mobile strategy issues including
mobile work force, information technology consumerization, utilizing analytics
for mobile business intelligence, digital marketing, mobile security and mobile
infrastructure.

A complete list of panelists and their respective breakouts can be found at
www.stateoftech-nc.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                 June 12, 2006

Big chain stores 'a threat to Scottish produce';
MSPs call for more support

BYLINE: ROBBIE DINWOODIE CHIEF SCOTTISH POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 665 words



HIGHLIGHT: HOME GROWN: The farmers' market in Partick, Glasgow. MSPs are calling
for ministers' support for Scottish produce in supermarkets. Picture: Steve
Welsh


SCOTTISH produce is in danger of disappearing from supermarket shelves unless
action is taken to curb their "immense" power.

MSPs are urging ministers to do everything possible to support Scottish produce,
according to a report today.

Farmers' markets and other direct marketing should be encouraged, said the
parliament's environment and rural development committee, which was scathing
about the Office of Fair Trading's view that the current supermarket code of
practice was working well.

"Tesco stated that it does not set prices directly for farmers, " said the
report. "However, evidence to the committee in regard to the milk sector in
particular indicated that harsh competitive tendering processes have driven down
milk prices.

"While contracts may not be between supermarkets and producers, the
supermarkets' influence on processors, and on all on-going negotiations in the
complex supply chain, is immense. The committee also heard evidence that the
lack of transparency in the system affects the ability of farmers to negotiate
their contracts with processors."

The MSPs called on the executive to to "use every avenue to promote procurement
of local produce" and demanded to know what the executive is doing to "support
and co-ordinate the development of farmers' markets and ensure their quality and
contribution to town centre viability".

The report called on ministers to use contact with the supermarkets to influence
their contract practices, particularly over the effect of food promotions, and
to ensure that any food rejected by supermarkets, for what may be cosmetic
reasons, is allowed to reach other outlets.

When a discount supplier offers a basic product at low price, rival chains often
seek to demand that the price of higher quality produce is driven down,
regardless of production cost. "Two-for-one" offers often depend on farmers
accepting a greatly lowered price, although Tesco insisted that they benefit the
farmer because of the increase in volume sold. The committee considered that a
focus on the prices consumers face in the immediate term presents far too narrow
an interpretation of "the consumer interest", and is not an adequate basis on
which to judge whether collaboration and integration in the supply chain, or
wider competition factors in the sector, are in the public interest.

The committee argued that both the Scottish Consumer Council and the competition
authorities should take a wider and longer-term view about what kind of
indigenous agricultural sector would result from their narrow focus.

"Allowing a short-term focus solely on the current prices faced by consumers
risks undermining the viability of farm businesses, which will have long-term
effects on the choice, freshness, quality and price of food available to
consumers, " the report argued.

"The committee also considers that the OFT's view of how the supermarket code of
practice should work is unrealistic and contributes to the current system being
ineffectual. The committee does not accept that the current system is working
well, and believes that a different form of regulation is required, " said the
report.

Sarah Boyack, the Labour MSP and convener of the committe said: "There are some
issues that the executive could act on, and we have raised some of them
repeatedly - greater emphasis on support for farmers and producers.

"Improved support for collaboration in the supply chain, such as greater
financial and political support for the development of agricultural
co-operatives, is essential. We also want to see the executive use public
procurement much more actively and creatively to support local food economies."

Eleanor Scott, the Green MSP and deputy convener of the committee, said: "This
report confirms what Greens have argued all along - that the code of practice is
not working, that supermarkets need to be regulated more effectively and that
consumers, farmers, and the environment will ultimately lose out if these
serious and pressing issues are not addressed."

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER

JOURNAL-CODE: GHERLD


                      Copyright 2006 Newsquest Media Group
                              All rights reserved


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           January 16, 2013 Wednesday

The Time is Ripe: Pacific Coast Farmers' Market is 25 this year

BYLINE: By Vince Scalise Columnist

SECTION: MY TOWN; Central Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 351 words


A new year is upon us, and this year Pacific Coast Farmers' Market Association
celebrates 25 years of bringing you fresh California produce to certified
farmers markets in your neighborhood, delivered directly from farmer to you.

Celebrate with us as we offer special anniversary events at your market.

Right now there is fabulous citrus available, just in time to keep all those
winter colds at bay. Loaded with vitamin C and antioxidants, it's a tasty way to
prevent illness.

Diaz Farms and Aoyama Farms will have navel oranges, tangerines, blood oranges,
kumquats, lemons, grapefruit and pomelos at their booths. J&J Ramos Farm also
has a nice variety of juicy citrus.

Farm-fresh eggs are here at Great Valley Poultry for a little protein in your
diet. Nunez Farm and Halog Farm have very fresh vegetables like spinach,
cauliflower, beets, broccoli, onions, carrots and more for fiber and other
nutrients. And Bistro Blends has good-for-you olive oils and balsamic vinegars
that make any salad or marinade taste great.

There are delectable whole grain and whole wheat breads at Michelle's Golden
Brown Breads, and sweet local honey from Diablo Creek Apiary.

Fontana Farms has wonderful jams and sauces made with fresh fruits and spices.
They also have delicious omega 3-rich nuts for snacking.

And don't forget to de-stress this month after a busy holiday season with some
soothing handmade soaps from Delta Moon Soapworks. Bouquets of fresh cut flowers
at Ochoa Nursery or a gorgeous orchid from Rose Mae Orchids will brighten your
day.

There's nothing more important to your health this year than getting lots of
fruits and vegetables, whole grains and fiber into your diet, and the farmers
market is the place to go for all good things local.

So eat healthy! And come help us celebrate 25 years of serving the community
with fresh produce, fun events and great music. See you at the market!

The Time is Ripe is a monthly column written by Vince Scalise, market operations
manager, and Debra Morris, promotions coordinator, for the Pacific Coast
Farmers' Market Association. Contact them atmrcarrot@pcfma.com .---

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           January 16, 2013 Wednesday

The Time is Ripe: Pacific Coast Farmers' Market is 25 this year

BYLINE: By Vince Scalise Columnist

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 351 words


A new year is upon us, and this year Pacific Coast Farmers' Market Association
celebrates 25 years of bringing you fresh California produce to certified
farmers markets in your neighborhood, delivered directly from farmer to you.

Celebrate with us as we offer special anniversary events at your market.

Right now there is fabulous citrus available, just in time to keep all those
winter colds at bay. Loaded with vitamin C and antioxidants, it's a tasty way to
prevent illness.

Diaz Farms and Aoyama Farms will have navel oranges, tangerines, blood oranges,
kumquats, lemons, grapefruit and pomelos at their booths. J&J Ramos Farm also
has a nice variety of juicy citrus.

Farm-fresh eggs are here at Great Valley Poultry for a little protein in your
diet. Nunez Farm and Halog Farm have very fresh vegetables like spinach,
cauliflower, beets, broccoli, onions, carrots and more for fiber and other
nutrients. And Bistro Blends has good-for-you olive oils and balsamic vinegars
that make any salad or marinade taste great.

There are delectable whole grain and whole wheat breads at Michelle's Golden
Brown Breads, and sweet local honey from Diablo Creek Apiary.

Fontana Farms has wonderful jams and sauces made with fresh fruits and spices.
They also have delicious omega 3-rich nuts for snacking.

And don't forget to de-stress this month after a busy holiday season with some
soothing handmade soaps from Delta Moon Soapworks. Bouquets of fresh cut flowers
at Ochoa Nursery or a gorgeous orchid from Rose Mae Orchids will brighten your
day.

There's nothing more important to your health this year than getting lots of
fruits and vegetables, whole grains and fiber into your diet, and the farmers
market is the place to go for all good things local.

So eat healthy! And come help us celebrate 25 years of serving the community
with fresh produce, fun events and great music. See you at the market!

The Time is Ripe is a monthly column written by Vince Scalise, market operations
manager, and Debra Morris, promotions coordinator, for the Pacific Coast
Farmers' Market Association. Contact them atmrcarrot@pcfma.com .

---

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Bristol Evening Post

                          September 11, 2013 Wednesday

Farmers' market to return to Tewkesbury

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 301  words


By Robin JENKINS

A REGULAR farmers' market is to be held in Tewkesbury for the first time in six
years.

It will showcase local produce, arts and crafts  and will operate on the Abbey
Lawn Trust car park in Gander Lane, between 9am and 1.30pm on the second
Saturday of each month.

The dates for 2013 are October 12, November 9 and December 14.

Fresh local meats, homemade cakes, breads, preserves, seasonal fruit and
vegetables will be on offer, and there will also be a wide range of traditional
and contemporary crafts. The market is being organised by the Tewkesbury Town
Team in partnership with Grenchurch Markets.

The town team, made up of retailers, representatives of business groups and
members of Tewkesbury Town Centre Community Engagement Advisory Group, was set
up as part of the national Mary Portas High Street Review and received £10,000
in government funding aimed at revitalising town centres.

Chairman Dan Blake said: "Getting this market going has been one the key
objectives of the town team and we are delighted to have made this possible."

The market is returning to the place where it was held on a Saturday for five
years until it was switched to Spring Gardens on a Thursday.

That happened in 2007 after the Abbey Lawn Trust said it wanted to increase the
amount of rent being paid by Grenchurch for having the market on its land.

But the switch was not a success and the event stopped later that year.

Now the borough council, which is  promoting the new farmers' market, says
everyone involved hopes it will be popular with residents and visitors.

The council's lead member for economic development and promotion, Councillor
Dave Waters (C, Coombe Hill) said: "We're really hoping to get interest from a
wide range of stall holders to help make this new market a really fantastic
experience."

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 25


                      Copyright 2013 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

The Time is Ripe by Debra Morris: Holiday gifts at farmers market

BYLINE: By Debra Morris Columnist

SECTION: MY TOWN; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 476 words


The hustle and bustle of the holidays is upon us. Decorating, baking, shopping
and wrapping seem to make us all crazy.

Here's a thought -- how about slowing down and getting back to basics. Scale
back on manic preparations, excessive gift giving and big parties. Make it a
slower and evenly-paced season so you can enjoy each moment and avoid the panic
we often feel as the big day draws near.

Take a deep breath and simplify the holiday season. The farmers market is a
great place to slow down, talk with your neighbors and your farmers, and select
unique locally-grown products that will really mean something to the recipient.

Many producers have gift selections already boxed and ready to take home. Other
producers can help you gather an assortment of items to make your own basket of
goodies. Here are a few farmers market favorites:

Olive oil and balsamic vinegar in special gift boxes from Bistro Blends

Handmade soaps, body lotions, bath salts and beeswax candles from Delta Moon
Soaps

Local honey from Diablo Creek Apiary, fresh-baked bread from Le Croissant, and
jams and jellies

Cookies, muffins and pastries from our bakeries; add your own favorite coffee
beans and mug

A gorgeous orchid from Rose Mae Orchids

A selection of pastas, sauces, olive oil and a baguette

A big basket filled with famous California citrus -- tangerines, oranges,
grapefruit, lemons, limes from Diaz Farms or Cortez Farms

A selection of dried fruits, nuts, smoked salmon and cheeses. Add your own
crackers, cheese plate and knife

Vegetable soup fixings like carrots, celery, onions, potatoes, kale and
mushrooms from several of the market's veggie growers, along with a soup bowl,
recipe and soup spoon

Poinsettia, handmade wreath or fresh centerpiece from Sunrise Nursery.

Don't forget you can also pick up your holiday meal fixin's at the market as
well.

Divide Ranch has grass-fed beef, Nunez Farms takes care of all your vegetable
needs, and pies are ready to go from Heidi's Pies.

So relax and take some family time, cut back on outside commitments, and
simplify holiday preparations and decorating.

Enjoy shopping for fresh locally made produce and other local gifts and you're
sure to appreciate the holidays that much more.

Happy Holidays to all!

Farmers markets are open rain or shine.

The Concord farmers market is from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Tuesdays, year-round; and
from 4 to 8 p.m. Thursdays from the spring through fall, at Todos Santos Plaza,
at Willow Pass Road and Grant Street.

The Clayton seasonal farmers market is from 8 a.m. to noon Saturdays, on Diablo
Street between Main and Center streets. It is currently closed and will return
in the spring.

Visit www.pcfma.com or call 800-949-FARM (800-949-3276).

The Time is Ripe is a monthly column written by Debra Morris, promotions
coordinator for the Pacific Coast Farmers' Market Association. Contact her at
debramorris@pcfma.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

The Time is Ripe by Debra Morris: Holiday gifts at farmers market

BYLINE: By Debra Morris Columnist

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 476 words


The hustle and bustle of the holidays is upon us. Decorating, baking, shopping
and wrapping seem to make us all crazy.

Here's a thought -- how about slowing down and getting back to basics. Scale
back on manic preparations, excessive gift giving and big parties. Make it a
slower and evenly-paced season so you can enjoy each moment and avoid the panic
we often feel as the big day draws near.

Take a deep breath and simplify the holiday season. The farmers market is a
great place to slow down, talk with your neighbors and your farmers, and select
unique locally-grown products that will really mean something to the recipient.

Many producers have gift selections already boxed and ready to take home. Other
producers can help you gather an assortment of items to make your own basket of
goodies. Here are a few farmers market favorites:

Olive oil and balsamic vinegar in special gift boxes from Bistro Blends

Handmade soaps, body lotions, bath salts and beeswax candles from Delta Moon
Soaps

Local honey from Diablo Creek Apiary, fresh-baked bread from Le Croissant, and
jams and jellies

Cookies, muffins and pastries from our bakeries; add your own favorite coffee
beans and mug

A gorgeous orchid from Rose Mae Orchids

A selection of pastas, sauces, olive oil and a baguette

A big basket filled with famous California citrus -- tangerines, oranges,
grapefruit, lemons, limes from Diaz Farms or Cortez Farms

A selection of dried fruits, nuts, smoked salmon and cheeses. Add your own
crackers, cheese plate and knife

Vegetable soup fixings like carrots, celery, onions, potatoes, kale and
mushrooms from several of the market's veggie growers, along with a soup bowl,
recipe and soup spoon

Poinsettia, handmade wreath or fresh centerpiece from Sunrise Nursery.

Don't forget you can also pick up your holiday meal fixin's at the market as
well.

Divide Ranch has grass-fed beef, Nunez Farms takes care of all your vegetable
needs, and pies are ready to go from Heidi's Pies.

So relax and take some family time, cut back on outside commitments, and
simplify holiday preparations and decorating.

Enjoy shopping for fresh locally made produce and other local gifts and you're
sure to appreciate the holidays that much more.

Happy Holidays to all!

Farmers markets are open rain or shine.

The Concord farmers market is from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Tuesdays, year-round; and
from 4 to 8 p.m. Thursdays from the spring through fall, at Todos Santos Plaza,
at Willow Pass Road and Grant Street.

The Clayton seasonal farmers market is from 8 a.m. to noon Saturdays, on Diablo
Street between Main and Center streets. It is currently closed and will return
in the spring.

Visit www.pcfma.com or call 800-949-FARM (800-949-3276).

The Time is Ripe is a monthly column written by Debra Morris, promotions
coordinator for the Pacific Coast Farmers' Market Association. Contact her at
debramorris@pcfma.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             May 25, 2011 Wednesday

Around Antioch: Farmers market open again at Somersville Towne Center

BYLINE: By Maris Bennett For the Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Eastern Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 427 words


Antioch's farmers market returned on May 15 for its second year. Located in the
Somersville Towne Center parking lot adjacent to the Chevron Station, the market
seemed to attract a decent number of visitors on its first day.

A little band playing lively Carlos Santana-like music served as background as
shoppers wandered among the various vendors selling breads, cookies, pita chips,
fruits and vegetables and more.

We returned on May 22, eager to bring home some more of the enormous, juicy
strawberries we had bought the week before at the Lujan Farms stand. Gabriella
Lujan told me this was her first year as a vendor. Traveling up from Hughson had
not been worth it, she continued. If her sales didn't improve, she would not
continue to come.

Matthew DeLosier of Tachella Farms in Brentwood was returning for his second
year and planned to stick out the entire season. Having missed only a couple of
weekends in 2010, he had a more positive attitude. As I spoke with him, a line
of people stood behind me waiting to buy cherries and apricots.

Shawn Lipetzky, market manager, hopes that the greater visibility of the
market's location (last year it had been located farther down, closer to Sears)
will be beneficial. Most visitors show up, he said, in the early hours (the
market runs from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m.), with the last one and a half hours having
slow sales. Lipetzky had attended a couple of City Council meetings last year
when the city considered returning the market to Rivertown, its former location.
With city coffers suffering, however, bringing the market to the downtown
district did not pan out. Mayor Davis, Lipetzky continued, showed up on the
market's first day and appeared to be enthusiastic.

Pamela Gonsalves, guest services director for the mall, believes that the market
and the mall are a good fit. With the market's proximity to Macy's, shoppers may
decide to extend their outing and step inside. Our mall isn't the only one
affected by the economy's downturn, Gonsalves told me. New stores are scheduled
to open in the near future, she said, and the mall constantly strives to help
the existing shops by promotions.

The mall approached the Pacific Coast Farmer's Market Association, according to
Lipetzky, who knows that the likelihood of success rests with exposure. People
know about the Pittsburg and Brentwood farmers markets, the latter having been
in existence for five years.

Have you been to the Antioch farmers market yet? If not, I suggest a visit.

Maris Bennett is an Antioch resident. Contact her at stuckinthe60s@sbcglobal.net
.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             May 25, 2011 Wednesday

Around Antioch: Farmers market open again at Somersville Towne Center

BYLINE: By Maris Bennett For the Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 427 words


Antioch's farmers market returned on May 15 for its second year. Located in the
Somersville Towne Center parking lot adjacent to the Chevron Station, the market
seemed to attract a decent number of visitors on its first day.

A little band playing lively Carlos Santana-like music served as background as
shoppers wandered among the various vendors selling breads, cookies, pita chips,
fruits and vegetables and more.

We returned on May 22, eager to bring home some more of the enormous, juicy
strawberries we had bought the week before at the Lujan Farms stand. Gabriella
Lujan told me this was her first year as a vendor. Traveling up from Hughson had
not been worth it, she continued. If her sales didn't improve, she would not
continue to come.

Matthew DeLosier of Tachella Farms in Brentwood was returning for his second
year and planned to stick out the entire season. Having missed only a couple of
weekends in 2010, he had a more positive attitude. As I spoke with him, a line
of people stood behind me waiting to buy cherries and apricots.

Shawn Lipetzky, market manager, hopes that the greater visibility of the
market's location (last year it had been located farther down, closer to Sears)
will be beneficial. Most visitors show up, he said, in the early hours (the
market runs from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m.), with the last one and a half hours having
slow sales. Lipetzky had attended a couple of City Council meetings last year
when the city considered returning the market to Rivertown, its former location.
With city coffers suffering, however, bringing the market to the downtown
district did not pan out. Mayor Davis, Lipetzky continued, showed up on the
market's first day and appeared to be enthusiastic.

Pamela Gonsalves, guest services director for the mall, believes that the market
and the mall are a good fit. With the market's proximity to Macy's, shoppers may
decide to extend their outing and step inside. Our mall isn't the only one
affected by the economy's downturn, Gonsalves told me. New stores are scheduled
to open in the near future, she said, and the mall constantly strives to help
the existing shops by promotions.

The mall approached the Pacific Coast Farmer's Market Association, according to
Lipetzky, who knows that the likelihood of success rests with exposure. People
know about the Pittsburg and Brentwood farmers markets, the latter having been
in existence for five years.

Have you been to the Antioch farmers market yet? If not, I suggest a visit.

Maris Bennett is an Antioch resident. Contact her at stuckinthe60s@sbcglobal.net
.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             July 15, 2004 Thursday
                             C6 Edition; C9 Edition

Apple orchard a family affair

BYLINE: Amy McLaughlin

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Local beat; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 473 words


While many area farmers markets draw vendors from throughout the Midwest area,
the Arlington Heights market offers a homegrown merchant.

The McIntosh family of Arlington Heights, owners of McIntosh Apple Orchards in
Michigan, are happy to once again be participating in the farmers market in
downtown Arlington Heights.

Bruce McIntosh, along with his wife and four daughters, are offering fresh
fruits and vegetables of the season.

They join 11 other vendors that sell fruits and vegetables, flowers, fresh
salmon and beef, flowers and gourmet food.

The market is open from 7:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. every Saturday through Oct. 16.
Merchants set up their booths along Eastman Street at Evergreen Avenue, next to
North School Park.

"We love participating in the Arlington Heights farmers market," said Toni
McIntosh Davis, one of the four daughters.

"We want the farmers market to continue. We'd like to grow the Arlington Heights
even bigger."

Her sisters Michelle McIntosh Stevens, Cheryl McIntosh Zucchero and Kristin
McIntosh Korda are also involved in running the business.

In 1995, Bruce & Marie McIntosh bought the rundown orchard in South Haven, Mich.

They've revitalized it to become a fully operational fruit orchard specializing
summer fruits and apples. A cider mill and retail store is in the works, Davis
said.

The McIntosh family has lived in Arlington Heights for over 30 years.

Urban Harvest customers get into the groove: Mary Ellen Hogan, owner of Urban
Harvest store in downtown Arlington Heights, said her special construction sale
last weekend generated a lot of interest.

Customers who donned construction garb got special discounts on store items as a
way to make light of all the construction work that's going on outside the
store.

"We've had a tremendous response over here," Hogan said last weekend. "It's just
a buzz."

Other special promotions are planned, as well as construction continues outside
the store at 4 S. Vail. For the next few weeks, workers will be repairing tile
on the building. And crews are working to renovate the small park at Campbell
Street and Vail Avenue.

Through Sunday, Hogan is offering 10 percent discounts to customers who bring in
barbecue utensils. And July 19 through July 25, customers can bring in artwork
done by their children for a 10 percent discount. Finally, July 26 through Aug.
1, customers who bring in flowers - real or paper replica - will get 10 percent
off purchases. Call (847) 623-0860.

Untangling telephone bills: If you've ever wondered what all those charges are
on your phone bills, the Arlington Heights Senior Center has a program for you.
Representatives from the Citizens Utility Board will answer questions and share
information about phone bill charges at a program that starts at 11 a.m. July 22
at the senior center, 1801 W. Central Road. Call (847) 253-5532 for details.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 20, 2005 Thursday

Hertz equipment opens facility in Pachec ...

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 369 words


Hertz equipment opens facility in Pacheco

More than 950 people attended the opening Sept. 23 of the new facility in
Pacheco of Hertz Equipment Rental Corp. (HERC). The event included a lunch
catered by Kinder's Custom Meats and an appearance by Sully, a radio personality
from 107.7 FM "The Bone."

The opening at 30 S. Buchanan Circle was hosted by Mark Hobson, zone manager of
HERC Bay Area, and Pat Collar, branch manager of the Pacheco facility. Also
attending were Martinez Mayor Rob Schroder and members of the Martinez Chamber
of Commerce.

The facility will feature Hertz's newly expanded line of small tools, equipment
and contractors supplies for small to medium-sized contractors and homeowners.
Equipment manufacturers were on hand at the opening to provide product
demonstrations, product support literature and door prizes.

Farmers market season ends next week

The final Pleasant Hill farmers market of the season will be held Saturday, Oct.
29.

Along with vendors from local farms selling fresh-picked fruit and vegetables,
there will be a yoga class led by Amy Eraz from Sugi Studios.

Chef, author, and garden activist Lesley Stiles will be offering a cooking class
with recipes based on foods available at the market.

The farmers market is open from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. in the City Hall parking lot,
at the corner of Gregory Lane and Trelaney Road.

For information, call 925-431-8361 or visit www.cocofarmar.org

Residents sought for board, committees

Residents are asked to help to preserve Pleasant Hill history by applying for a
position on the Friends of Rodgers Ranch board and committees.

Help is needed in public relations, fund raising and children's programs. E-mail
Denise at rodgersranch@yahoo.com

Awards benefit breast health services

Macy's Heart and Soul Awards benefiting Breast Health Services at John Muir/Mt.
Diablo Health System will be held at 6 p.m. (seating begins at 5:30 p.m.) Oct.
20, at Macy's, 1301 Broadway Plaza, Walnut Creek.

Tickets are $10 and include a fashion show, Fashion at its Best 2005.

On Friday Oct. 21, tickets can be used for up to 20 percent off on almost
everything at Macy's in Walnut Creek.

For reservations, call 925-947-4447.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, CA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Sherbrooke Record (Quebec)

                             July 25, 2013 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

The 21st annual potton multicultural festival

BYLINE: Mable Hastings, The Record

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 681 words


Potton residents as well as friends and neighbours are invited to attend the
21st edition of the Potton Multicultural Festival being held in Mansonville from
Friday evening, Aug. 9 to Saturday, all day, Aug. 10 at the "Place Manson" in
the centre of town. Come and celebrate the multi-ethnic community of Potton and
the cultural roots that have shaped the township. This will be Potton's third
"green" festival which means it is low on waste and BIG on fun! On Friday
evening, Aug. 9 from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. there will be Bingo in the big tent and
from 9 p.m. to midnight, live entertainment. Bar services will be offered by the
Mansonville Optimist Club.

On Saturday, Aug. 10 activities held in "Place Manson" begin at 10 a.m., with
the craft tables and kiosks open to the public. At 11 a.m. is the annual parade;
a real crowd favourite. At noon is the official launch of Potton's
Intergenerational Family Policy with free gifts for children and refreshments.
The launch is being held as part of the Multicultural festival in hopes of
reaching as many people as possible. Here is a bit of information on the
Intergenerational Family Policy... The Municipality of Potton received a grant
in November 2011 from the Ministère de la Famille to develop a Family Policy. A
committee was created. The community was called upon for their opinions from
January 2012 to June 2013, to determine the areas of action for families and
seniors.

The main focus points that have been identified are: the stabilization of
childcare services, improved services offered in the two local schools,
affordable housing, improvements to recreational facilities and the better
promotion of community services offered for families and seniors, and the
development of a "Neighbours Helping Neighbours" campaign.

The community of Potton was consulted

using the following methods:  A questionnaire was distributed by mail to all
citizens;  A youth and a senior's focus group were formed and questioned;  A
booth was set up at the Multicultural Festival in August, 2012.

A public consultation was held at Owl's Head in January, 2013; These efforts
have reached 211 people, representing 11 per cent of the total population. This
percentage is above the target set out by the committee. The council adopted the
Action Plan in July 2013.

"Following the launch of the Intergenerational Family Policy on August 10, 2013
a monitoring committee will be set up," said Diane Rypinski-Marcoux, the
Municipal Councillor delegated to the committee. "Its purpose is to ensure the
smooth running of the action plan over the next three years."

Another activity being held at noon on Saturday as part of the Multicultural
festivities is the Ethnic lunch where attendees can savour the flavours of the
international community. Also at noon, the music starts with Polish, Philippine
and Square Dance demonstrations plus other entertainment (detailed program
available at the festival). From 5 to 7 p.m.

is the BBQ Supper with tickets available at a reduced price at local businesses.
p.m. to midnight is music and dancing with the band "BOOM-X" and fireworks will
be held at 9 p.m. Other activities throughout the day include, from noon to 8
p.m., children's inflatable games, book sale and photo contest. A detailed
schedule of activities will be available the day of the Festival.

At the site of the Round Barn from a.m. to 1 p.m. on Saturday, Aug. 10 is the
Farmers Market, guided tours, art exhibit and demonstration. If you haven't had
the chance to visit the Farmer's Market or the Round Barn site, this is a
wonderful opportunity.

The Missisquoi North Youth Centre SADD and FYI groups will be holding an Outdoor
Sale in the backyard and an indoor Malt Shop as part of the Festival day fun on
Saturday, Aug. 10 at the Youth Centre located at 282 Main Street, just below the
town hall from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Knick Knacks, jewellery, books, movies and
more... For more information about festival activities or to volunteer please
contact festival coordinator Diane Rypinski-Marcoux at (450) 292-5817. For more
information visit: www.potton.ca

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / COURTESY OF INODE ESTRIE Municipal Councillor and Festival
Coordinator, Diane Rypinski-Marcoux with local Potton performers Sally Carillo,
Rachelle Revesencio and the group from Aklan Ati-Atihan, Philippines.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Sherbrooke Record
                              All Rights Reserved


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                              July 30, 2010 Friday
                                  ROP Edition

Weymouth villages highlighted;
Farmers market celebrates village centers

BYLINE: Jennifer Mann, The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: News; pg. 10

LENGTH: 310 words


WEYMOUTH - Farmers markets are all about homegrown fun, and Weymouth's event
this year is going further with a hyper-local theme.

The farmers market, now in its second year, is taking time each month to
celebrate the town's four village centers.

This Saturday, Columbian Square will be highlighted. Weymouth Landing will have
its day in the sun on Aug. 21, followed by Jackson Square on Sept. 18 and
Bicknell Square on Oct. 16.

On these days, businesses from the villages get to set up booths for free to
sell and promote their products.

"We call it village celebration day," said town Planning Director James Clarke,
who came up with the idea. "Obviously, in difficult economic times it may help
businesses to pick up a few customers there."

Clarke said the concept dovetails with his office's focus on smart growth and
planning around the different villages.

Mayor Sue Kay said she also saw the immediate benefit in highlighting the
villages, noting that some people may not be aware of businesses on the other
side of town, given that it can take 25 minutes to get from one end of Weymouth
to the other.

"We're such a large town that the villages are almost little towns of
themselves," she said.

"I think it's really fabulous," the mayor added, talking about the village theme
at the market.

The market, which started June 26, runs from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturdays through
Oct. 16. It is held in the town hall parking lot at 75 Middle St.

There are more than a dozen vendors this year, including three farms. The
offerings range from baked goods to fresh seafood to frozen meat.

The farmers market is coordinated through the planning office, the mayor's
office and health department. People interested in getting a booth at the market
can contact any of these offices. More information is available on the town's
website.

Jennifer Mann may be reached at jmann@ledger.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Patriot Ledger


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                           Coventry Evening Telegraph

                            March 1, 2003, Saturday

WEEKEND: FOOD: COUNTRYSIDE COMES TO TOWN;
 FARMERS FAYRE SHOP PRIDES ITSELF ON BRINGING LOCAL PRODUCE TO THE

BYLINE: ANN EVANS LOCAL QUALITY: Farmers Fayre staff Clare Whitlock with bottled
sauces and Dave White with the sausages. Pictures: MARK RADFORD. SAY CHEESE:
Employee Bernie Holt offers more quality produce to customers. LIFT-OFF: Farmers
Fayre co-owner Nicola Reece tosses a pancake outside the shop in readiness for
Shrove Tuesday next week. The pancakes were made with eggs from Marsh Farm,
Bromsgrove and flour from Wellesbourne Watermill; and on them is an
award-winning fruit coulis from Best of Taste Company, Oswestry. TASTY: Stephen
fletcher with his award-winning ewes' milk cheese.

SECTION: FEATURES

LENGTH: 769 words


ANN EVANS meets the owners who offer the benefits of farmers' markets all
through the week FOR the discerning cook looking to buy fresh local products, a
new trend is bringing the countryside to the high street.

Alongside the growth in the popularity of farmers' markets, shops too are now
starting to focus more on "home-grown" food.

Among them is Farmers Fayre in Abbey End, Kenilworth, run by Nicola Reece and
John Bell, who are partners in the business which last year won Shop of the Year
in the Mid-Warwickshire Business Awards.

They sell a diversity of food, including meat, cheeses, eggs, flour, bakery
products, jams, pickles, juices, ice creams - all of which have been produced or
farmed within a 40-mile radius of the town.

"We promote good local products and pride ourselves on good quality and good
service," says 31-year-old Nicola. She manages the Kenilworth shop, as well as
their new butchers at Hatton Country World and John Bell's Berryfields Farm in
Daventry, where Farmers Fayre beef originates.

She explained: "As beef farmers we started going to farmers' markets and found
there was a big demand, but it was only one day a month. Having the shop enables
us to offer the same products six days a week - seven now that we are at Hatton.

"Everything here is reasonably priced. Often people's perception is that if it's
local produce it must be expensive, but our prices are comparable with
supermarket prices. In effect the product is coming straight from the farm to
the shop, so you are cutting out the middle man.

"Also, traceability is vital. A lot of people ask about the products they are
buying and it's good that we are able to tell them.

"We are bringing the countryside to the high street, giving people the
convenience of buying local, fresh products right on their doorstep."

Farmers Fayre is part of Heart of England Fine Foods - an organisation formed to
promote speciality food and drink produced locally in the region - and opened
two years ago.

Its range includes pork from Rugby, lamb from Maidford near Daventry, venison
from the Shuckburgh Estate in Northants, poultry from Balsall Common, and even
on occasions buffalo from Napton.

But it is not just a butcher's, there are also local cheeses, pork pies, cakes,
fruit pies, honey, butter, jams, preserves, fruit coulis and fruit drinks. There
are usually samples for customers to try before they buy.

Nicola, with an eye on quality, always visits the farmers who want to supply to
them, and all the meat comes under the strict requirements of the Meat Gold
Assurance Scheme. Farmers Fayre's own beef is from a specialised herd of
continental heifers at Berryfields Farm.

Nicola said: "Our beef is of such good quality because we hang it for three to
four weeks, which gives it that added flavour and succulence which supermarkets
cannot match. With hanging you get some shrinkage which supermarkets don't want
because they go more for quantity rather than quality.

"But once people have tasted the difference in this traditional style of meat
they come back and say how good things are. They are very loyal."

Farmers Fayre now supplies a number of local restaurants, including Kanes
Farmhouse Restaurant at Hatton.

"It's very important to support our local farmers, and we would love to see more
restaurants and B&Bs using more locally products," added Nicola. "When it's
competitive in price and you can guarantee quality and traceability, what's
better than to eat locally produced foods?"

Farmers Fayre, 51 Abbey Court, Abbey End, Kenilworth, phone 01926 864141,
www.farmers-fayre.co.uk. Farmers Fayre also does home delivery. Farmer puts his
faith in the small customer RAM Hall Dairy Farm cheese is just one of many local
cheeses on sale at Farmers Fayre.

Farmer Stephen Fletcher makes the ewes' cheese from the milk of his 400- strong
flock of Frieslands at the family's farm in Berkswell.

The farm also sells through speciality wholesalers, including Neal's Yard Dairy
in London, the UK's largest outlet for speciality cheese, as well as various
smaller outlets and shops. The one supermarket it supplies is Waitrose.

Stephen, who won a Sainsbury's/BBC Good Food Magazine Great British Food Award
for his Berkswell cheese this year, said: "The small customers are as important
as the big customers.

"It's nice to supply the local shops because we get a lot of support from local
people.

"Shops such as Farmers Fayre are invaluable to local producers. People are
becoming more aware of buying local products and supporting local farmers."

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Coventry Newspapers Limited


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

The Time is Ripe by Debra Morris: Water worries with continuing drought

BYLINE: By Debra Morris Columnist

SECTION: MY TOWN; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 453 words


Cut flowers are one of the many pleasures of life, and with Valentine's Day
coming up, nurseries and florists are gathering up their colorful bouquets for
you to enjoy.

The continuing drought has had an impact on how and what is grown, and long-term
effects have not been calculated.

I spoke with Steve Fernandes, owner of Sunrise Nursery in Watsonville, and asked
him how the drought has affected his nursery business.

He said that he has a private well on his property. But even with a well he
thought belonged to the farm, the state of California has added meters to the
well and charges fees for water usage over and above a certain amount.

"It seems that the well can be considered along with 'mining rights' since any
land below the few feet of top soil is considered property of the state," he
says.

Fernandes has a total of 28 acres of flowers, nine of which are filled with
large greenhouses so that most of his flowers can be grown year-round. These
enclosures are opened during the day to let the sun in and for air to circulate,
then closed at night and heaters turned on when necessary to keep the flowers at
the proper temperature.

"The flowers in the greenhouses have to be monitored much more that open
acreage," Fernandes says.

Everything is grown in containers so soil pH has to be maintained, water
controlled, and mildew watched for.

Their acreage is 90 percent drip irrigation to control water waste. They also
have flowers like roses and Gerbera daisies that are grown hydroponically using
micro-emitters.

All water runoff is captured and the resulting gray water is used to water other
flowers.

He said he is seeking grants from the National Resources Conservation Service
(NRCS) for water conservation assistance and improvements to his current system.

Sunrise Nursery has been two-generational family operation for many years and
Steve loves to get out and work with his hands, bringing his flowers to many
farmers markets. He hopes to continue the nursery business for the future.

Visit them at the Concord Tuesday farmers market and several other at markets in
the Bay Area or like them on their Facebook page.

Farmers markets are open rain or shine.

The Martinez farmers market is from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Sundays, year-round; and
from 4 to 8 p.m. Fridays, from the spring through fall, at Main and Estudillo
streets.

The Pleasant Hill seasonal farmers market is from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturdays, at
Gregory Lane and Trelany Road. It is currently closed and will return in the
spring.

Visit www.pcfma.com or call 800-949-FARM (800-949-3276).

The Time is Ripe is a monthly column written by Debra Morris, promotions
coordinator for the Pacific Coast Farmers' Market Association. Contact her at
debramorris@pcfma.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

The Time is Ripe by Debra Morris: Water worries with continuing drought

BYLINE: By Debra Morris Columnist

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 453 words


Cut flowers are one of the many pleasures of life, and with Valentine's Day
coming up, nurseries and florists are gathering up their colorful bouquets for
you to enjoy.

The continuing drought has had an impact on how and what is grown, and long-term
effects have not been calculated.

I spoke with Steve Fernandes, owner of Sunrise Nursery in Watsonville, and asked
him how the drought has affected his nursery business.

He said that he has a private well on his property. But even with a well he
thought belonged to the farm, the state of California has added meters to the
well and charges fees for water usage over and above a certain amount.

"It seems that the well can be considered along with 'mining rights' since any
land below the few feet of top soil is considered property of the state," he
says.

Fernandes has a total of 28 acres of flowers, nine of which are filled with
large greenhouses so that most of his flowers can be grown year-round. These
enclosures are opened during the day to let the sun in and for air to circulate,
then closed at night and heaters turned on when necessary to keep the flowers at
the proper temperature.

"The flowers in the greenhouses have to be monitored much more that open
acreage," Fernandes says.

Everything is grown in containers so soil pH has to be maintained, water
controlled, and mildew watched for.

Their acreage is 90 percent drip irrigation to control water waste. They also
have flowers like roses and Gerbera daisies that are grown hydroponically using
micro-emitters.

All water runoff is captured and the resulting gray water is used to water other
flowers.

He said he is seeking grants from the National Resources Conservation Service
(NRCS) for water conservation assistance and improvements to his current system.

Sunrise Nursery has been two-generational family operation for many years and
Steve loves to get out and work with his hands, bringing his flowers to many
farmers markets. He hopes to continue the nursery business for the future.

Visit them at the Concord Tuesday farmers market and several other at markets in
the Bay Area or like them on their Facebook page.

Farmers markets are open rain or shine.

The Martinez farmers market is from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Sundays, year-round; and
from 4 to 8 p.m. Fridays, from the spring through fall, at Main and Estudillo
streets.

The Pleasant Hill seasonal farmers market is from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturdays, at
Gregory Lane and Trelany Road. It is currently closed and will return in the
spring.

Visit www.pcfma.com or call 800-949-FARM (800-949-3276).

The Time is Ripe is a monthly column written by Debra Morris, promotions
coordinator for the Pacific Coast Farmers' Market Association. Contact her at
debramorris@pcfma.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved
